<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161216_10-K_edgar_data_1424844_0001424844-16-000030_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4515030</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>244027</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>265440</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1333343</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1798168</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>737175</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>23</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001424844-16-000030.hdr.sgml : 20161216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161216112355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001424844-16-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001424844
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				202735046
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53041
		FILM NUMBER:		162055473

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10868 189TH STREET
		CITY:			COUNCIL BLUFFS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			51503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		712-366-0392

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10868 189TH STREET
		CITY:			COUNCIL BLUFFS
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			51503

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001424844-16-000030.txt : 20161216

10-K
 1
 sire-20160930x10k.htm
 10-K SIRE 20160930

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
        
      Form 10-K 
      (Mark one) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 

o 
    TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _________ to __________ 

Commission file number 000-53041 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Iowa 
    20-2735046 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

10868 189 th Street, Council Bluffs, Iowa 
    51503 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number (712) 366-0392 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
    None. 

Title of each class 
    Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
      
      Series A Membership Units 
      (Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   o       No   x 
        
      Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  Yes   o       No   x 
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x       No   o 
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x       No   o 
        
      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
        
      Large accelerated filer    o         Accelerated filer   o         Non-accelerated filer   o         Smaller reporting company   x 
        
      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o       No   x 

As of March  31, 2016, the aggregate market value of the Membership Units held by non-affiliates (computed by reference to the last price at which the Membership Units were sold) was $50,360,800. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   8,993   Series A,   3,334   Series B and   1,000   Series C Membership Units outstanding. 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None 

PART I  
      
    1 

Item 1.  
     Business  
    2 

Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    13 

Item 2.  
     Properties  
    24 

Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 

Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    25 

PART II      
      
    25 

Item 5.  
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
    25 

Item 6.  
     Selected Financial Data  
    25 

Item 7.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation  
    27 

Item 7A.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    33 

Item 8.  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    34 

Item 9.  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    51 

Item 9A.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    51 

Item 9B.  
     Other Information  
    52 

PART III  
      
    52 

Item 10.  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    52 

Item 11.  
     Executive Compensation  
    52 

Item 12.  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Member Matters     
    52 

Item 13.  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    52 

Item 14.  
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  
    52 

PART IV  
      
    52 

Item 15.     
     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
    52 

SIGNATURES  
      
    56 

PART I 
   
  CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the    Company,       we  ,  or    us   )contains historical information, as well as forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and relate to future events, our future financial performance, or our expected future operations and actions.  In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   will ,  should,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   future,   intend,   could,   hope,    predict,   target,   potential,  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions.  These forward-looking statements are only our predictions based on current information and involve numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results or actions may differ materially from these forward-looking statements for many reasons, including the reasons described in this report.  While it is impossible to identify all such factors, factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those estimated by us include: 
             
    Changes in the availability and price of corn, natural gas, and steam; 
                
    Negative impacts resulting from the reduction in the renewable fuel volume requirements under the Renewable Fuel Standard issued by the Environmental Protection Agency 
                
    Our inability to comply with our credit agreements required to continue our operations; 
                
    Negative impacts that our hedging activities may have on our operations; 
                
    Decreases in the market prices of ethanol and distillers grains; 
                
    Ethanol supply exceeding demand; and corresponding ethanol price reductions; 
                
    Changes in the environmental regulations that apply to our plant operations; 
                
    Changes in plant production capacity or technical difficulties in operating the plant; 
                
    Changes in general economic conditions or the occurrence of certain events causing an economic impact in the agriculture, oil or automobile industries; 
                
    Changes in federal mandates relating to the blending of ethanol with gasoline; 
                
    Changes in other federal or state laws and regulations relating to the production and use of ethanol; 
                
    Changes and advances in ethanol production technology; 
                
    Competition from larger producers as well as competition from alternative fuel additives; 
                
    Changes in interest rates and lending conditions of our loan covenants; and 
                
    Volatile commodity and financial markets. 
       
  These forward-looking statements are based on management s estimates, projections and assumptions as of the date hereof and include various assumptions that underlie such statements.  Any expectations based on these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other important factors, including those discussed below and in the section titled  Risk Factors.  Other risks and uncertainties are disclosed in our prior Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   ) filings. These and many other factors could affect our future financial condition and operating results and could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations set forth in the forward-looking statements made in this document or elsewhere by Company or on its behalf.  We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are included in the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the    1933 Act   ) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    Exchange Act   ). 

1 

Item 1.   Business. 
  The Company is an Iowa limited liability company located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, formed in March, 2005.  The Company operates a 125 million gallon capacity ethanol plant.  We began producing ethanol in February, 2009 and sell our ethanol, distillers grains, and corn oil in the United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim.   
  Our production facility (the    Facility   ) is located in Pottawattamie County in southwestern Iowa, south of Council Bluffs. It is near two major interstate highways, I29 and I80, within a mile of the Missouri River and has access to five major rail carriers. This location is in close proximity to a significant amount of corn and has convenient product market access. The Facility receives corn and chemical deliveries primarily by truck and is able to utilize rail delivery if necessary.  Finished products are shipped by rail and truck.  The site has access to water from ground wells and from the Missouri River.  Additionally, in close proximity to the Facility s primary energy source (steam), there are two natural gas providers available, both with infrastructure immediately accessible to the Facility. 
  Financial Information 
  Please refer to    Item 7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    for information about our revenue, profit and loss measurements and total assets and liabilities, and    Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data    for our financial statements and supplementary data. 
    
  Rail Access 
  We own a six mile loop railroad track for rail service to our Facility, which accommodates several unit trains.  We are party to an Industrial Track Agreement with CBEC Railway, Inc. (the    Track Agreement    ), which governs our use of the loop railroad and requires, among other things, that we maintain the loop track. 
  We are a party to an Amended and Restated Railcar Lease Agreement (   Railcar Agreement   ) with Bunge North America, Inc. (   Bunge   ), a significant equity holder, for the lease of 325 ethanol cars and 298 hopper cars which are used for the delivery and marketing of our ethanol and distillers grains.  Under the Railcar Agreement, we leased railcars for terms lasting 120 months which continues on a month to month basis thereafter. The Railcar Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of all railcar leases. Pursuant to the terms of a side letter to the Railcar Agreement, we sublease cars back to Bunge or third parties from time to time when the cars are not in use in our operations.  We work with Bunge to determine the most economic use of the available ethanol and hopper cars in light of current market conditions.  During  the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, we subleased  92 hopper cars to two separate third parties. 
  Employees 
  We had 61  full time employees, as of   September 30, 2016  .  We are not subject to any collective bargaining agreements and we have not experienced any work stoppages.  Our management considers our employee relationships to be favorable. 
  Principal Products 
  The principal products we produce are ethanol, distillers grains, corn oil, and carbon dioxide ("  CO2  "). 
  Ethanol 
    
  Our primary product is ethanol. Ethanol is ethyl alcohol, a fuel component made primarily from corn and various other grains, which can be used as: (i) an octane enhancer in fuels; (ii) an oxygenated fuel additive for the purpose of reducing ozone and carbon monoxide vehicle emissions; and (iii) a non-petroleum-based gasoline substitute.  More than 99% of all ethanol produced in the United States is used in its primary form for blending with unleaded gasoline and other fuel products.  The principal purchasers of ethanol are generally wholesale gasoline marketers or blenders.  Ethanol is shipped by truck in the local markets, and by rail in the regional, national and international markets. 
  We produced   122.3 million   and   122.9 million   gallons of ethanol for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   ("  Fiscal 2016  ") and   September 30, 2015   (   Fiscal 2015   ), respectively, and approximately   77.4%   and   76.7%   of our revenue was derived from the sale of ethanol in   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Distillers Grain 
  
   2 

The principal co-product of the ethanol production process is distillers grains, a high protein, high-energy animal feed  marketed primarily to the beef and dairy industries.  Distillers grains contain by-pass protein that is superior to other protein supplements such as cottonseed meal and soybean meal.  By-pass proteins are more digestible to the animal, thus generating greater lactation in dairy cows and greater weight gain in beef cattle.  We produce two forms of distillers grains:  wet distillers grains with solubles (   WDGS   ) and dried distillers grains with solubles (   DDGS   ).  WDGS are processed corn mash that has been dried to approximately 50% to 65% moisture.  WDGS have a shelf life of approximately seven days and are sold to local markets.  DDGS are processed corn mash that has been dried to approximately 10% to 12% moisture.  It has a longer shelf life and may be sold and shipped to any market. 
    
  In   Fiscal 2016  , we sold   1.7%     more   distillers grains compared to   Fiscal 2015  . Approximately   18.1%   and   19.0%   of our revenue was derived from the sale of distillers grains in   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Corn Oil 
    
  Our system separates corn oil from the post-fermentation syrup stream as it leaves the evaporators of the ethanol plant. The corn oil is then routed to storage tanks, and the remaining concentrated syrup is routed to the plant s syrup tank. Corn oil can be marketed as either a feed additive or a biodiesel feedstock.  We sold   4.2%     more   corn oil in   Fiscal 2016   than in   Fiscal 2015  , with approximately   3.9%   and   3.8%   of our revenue generated from corn oil sales, respectively. 
  Carbon Dioxide 
  In April 2013, we entered into a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement (the    CO2 Agreemen  t ) with Air Products and Chemicals, Inc, formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. ("Air Products") under which we agreed to supply, and Air Products  agreed to purchase, a portion of raw CO2 gas produced by our Facility. In addition, we entered into a Non-Exclusive CO2 Facility Site Lease Agreement under which we granted Air Products a non-exclusive right of entry and license to construct, maintain and operate a carbon dioxide liquefaction plant (the    CO2 Plant   ) on a site near our Facility.  The term of the CO2 Agreement runs for ten (10) years from the startup of the CO2 Plant (the    Initial Term   ) and then renews automatically for two (2) additional five (5) year periods thereafter, unless written notice of termination is submitted within six (6) months prior to the end of the then current term. 
    
  Air Products pays us a base price per ton, which acts as a floor price, Air Products will pay us an additional amount based on Air Products profits above a minimum targeted margin. The CO2 Agreement also contains a take or pay obligation pursuant to which Air Products agrees to pay us for a minimum number of tons each year. CO2 was   0.3%   and   0.2%   of our revenue generated in   Fiscal 2016    and   Fiscal 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Principal Product Markets 
  As described below in    Distribution Methods,    we market and distribute all of our ethanol and distillers grains through Bunge.  Our ethanol, distillers grains and corn oil are primarily sold in the domestic market; however, as markets allow, our products can be, and have been, sold in the export markets. We expect Bunge to explore all markets for our ethanol and distillers grains, including export markets, and believe that there is some potential for increased international sales of our products. However, due to high transportation costs, and the fact that we are not located near a major international shipping port, we expect a majority of our products to continue to be marketed and sold domestically.  
   Over the past fiscal year, exports of ethanol have increased with Canada receiving the largest percentage of ethanol produced in the United States, and China and Brazil in second and third place, respectively.  India,  South Korea, the Philippines, Peru  and Mexico  have also been top destinations for ethanol exports. However, ethanol export demand is more unpredictable than domestic demand, and tends to fluctuate over time  as it is subject to monetary and political forces in other nations. For instance, a strong U.S. Dollar is an example of a force that may negatively impact ethanol exports from the United States.  
    
  Distillers grains have become more accepted as animal feed throughout the world and therefore, distillers grains exporting has increased and may continue to increase as worldwide acceptance grows. The United States ethanol industry exported a significant amount of distillers grains to China and Mexico during Fiscal 2016 with South Korea and Vietnam also receiving notable amounts; however, exports of distillers grains weakened towards the end of Fiscal 2016. Earlier this year, China began an antidumping and countervailing duty investigation related to distillers grains imported from the United States which contributed to a decline in distillers grains shipped to China. Recently, China issued a preliminary ruling on the anti-dumping investigation imposing an immediate duty on distiller s grains that are produced in the United States. In addition, China implemented an anti-subsidy duty which was implemented as of September 30, 2016. The imposition of these duties is expected to result in a further decline in demand from this top importer requiring United States producers to seek out alternatives markets. The strength of the    
  
   3 

U.S. dollar also contributed to decreased distillers grain exports as well as weak economic conditions in China and Europe. The U.S. ethanol industry continued to export  levels of distillers grains similar to 2015 levels, with primary recipients being China, Mexico, Vietnam, South Korea, Thailand and Turkey. 
  We sell carbon dioxide directly to Air Products and we market and distribute all of the corn oil we produce directly to end users in the domestic market. 
  Distribution Methods 
  On December 5, 2014, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement (the    Ethanol Agreement   ) with Bunge.  Under the Ethanol Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell Bunge all of the ethanol produced by the Company, and Bunge has agreed to purchase the same.  The Company pays Bunge a percentage fee for ethanol sold by Bunge, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee.  The initial term of the Ethanol Agreement expires on December 31, 2019, however it will automatically renew for one five-year term unless Bunge provides the Company with notice of election to terminate. 
  We entered into a Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement, as amended (   DG Agreement   ) with Bunge, under which Bunge is obligated to purchase from us and we are obligated to sell to Bunge all distillers grains produced at our Facility. 
  The initial term of the DG Agreement runs until December 31, 2019, and will automatically renew for one additional five year terms unless Bunge  provides the Company with notice of election to terminate.  Under the DG Agreement, Bunge pays us a purchase price equal to the sales price minus the marketing fee and transportation costs.  The sales price is the price received by Bunge in a contract consistent with the DG Marketing Policy or the spot price agreed to between Bunge and the Company. Bunge receives a marketing fee consisting of a percentage of the net sales price, subject to a minimum and maximum amount. Net sales price is the sales price less the transportation costs and rail lease charges.  The transportation costs are all freight charges, fuel surcharges, and other access charges applicable to delivery of distillers grains.  Rail lease charges are the monthly lease payment for rail cars along with all administrative and tax filing fees for such leased rail cars. 
   The Company and Bunge executed a letter agreement (the     Letter Agreement    ) on December 5, 2014, terminating the Corn Oil Agency Agreement dated as of November 12, 2010 (the "  Corn Oil Agency Agreement  ") by and between the Company and Bunge and the Risk Management Services Agreement by and between the Company and Bunge dated as of December 15, 2008.  We now market and distribute all of the corn oil we produce directly to end users within the domestic market. 
  Raw Materials 
  Corn Requirements                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  The principal raw material necessary to produce ethanol, distillers grain and corn oil is corn.  We are significantly dependent on the availability and price of corn which are affected by supply and demand factors such as crop production, carryout, exports, government policies and programs, risk management and weather.  With the volatility of the weather and commodity markets, we cannot predict the future price of corn. Because the market price of ethanol is not directly related to corn prices, we, like most ethanol producers, are not able to compensate for increases in the cost of corn through adjustments in our prices for our ethanol although we do see increases in the prices of our distillers grain during times of higher corn prices.  However, given that ethanol sales comprise  a majority of our revenues, our inability to adjust our ethanol prices can result in a negative impact on our profitability during periods of high corn prices. 
    
  In October 2016, the United States Department of Agriculture (the  USDA ) revised their estimates for the 2016/2017 corn crop at 15.2 billion bushels with yields averaging 175.3 bushels per acre.  These projections are substantially higher  than the 2015/2016 results for corn  yield and production in the United States.  The USDA also forecasted the area harvested for corn at 86.6 million acres which is 7% higher  than the 80.7 million acres harvested in the USDA report for 2015/2016.  
  Our management expects that corn prices will continue to remain lower through the first two quarters of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 ( Fiscal 2017 ) as a result of the high levels of production and yield forecasted by the USDA.  However, if corn prices rise again, it will have an adverse impact on our operating margins unless the prices we receive for our ethanol and distillers grains are able to outpace the rising corn prices.  Management continually monitors corn prices and the availability of corn near the Facility and also continually attempts to minimize the effects of the volatility of corn costs on profitability through its risk management strategies, including hedging positions taken in the corn market.    
    
       Our Facility needs approximately 43.9 million bushels of corn annually, to produce 125 million gallons of ethanol, or approximately 120,000 bushels per day.  During   Fiscal 2016   we purchased   0.6%     less   corn compared to   Fiscal 2015  , which was obtained entirely from local markets.  The Company and Bunge also entered into an Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock  
  
   4 

Agency Agreement on December 5, 2014 (the    Agency Agreement   ).  The Agency Agreement provides that Bunge will procure corn for the Company and the Company will pay Bunge a per bushel fee, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee.  The initial term of the Agency Agreement expires on December 31, 2019 and will automatically renew for one additional five year term unless Bunge provides notice of election to the Company to terminate.  
  Energy Requirements 
    
  The production of ethanol is an energy intensive process which uses significant amounts of electricity and steam or natural gas as a heat source.  Presently, about 25,000 BTUs of energy are required to produce a gallon of ethanol.  It is our goal to operate the plant as safely and profitably as possible, optimizing the amount of energy consumed per gallon of ethanol produced, balanced with the relative values of WDGS as compared to DDGS.   
  Steam 
    
  Unlike most ethanol producers in the United States which use natural gas as their primary energy source, our primary energy source has traditionally been steam. However historically we have changed between steam and natural gas depending on energy costs and other factors.  We believe our ability to utilize steam makes us more competitive, as under certain energy market conditions our energy costs will be lower than natural gas fired plants.  We have entered into a Steam Service Contract (   Steam Contract   ) with MidAmerican Energy Company (   MidAm   ), under which MidAm provides us the steam required by us, up to 475,000 pounds per hour.  Effective in January 2013, we amended the Steam Contract to link our net energy rates and charges for steam to certain specified energy indexes, subject to certain minimum and maximum rates, so that our steam costs remain competitive with the general energy market. Effective in August 2015 we amended the Steam Contract to extend the term until November 2024. .  During   Fiscal 2016  ,we purchased approximately   14.3%     more   steam compared to   Fiscal 2015  . This increase in Fiscal 2016 was due to lower steam usage by the Company in Fiscal 2015 as a result of a damaged steam line in the second and third quarter of 2015.  The increase in Fiscal 2016 was partially offset by the fact that the amount of available steam from MidAm was reduced as a result of MidAm s increased utilization of wind energy rather than coal in Fiscal 2016 which generally reduces the amount of available steam produced. 
  Natural Gas 
    
  Although steam is traditionally considered our primary energy source, natural gas accounted for approximately   65.8%   of our energy usage in   Fiscal 2016   due to favorable market prices for natural gas and decreased steam availability.. We have two natural gas boilers for use when our steam service is temporarily unavailable. Natural gas is also needed for incidental purposes.  We have entered into a natural gas supply agreement with Encore Energy for our long term natural gas needs.   
  Electricity 
    
  Our Facility requires a large continuous supply of electrical energy.  In   Fiscal 2016   we used approximately   0.7%     less   electricity compared to   Fiscal 2015  . This was primarily due to lower production levels during the hot 2016 summer months as compared to 2015, and the rate differential charges incurred because of lower usage. 
    
  Water 
    
  We require a supply of water typical for the industry for our corn to ethanol process.  Our primary water source comes from the underground Missouri River aquifer via our three onsite wells. The majority of the water used in an ethanol plant is recycled back into the plant.  All our ground water is treated through our onsite water oxidation system.  This filtered water is used throughout our process.  We do treat (polish) some of this filtered water for boiler and cooling tower make-up with our Reverse Osmosis (RO) system to minimize any elements that will harm the boiler and steam systems.  We send some of our non-process (corn) contact water back to the Missouri River, including our Cooling Tower and Green Sand filtered backwash waters.  The makeup water requirements for the cooling tower are primarily a result of evaporation and cooling.  We also evaporate much of our water through our dryer system for dried corn distillers grains.  The rest of our process water is recycled back into the plant, which minimizes any waste of our water supply.   
  Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises and Concessions 
  SIRE         and our SIRE        logo are registered trademarks of the Company in the United States.  Other trademarks, service marks and trade names used in this report constitute common law trademarks and/or service marks of the Company.  Other parties  marks referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. We were granted a perpetual license by ICM, Inc. (   ICM   ) to use certain ethanol production technology necessary to operate our Facility.  There is no ongoing fee or definitive calendar term for this license. 
  
   5 

Seasonality of Sales 
  We experience some seasonality of demand for our ethanol and distillers grains. Since ethanol is predominantly blended with conventional gasoline for use in automobiles, ethanol demand tends to shift in relation to gasoline demand. As a result, we experience some seasonality of demand for ethanol in the summer months related to increased driving. In addition, we experience some increased ethanol demand during holiday seasons related to increased gasoline demand.  
    
  Risk Management and Hedging Transactions 
  The profitability of our operations is highly dependent on the impact of market fluctuations associated with commodity prices.  We use various derivative instruments as part of an overall strategy to manage market risk and to reduce the risk that our ethanol production will become unprofitable when market prices among our principal commodities and products do not correlate.  In order to mitigate our commodity and product price risks, we enter into hedging transactions, including forward corn, ethanol,  distillers grain and natural gas contracts, in an attempt to partially offset the effects of price volatility for corn and ethanol.  We also enter into over-the-counter and exchange-traded futures and option contracts for corn, ethanol and distillers grains, designed to limit our exposure to increases in the price of corn and manage ethanol price fluctuations.  Although we believe that our hedging strategies can reduce the risk of price fluctuations, the financial statement impact of these activities depends upon, among other things, the prices involved and our ability to physically receive or deliver the commodities involved.  Our hedging activities could cause net income to be volatile from quarter to quarter due to the timing of the change in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged.  As corn and ethanol prices move in reaction to market trends and information, our income statement will be affected depending on the impact such market movements have on the value of our derivative instruments. 
  Hedging arrangements expose us to the risk of financial loss in situations where the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults or, in the case of exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the price of the commodity underlying the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us for the physical commodity bought or sold.  There are also situations where the hedging transactions themselves may result in losses, as when a position is purchased in a declining market or a position is sold in a rising market. Hedging losses may be offset by a decreased cash price for corn and natural gas and an increased cash price for ethanol and distillers grains. 
  We continually monitor and manage our commodity risk exposure and our hedging transactions as part of our overall risk management policy.  As a result, we may vary the amount of hedging or other risk mitigation strategies we undertake, and we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions.  Our ability to hedge is always subject to our liquidity and available capital. 
  Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers 
  As discussed above, we have marketing and agency agreements with Bunge, for the purpose of marketing and distributing our principal products.  We rely on Bunge for the sale and distribution of the majority of our products.  Currently,  we do not have the ability to market our ethanol and distillers grains internally should Bunge be unable or refuse to market these products at acceptable prices.  However, we anticipate that we would be able to very quickly secure competitive marketers should we need to replace Bunge for any reason  . 
  Competition  
    
  Domestic Ethanol Competitors 
    
  The ethanol we produce is similar to ethanol produced by other domestic plants.  According to the Renewable Fuels Association, as of November 22, 2016 there were 213 ethanol production facilities  in the United States capable of producing 15.8 billion gallons based on nameplate capacity and four additional plants under expansion or construction with capacity to produce an additional 237 million gallons. Further, the Renewable Fuels Association estimates that virtually none of the ethanol production capacity in the United States is idled. The top five producers account for approximately 44% of domestic production.  We are in direct competition with many of these top five producers as well as other national producers, many of whom have greater resources and experience than we have and each of which is producing significantly more ethanol than we produce. In addition, we believe that the ethanol industry will continue to consolidate leading to a market where a small number of large ethanol producers with substantial production capacities will control an even larger portion of the U.S. ethanol production. In recent years, the ethanol industry has also seen increased competition from oil companies who have purchased ethanol production facilities. These oil companies are required to blend a certain amount of ethanol each year. 
    
  We may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our larger competitors  and the oil companies who are capable of producing a significantly greater amount of ethanol, have multiple ethanol plants that may help them achieve certain efficiencies  
  
   6 

and other benefits that we cannot achieve with one ethanol plant or are able to operate at times when it is unprofitable for us to operate.  For instance, ethanol producers that own multiple plants may be able to compete in the marketplace more effectively, especially during periods when operating margins are unfavorable, because they have the flexibility to run certain production facilities while reducing production or shutting down production at other facilities.  These large producers may also be able to realize economies of scale which we are unable to realize or they may have better negotiating positions with purchasers.  Further, new products or methods of ethanol production developed by larger and better-financed competitors could provide them competitive advantages over us. 
    
  Foreign Ethanol Competitors 
    
  In recent years, the ethanol industry has experienced increased competition from international suppliers  of ethanol and although ethanol imports have decreased during the last two fiscal years, if competition from ethanol imports were to increase again, such increased imports could negatively impact demand for domestic ethanol which could adversely impact our financial results. Large international companies with much greater resources than ours have developed, or are developing, increased foreign ethanol production capacities.  
    Many international suppliers produce ethanol primarily from inputs other than corn, such as sugar cane, and have cost structures that may be substantially lower than U.S. based ethanol producers including us. Many of these international suppliers are companies with much greater resources than us with greater production capacities. 
  Brazil is the world s second largest ethanol producer. Brazil makes ethanol primarily from sugarcane as opposed to corn, and depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. Several large companies produce ethanol in Brazil, including affiliates of Bunge.  In 2016, 14.5 billion gallons of corn based biofuels blending was mandated by the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS2, when U.S. ethanol production was 15.3 billion gallons.  Many in the ethanol industry are concerned that certain provisions of RFS2 as adopted may disproportionately benefit ethanol produced from sugarcane. This could make sugarcane based ethanol, which is primarily produced in Brazil, more competitive in the United States ethanol market. If this were to occur, it could reduce demand for the ethanol that we produce. In recent years, sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has been one of the most economical means for certain obligated parties to comply with the RFS2 requirement to blend 3.6 billion gallons of advanced biofuels. 
  Effective March 16, 2015, the Brazilian government increased the required percentage of ethanol in vehicle fuel sold in Brazil to 27% from 25% which, along with more competitively priced ethanol produced from corn, has decreased U.S. ethanol imports from Brazil as compared to imports during 2014.  However, there has been an increase in U.S. ethanol imports from Brazil during calendar year 2016 as compared to calendar 2015.  Energy Information Administration (   EIA   ) data shows ethanol imports from Brazil rose to 819 thousand barrels in the first eight months of calendar 2016 from 675 thousand barrels in the first eight months of calendar 2015. Although this is still down substantially from the 1,018 thousand barrels in the first eight months of calendar 2014, if we continue to experience increased ethanol imports, ethanol prices may be adversely impacted.   Based on the current strength of the United States Dollar compared to the Brazilian Reis along with very favorable prices for sugarcane based ethanol in the United States, specifically in California, it is possible that ethanol imports from Brazil may continue to increase in Fiscal 2017 which will further impact the level of ethanol supplies in the United States and may result in ethanol price decreases. 
  Depending on feedstock prices, ethanol imported from foreign countries, including Brazil, may be less expensive than domestically-produced ethanol.  However, foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact on the United States. 
  Local Ethanol Production 
    
  Because we are located on the border of Iowa and Nebraska, and because ethanol producers generally compete primarily with local and regional producers, the ethanol producers located in Iowa and Nebraska presently constitute our primary competition.  According to the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association, as of September, 2016, Iowa had 42 ethanol refineries in production, with a combined nameplate capacity to produce 3.95 billion gallons of ethanol.  The Nebraska Energy Office reports that as of September 2016, there are currently 24 existing ethanol plants in Nebraska with a combined ethanol nameplate production capacity of approximately 2.12 billion gallons. 
    
  Competition from Alternative Renewable Fuels 
    
  We anticipate increased competition from renewable fuels that do not use corn as feedstock. Many of the current ethanol production incentives are designed to encourage the production of renewable fuels using raw materials other than corn, including cellulose. Cellulose is the main component of plant cell walls and is the most common organic compound on earth. Cellulose is  
  
   7 

found in wood chips, corn stalks, rice straw, amongst other common plants. Cellulosic ethanol is ethanol produced from cellulose. Research continues regarding cellulosic ethanol, and various companies are in various stages of developing and constructing some of the first generation cellulosic plants. Several companies have commenced pilot projects to study the feasibility of commercially producing cellulosic ethanol and are producing cellulosic ethanol on a small scale and at least three companies in the United States have begun producing on a commercial scale. Additional commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants could be completed in the near future, although these cellulosic ethanol plants have faced some financial and technological issues, If this technology can be profitably employed on a commercial scale, it could potentially lead to ethanol that is less expensive to produce than corn based ethanol. Cellulosic ethanol may also capture more government subsidies and assistance than corn based ethanol. This could decrease demand for our product or result in competitive disadvantages for our ethanol production process. 
  Because our Facility is designed as single-feedstock facilities, we have limited ability to adapt the plant to a different feedstock or process system without additional capital investment and retooling. 
  A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells, plug-in hybrids, electric cars or clean burning gaseous fuels. Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell industry offers a technological option to address worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns. Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions. Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to decrease fuel costs, lessen dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions. If the fuel cell industry continues to expand and gain broad acceptance and becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, we may not be able to compete effectively. This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact our profitability. 
  Distillers Grain Competition 
    
  Ethanol plants in the Midwest produce the majority of distillers grains and primarily compete with other ethanol producers in the production and sales of distillers grains. According to the Renewable Fuels Association's Ethanol Industry Outlook 2016 (the    RFA 2016 Outlook   ), ethanol plants produced more than 40 million metric tons of distillers grains and other animal feed in 2015.  We compete with other producers of distillers grains products both locally and nationally. 
  The primary customers of distillers grains are dairy and beef cattle, according to the RFA 2016 Outlook. In recent years, an increasing amount of distillers grains have been used in the swine,  poultry  and fish markets. Numerous feeding trials show advantages in milk production, growth, rumen health, and palatability over other dairy cattle feeds. With the advancement of research into the feeding rations of poultry and swine, we expect these markets to expand and create additional demand for distillers grains; however, no assurance can be given that these markets will in fact expand, or if they do, that we will benefit from such expansion. 
  The market for distillers grains is generally confined to locations where freight costs allow it to be competitively priced against other feed ingredients. Distillers grains compete with three other feed formulations: corn gluten feed, dry brewers grain and mill feeds. The primary value of these products as animal feed is their protein content. Dry brewers grain and distillers grains have about the same protein content, and corn gluten feed and mill feeds have slightly lower protein contents. Distillers grains contain nutrients, fat content, and fiber that we believe will differentiate our distillers grains products from other feed formulations. However, producers of other forms of animal feed may also have greater experience and resources than we do and their products may have greater acceptance among producers of beef and dairy cattle, poultry and hogs. 
  Principal Supply   Demand Factors 
  Ethanol 
    
  Ethanol prices stayed low during Fiscal   2016  , partially in response to lower corn and oil prices, and the large supply of corn and oil.  The increased production of ethanol within the United States also impacted ethanol prices during Fiscal   2016  . The increase in ethanol production resulted from the domestic producers responding to the consistently low corn prices during Fiscal   2016  .  
  Management currently expects ethanol prices will continue to adjust to the supply and demand factors of ethanol and oil and will generally fluctuate with, but not be directly correlated to, the price of corn.   
  Management believes the industry will need to grow both retail product delivery infrastructure and demand for ethanol in order to increase production margins in the near and long term. 
  
   8 

Management also believes it is important that ethanol blending capabilities of the gasoline market be expanded to increase demand for ethanol.  Recently, there has been increased awareness of the need to expand retail ethanol distribution and blending infrastructure, which would allow the ethanol industry to supply ethanol to markets in the United States that are not currently  selling significant amounts of ethanol. 
  The overall demand for transportation fuel also impacts the demand for ethanol.  The demand for transportation fuel peaked in 2007, dropped dramatically during the recession, stabilized,  and in 2016 has returned to 2007 levels.  According to EIA data, there is a demand for approximately 143 billion gallons of total gasoline demand in the United States in 2016.  The fuel efficiency of vehicles and the total number of miles traveled by consumers affects the overall demand for transportation fuel and thus also impacts the demand for ethanol.  According to the EIA, in 2016, the increase in gasoline consumption reflects a forecasted 2.5% increase in highway travel (because of employment growth and lower retail prices), that is partially offset by increases in vehicle fleet fuel economy. Market acceptance of E15 and E85, as approved by the Environmental Protection Agency for use in passenger cars from the 2001 model year or later  will continue the growth in ethanol sales in the near future.   
  Distillers Grains 
    
  Distillers grains compete with other protein-based animal feed products. In North America, over 80% of distillers grains are used in ruminant animal diets, and are also fed to poultry and swine.  Every bushel of corn used in the dry grind ethanol process yields approximately 17 pounds of dry matter distillers grains, which is an excellent source of energy and protein for livestock and poultry.  The price of distillers grains may decrease when the prices of competing feed products decrease. The prices of competing animal feed products are based in part on the prices of the commodities from which these products are derived. Downward pressure on commodity prices, such as soybeans and corn, will generally cause the price of competing animal feed products to decline, resulting in downward pressure on the price of distillers grains. 
  Historically, sales prices for distillers grains have  correlated with prices of corn. However, there have been occasions when the price increase for this co-product has not been directly correlated to changes in corn prices. In addition, our distillers grains compete with products made from other feedstocks, the cost of which may not rise when corn prices  rise. Consequently, the price we may receive for distillers grains may not rise as corn prices rise, thereby lowering our cost recovery percentage relative to corn. 
  Management expects that distillers grain prices will continue to generally follow the price of corn during Fiscal 2017. 
  Competition     for Supply of Corn 
    
  During crop year 2016, according to the USDA October report, 86.6 million acres of corn were planted,  which was up 7.3% from 2015. In addition to more acres planted, the expected yield is 175.3 bushels per acre, which is 3.5% above 2015's results.  Prices for corn are expected to stay low as a result of the high levels of production and yields forecasted by the USDA. 
  Competition for corn supply from other ethanol plants and other corn consumers exists around our Facility.  According to Iowa Renewable Fuels Association, as of September, 2016, there were 42 operational ethanol plants in Iowa. The plants are concentrated, for the most part, in the northern and central regions of the state where a majority of the corn is produced. The existence and development of other ethanol plants, if any, particularly those in close proximity to our Facility, may increase the demand for corn which may result in even higher costs for supplies of corn. 
  We compete with other users of corn, including ethanol producers regionally and nationally, producers of food and food ingredients for human consumption (such as high fructose corn syrup, starches, and sweeteners), producers of animal feed and industrial users. According to the USDA, for 2015/2016, 5.2 billion bushels of U.S. corn were used in ethanol production, with 6.6 billion bushels being used in food and other industrial uses, and 2.2 billion bushels used for export.  As of September 2016, the USDA has  forecast the amount of corn to be used for ethanol production during the current marketing year  at 5.2 billion bushels approximately the same as the prior year. 
  Federal Ethanol Support and Governmental Regulations 
    
  RFS and Related Federal Legislation 
    
  The ethanol industry is dependent on several economic incentives to produce ethanol, including ethanol use mandates. One significant federal ethanol support is the Federal Renewable Fuels Standard (the    RFS   ) which has been and will continue to be a driving factor in the growth of ethanol usage. The RFS requires that in each year a certain amount of renewable fuels must be used in the United States.  The RFS is a national program that does not require that any renewable fuels be used in any particular area or state, allowing refiners to use renewable fuel blends in those areas where it is most cost-effective.   The U.S. Environmental  
  
   9 

Protection Agency (the    EPA   ) is responsible for revising and implementing regulations to ensure that transportation fuel sold in the United States contains a minimum volume of renewable fuel.   
  On February 3, 2010, the EPA implemented new regulations governing the RFS  which are referred to as    RFS2  .  The RFS2 requirements increase incrementally each year through 2022 when the mandate requires that the United States use 36 billion gallons of renewable fuels.  Starting in 2009, the RFS required that a portion of the RFS must be met by certain  advanced  renewable fuels. These advanced renewable fuels include ethanol that is not made from corn, such as cellulosic ethanol and biomass based biodiesel.  The use of these advanced renewable fuels increases each year as a percentage of the total renewable fuels required to be used in the United States. 
  Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. However, the EPA decided to delay finalizing the rule on the 2014 and 2015 RFS2 standards until after the end of 2014.  In May , 2015, the EPA released proposed rules for the 2014, 2015 and 2016 renewable volume obligations (   EPA Proposed Rule   ) which proposed significant reductions in the total renewable fuel volume requirements from the statutory mandates initially set by Congress. The public comment period on the proposed rules was open through July 27, 2015. On November 302015, the EPA issued its final rules in response to the public comments received relating to the reductions in its proposed rules (the    EPA Final Rule   ).   On May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set 2017 renewable volume requirements under RFS2 which set the annual volume requirement for renewable fuel at 18.8 billion gallons per year, of which 14.8 billion gallons may be met with corn-based ethanol. The EPA issued the final rule for 2017 and increased the total volume requirements from 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 billion gallons (the    Final 2017 Rule   ).  The following chart sets forth the statutory volumes, the EPA Final Rule volumes for 2014, 2015 and 2016 (in billion gallons) and the Final 2017 Rule volumes (in billion gallons). 

The volume requirements  mandated in the EPA Final Rule and the 2017 Final Rule are still below the volume requirements statutorily mandated by Congress. These reduced volume requirements, combined with the potential elimination of such requirements by the exercise of the EPA waiver authority or by Congress, could decrease the market price and demand for ethanol which will negatively impact our financial performance. 
        However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be met by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billion gallons to 15 billion gallons. This brings the renewable volume obligations for conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate. Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the  blend wall,  there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels.  
  Various ethanol and other industry groups submitted public comments to the EPA urging the EPA to adjust the volume requirements set forth in the EPA Final Rules and the Final 2017 Rule to conform to the statutory requirements. 
    
  Beginning in January 2016, various ethanol and agricultural industry groups petitioned a federal appeals court to hear a legal challenge to the EPA Final Rule. In addition, various representatives of the oil industry have also filed challenges to the EPA Final Rule. If the EPA's decision to reduce the volume requirements under the RFS2 is allowed to stand, or if the volume requirements are further reduced, it could have an adverse effect on the market price and demand for ethanol which would negatively impact our financial performance. 
    
  The most controversial part of RFS2 involves what is commonly referred to as the lifecycle analysis of greenhouse gas emissions. Specifically, the EPA adopted rules to determine which renewable fuels provided sufficient reductions in greenhouse gases, compared to conventional gasoline, to qualify under the RFS program. RFS2 establishes a tiered approach, where regular renewable fuels are required to accomplish a 20% greenhouse gas reduction compared to gasoline, advanced biofuels and biomass- 
  
   10 

based biodiesel must accomplish a 50% reduction in greenhouse gases, and cellulosic biofuels must accomplish a 60% reduction in greenhouse gases. Any fuels that fail to meet this standard cannot be used by fuel blenders to satisfy their obligations under the RFS program. Our ethanol plant was grandfathered into the RFS due to the fact that it was constructed prior to the effective date of the lifecycle greenhouse gas requirement and is not required to prove compliance with the lifecycle greenhouse gas reductions. 
  Based on the final regulations, we believe our Facility, at its current operating capacity, was grandfathered into the RFS given it was constructed prior to the effective date of the lifecycle greenhouse gas requirement and therefore is not required to prove compliance with the lifecycle greenhouse gas reductions.   However, expansion of our Facility will require us to meet a threshold of a 20% reduction in greenhouse gas, or GHG emissions to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS2 mandate. In order to expand capacity at our Facility, we may be required to obtain additional permits, install advanced technology, or reduce drying of certain amounts of distillers grains.  
  Many in the ethanol industry are concerned that certain provisions of RFS2 as adopted may disproportionately benefit ethanol produced from sugarcane. This could make sugarcane based ethanol, which is primarily produced in Brazil, more competitive in the United States ethanol market. If this were to occur, it could reduce demand for the ethanol that we produce. 
    
  Due primarily in response to the drought conditions experienced in 2012, claims that blending of ethanol into the motor fuel supply will be constrained by unwillingness of the market to accept greater than 10% ethanol blends, or the blend wall, and other industry factors, new legislation aimed at reducing or eliminating renewable fuel use required by RFS2 has been introduced. The Renewable Fuel Standard Elimination Act, originally introduced in April 2013 and reintroduced as H.R. 703 in February 2015, targeted the repeal of the renewable fuel program of the EPA. Also introduced in April 2013, and reintroduced as H.R. 704 in February  2015, was the RFS Reform Bill which tried to prohibit more than ten percent (10%) ethanol in gasoline and reduce the RFS2 mandated volume of renewable fuel. Both of these bills failed to make it out of congressional committee and were not enacted into law.  The enactment of  similar legislation aimed at eliminating or reducing the RFS2 mandates could have a material adverse impact on the ethanol industry as a whole and our business operations. 
    
  On April 17, 2015, the U.S. Department of Transportation, or DOT, announced rail safety changes for transportation of ethanol and other liquids. Effective immediately, transportation of Class 3 flammable liquids, such as ethanol, are subject to new safety advisories, notices and an emergency order issued by the DOT, Federal Railroad Administration and Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration. The emergency order limits trains to a maximum authorized operating speed limit when passing through highly populated areas and carrying large amounts of ethanol or other Class 3 flammable liquids. 
    
  On May 1, 2015, the DOT, in coordination with Transport Canada, announced the final rule,  Enhanced Tank Car Standards and Operational Controls for High-Hazard Flammable Trains.  The rule calls for an enhanced tank car standard known as the DOT specification 117 tank car and establishes a schedule beginning in May 2017 to retrofit or replace older tank cars carrying crude oil and ethanol. U.S. and Canadian shippers have until May 1, 2023, to phase out or upgrade older DOT111 tank cars servicing ethanol. Shippers have until July 1, 2023, to retrofit or replace non-jacketed CPC-1232 tank cars, and until May 1, 2025, to retrofit or replace jacketed CPC-1232 tank cars, transporting ethanol in the U.S. and Canada. The rule also establishes new braking standards intended to reduce the severity of accidents and  pile-up effect.  New operational protocols are also applicable, which include reduced speed, routing requirements and local government notifications. In addition, companies that transport hazardous materials must develop more accurate classification protocols. 

State Initiatives and Mandates 
    
  In 2006, Iowa passed legislation promoting the use of renewable fuels in Iowa.  One of the most significant provisions of the Iowa renewable fuels legislation is a renewable fuels standard encouraging 10% of the gasoline sold in Iowa to consist of renewable fuels.  This renewable fuels standard increases incrementally to 25% of the gasoline sold in Iowa by 2020. To reach that goal, the use of E85 will have to climb dramatically.  Gas stations that embrace E85 will be in line for state tax credits and also incentives.  To qualify under the bill, ethanol must be agriculturally-derived.  
  E85 
    
  Demand for ethanol has been affected by moderately increased consumption of E85 fuel, a blend of 85% ethanol and 15% gasoline.  E85 can be used as an aviation fuel, as reported by the National Corn Growers Association, and as a hydrogen source for fuel cells. According to the Renewable Fuels Association, there are currently more than 16 million flexible fuel vehicles capable of operating on E85 in the United States and automakers such as Ford and General Motors have indicated plans to produce several million more flexible fuel vehicles per year.  The US Department of Energy reports that there were 2,759 retail gasoline  
  
   11 

stations supplying E85 as of September, 2016.  While the number of retail E85 suppliers has increased each year, this remains a relatively small percentage of the total number of U.S. retail gasoline stations, which is approximately 156,000.  In order for E85 fuel to increase demand for ethanol, it must be available for consumers to purchase it.  As public awareness of ethanol and E85 increases along with E85 s increased availability, management anticipates some growth in demand for ethanol associated with increased E85 consumption.The USDA provides financial assistance to help implement  blender pumps  in the United States in order to increase demand for ethanol and to help offset the cost of introducing mid-level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85. These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends.  
  Changes in Corporate Average Fuel Economy (   CAFE   ) standards have also benefited the ethanol industry by encouraging use of E85 fuel products. CAFE provides an effective 54% efficiency bonus to flexible-fuel vehicles running on E85. This variance encourages auto manufacturers to build more flexible-fuel models, particularly in trucks and sport utility vehicles that are otherwise unlikely to meet CAFE standards. 
  E15 
    
  E15 is a blend of higher octane gasoline and up to 15% ethanol.  E15 was approved for use in model year 2001 and newer cars, light-duty trucks, medium-duty passenger vehicles (SUVs) and all flex-fuel vehicles by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 2012,  This approved group of vehicles includes 80% of the cars, trucks and SUVs on the road today   According to the Renewable Fuel Association,  this higher octane fuel is available in 23 states at retail fueling stations.  Sheetz, Kum   Go, Murphy USA, MAPCO Express, Protec Fuel, Minnoco, Thornton's and Hy-Vee all offer E15 to 2001 and newer vehicles today at several stations.  Thanks to recent grants from the USDA and the ethanol and agricultural industries, nearly 2,000 new E15/E85 stations are scheduled to open across the country in the next 12 months. According to the September issue of Ethanol Producer magazine, HWRT Oil Co LLC announced it would become the first company in the United States to offer pre-blended E15 at the terminal, beginning in September 2016.  HWRT will offer E15 in terminals in Illinois, Arkansas and Indiana.  This announcement will allow retailers with existing compatible equipment to begin offering E15 immediately to consumers, which we expect to greatly expand E15's U.S. footprint,  and especially growing the fuel blends presence throughout the Midwest and Southeast. 
  In May 2015, the USDA announced that the agency will invest up to $100 million in a biofuels infrastructure partnership to double the number of renewable fuel blender pumps that can supply consumers with higher ethanol blends, like E15 and E85.  The program will provide competitive grants, matched by states, to help implement  blender pumps  in the United States in order to increase demand for ethanol and to help offset the cost of introducing mid-level ethanol blends into the United States retail gasoline market. A blender pump is a gasoline pump that can dispense a variety of different ethanol/gasoline blends. Blender pumps typically can dispense E10, E20, E30, E40, E50 and E85.  These blender pumps accomplish these different ethanol/gasoline blends by internally mixing ethanol and gasoline which are held in separate tanks at the retail gas stations. Many in the ethanol industry believe that increased use of blender pumps will increase demand for ethanol by allowing gasoline retailers to provide various mid-level ethanol blends in a cost effective manner and allowing consumers with flex-fuel vehicles to purchase more ethanol through these mid-level blends. However, the expense of blender pumps has delayed their availability in the retail gasoline market. 
  Cellulosic Ethanol 
    
  The Energy Independence and Security Act provided numerous funding opportunities in support of cellulosic ethanol. In addition, RFS2 mandates an increasing level of production of biofuels which are not derived from corn. These policies suggest an increasing policy preference away from corn ethanol and toward cellulosic ethanol.  
  Environmental and Other Regulations and Permits 
  Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide.  Ethanol production also requires the use of significant volumes of water, a portion of which is treated and discharged into the environment.  We are required to maintain various environmental and operating permits.  Even though we have successfully acquired the permits necessary for our operations, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require us to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources on complying with such regulations.  In addition, if we sought to expand the Facility s capacity in the future, above our current 125 million gallons, we would likely be required to acquire additional regulatory permits and could also be required to install additional pollution control equipment.   Our failure to obtain and maintain any environmental and/or operating  
  
   12 

permits currently required or which may be required in the future could force us to make material changes to our Facility or to shut down altogether.   
  The U.S. Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions. As stated above, we believe the final RFS2 regulations grandfather our plant at its current operating capacity, though expansion of our plant will need to meet a threshold of a 20% reduction in greenhouse gas (   GHG   ) emissions from a baseline measurement to produce ethanol eligible for the RFS2 mandate. In order to expand capacity at our plant above our current 125 million gallons, we will be required to obtain additional permits and install improved technology. 
  Separately, the California Air Resources Board ("CARB") has adopted a Low Carbon Fuel Standard (the "LCFS") requiring a 10% reduction in GHG emissions from transportation fuels by 2020 using a lifecycle GHG emissions calculation.  On December 29, 2011, a federal district court in California ruled that the California LCFS was unconstitutional which halted implementation of the California LCFS. CARB appealed this court ruling and on September 18, 2013, the federal appellate court reversed the federal district court finding the LCFS constitutional and remanding the case back to federal district court to determine whether the LCFS imposes a burden on interstate commerce that is excessive in light of the local benefits. On June 30, 2014, the United States Supreme Court declined to hear the appeal of the federal appellate court ruling and CARB recently re-adopted the LCFS with some slight modifications. The LCFS could have a negative impact on the overall market demand for corn-based ethanol and result in decreased ethanol prices.  
  Part of our business is regulated by environmental laws and regulations governing the labeling, use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials. Other examples of government policies that can have an impact on our business include tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions and outright embargos. 
  We also employ maintenance and operations personnel at our Facility. In addition to the attention that we place on the health and safety of our employees, the operations at our Facility are governed by the regulations of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA. 
  We have obtained all of the necessary permits to operate the plant. Although we have been successful in obtaining all of the permits currently required, any retroactive change in environmental regulations, either at the federal or state level, could require us to obtain additional or new permits or spend considerable resources in complying with such regulations. 
    In September 2015, in response to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 ( FSMA ), the U.S. Food and Drug Association (the  FDA ) issued rules for Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis and Risk-Based Preventative Controls for food for animals. The rules require FDA-registered food facilities to address safety concerns for sourcing, manufacturing and shipping food products through food safety programs and plans, which includes conducting hazard analysis, developing risk-based preventative controls and monitoring, and addressing intentional adulteration, recalls, sanitary transportation and supplier verification.  We will have two years to comply with the Current Good Manufacturing Practices requirements and three years for preventive controls compliance. While we are still reviewing the regulation, we may need additional resources to ensure compliance with the new requirements prior to the applicable compliance dates since our distillers grains are used as feed for animals. 
    
  Available Information 
  Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website at www.sireethanol.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish such information electronically with the SEC.  The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into  this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
  The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC.  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
   
  Item 1A.   Risk Factors. 
  You should carefully read and consider the risks and uncertainties below and the other information contained in this 
  
   13 

r  eport. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we may face. The following risks, together with additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could impair our financial condition and results of operation. 
    
  Risks Associated With Our Capital Structure 
    
    Our units have no public trading market and are subject to significant transfer restrictions which could make it difficult to sell units and could reduce the value of the units. 
    
  There is not an active trading market for our membership units. To maintain our partnership tax status, our units may not be publicly traded.  Within applicable tax regulations, we utilize a qualified matching service (   QMS   ) to provide a limited market to our members, but we have not and will not apply for listing of the units on any stock exchange.  Finally, applicable securities laws may also restrict the transfer of our units.  As a result, while a limited market for our units may develop through the QMS, members may not sell units readily, and use of the QMS is subject to a variety of conditions and limitations.  The transfer of our units is also restricted by our Fourth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated March 21, 2015 (the    Operating Agreement   ) unless the Board of Directors (the    Board    or    Board of Directors   ) approves such a transfer. Furthermore, the Board will not approve transfer requests which would cause the Company to be characterized as a publicly traded partnership under the regulations adopted under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the    Code   ).  The value of our units will likely be lower because they are illiquid. Members are required to bear the economic risks associated with an investment in us for an indefinite period of time.     
    Our current debt level could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations  . 
        
  Although we have significantly reduced our level of debt, the level of our indebtedness, under our Senior Credit Agreement (the    Credit Agreement   ) with CoBank, ACB and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA., could still have significant consequences to our members, including the following: 
             
    requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to make payments on debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for working capital, capital expenditures and other general business activities; 
                
    requiring a substantial portion of our corporate cash reserves to be held as a reserve for debt service, limiting our ability to invest in new growth opportunities; 
                
    restricting our ability to make distributions to our members; 
                
    limiting the flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and industry in which we operate including, among other things, making capital improvements and selling or purchasing assets or engaging in transactions we deem to be appropriate and in our best interest;  
                
    we may have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors or potential competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition and vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
                
    increasing our vulnerability to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; 
                
    being vulnerable to increases in prevailing interest rates; and 
                
    subjecting all or substantially all of our assets to liens, which means that there may be no assets left for members in the event of a liquidation. 
       
  Our ability to repay current and anticipated future indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance and on the successful implementation of our business strategies. Our financial and operational performance will depend on numerous factors including prevailing economic conditions, volatile commodity prices, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.  If we are unable to service our debt, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, restructure our indebtedness or seek additional capital. If we are unable to restructure our indebtedness or raise funds through sales of assets, equity or otherwise, our ability to operate could be harmed and the value of our units could be significantly reduced. If we default under the terms of our debt because we are unable to service our debt, our current lenders (or any subsequent lenders) could make the entire outstanding debt immediately due and payable. If this occurs, we might not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient  
  
   14 

funds to refinance it. Even if new financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us. These events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and could cause us to cease operations. 
    
    Our current indebtedness require us to comply with certain restrictive loan covenants which may limit our ability to operate our business. 
    
  Under the terms of our Credit Agreement, we have made certain customary representations and we are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, including restrictions on our ability to incur additional debt that is not subordinated, create additional liens, transfer or dispose of assets, make distributions, consolidate, dissolve or merge, and customary events of default (including payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross defaults and bankruptcy defaults).  The Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants including a minimum working capital amount, minimum local net worth (as defined) and a minimum debt service coverage ratio. 
    
  We  can provide no assurance that, if we are unable to comply with these covenants in the future, we will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or amend our loan agreements to prevent a default.  
    
  A breach of any of these covenants or requirements could result in a default under our Credit Agreement.  If we default under our Credit Agreement and we are unable to cure the default or obtain a waiver, we will not be able to access the credit available under our Credit Agreement and there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain alternative financing.  Our Credit Agreement also includes customary default provisions that entitle our lenders to take various actions in the event of a default, including, but not limited to, demanding payment for all amounts outstanding.  If this occurs, we may not be able to repay such indebtedness or borrow sufficient funds to refinance.  Even if new financing is available, it may not be on terms that are acceptable to us.  No assurance can be given that our future operating results will be sufficient to achieve compliance with the covenants and requirements of our Credit Agreement.   
    
    We operate in capital intensive businesses and rely on cash generated from operations and external financing. Limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect our operating results  .  
    
  Increases in liquidity requirements could occur due to, for example, increased commodity prices. Our operating cash flow is dependent on our ability to profitably operate our businesses and overall commodity market conditions. In addition, we may need to raise additional financing to fund growth of our businesses. In this market environment, we may experience limited access to incremental financing. This could cause us to defer or cancel growth projects, reduce our business activity or, if we are unable to meet our debt repayment schedules, cause a default in our existing debt agreements. These events could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial position.  
    
  Risks Associated With Operations 
    
    Decreasing oil and gasoline prices resulting in ethanol trading at a premium to gasoline could negatively impact our ability to operate profitably. 
    
  Ethanol has historically traded at a discount to gasoline; however, with the recent decline in gasoline prices, at times ethanol may trade at a premium to gasoline, causing a financial disincentive for discretionary blending of ethanol beyond the rates required to comply with the RFS2.  Discretionary blending is an important secondary market which is often determined by the price of ethanol versus the price of gasoline.  In periods when discretionary blending is financially unattractive, the demand for ethanol may be reduced.  In recent years, the price of ethanol has been less than the price of gasoline which increased demand for ethanol from fuel blenders.  However, recently, low oil prices have driven down the price of gasoline which has reduced the spread between the price of gasoline and the price of ethanol which could discourage discretionary blending, dampen the export market and result in a downward market adjustment in the price of ethanol.  Any extended period where oil and gasoline prices remain lower than ethanol prices for a significant period of time could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition which could decrease the value of our units. 
    
    Declines in the price of ethanol or distiller's grain would significantly reduce our revenues. 
    
  The sales prices of ethanol and distiller's grains can be volatile as a result of a number of factors such as overall supply and demand, the price of gasoline and corn, levels of government support, and the availability and price of competing products. We are dependent on a favorable spread between the price we receive for our ethanol and distiller's grains and the price we pay for corn and natural gas.  Any lowering of ethanol and distiller's grains prices, especially if it is associated with increases in corn and natural gas prices, may affect our ability to operate profitably.  We anticipate the price of ethanol and distiller's grains to continue to be volatile in our 2017 fiscal year as a result of the net effect of changes in the price of gasoline and corn and increased  
  
   15 

ethanol supply offset by increased ethanol demand.  Declines in the prices we receive for our ethanol and distiller's grains will lead to decreased revenues and may result in our inability to operate the ethanol plant profitably for an extended period of time which could decrease the value of our units. 
    
    Our business is not diversified. 
    
  Our success depends largely on our ability to profitably operate our ethanol plant. We do not have any other lines of business or other sources of revenue if we are unable to operate our ethanol plant and manufacture ethanol, distiller's grains, corn oil and carbon dioxide.  If economic or political factors adversely affect the market for ethanol, distiller's grains, corn oil or carbon dioxide, we have no other line of business to fall back on.  Our business would also be significantly harmed if the ethanol plant could not operate at full capacity for any extended period of time. 
    
    We are dependent on MidAm for our steam supply and any failure by it may result in a decrease in our profits or our inability to operate. 
    
  Under the Steam Contract, MidAm provides us with steam to operate our Facility until November 30, 2024.  We expect to face periodic interruptions in our steam supply under the Steam Contract.  For this reason, we installed boilers at the Facility to provide a backup natural gas energy source.  We also have entered into a natural gas supply agreement with Encore Energy for our long term natural gas needs, but this does not assure availability at all times.  In addition, our current environmental permits limit the annual amount of natural gas that we may use in operating our gas-fired boiler. 
  As with natural gas and other energy sources, our steam supply can be subject to immediate interruption by weather, strikes, transportation, and production problems that can cause supply interruptions or shortages.  While we anticipate utilizing natural gas as a temporary heat source in the event of MidAm s plant outages, an extended interruption in the supply of both steam and natural gas backup could cause us to halt or discontinue our production of ethanol, which would damage our ability to generate revenues.   
    Any site near a major waterway system presents potential for flooding risk. 
    
  While our site is located in an area designated as above the 100-year flood plain, it does exist within an area at risk of a "500-year flood".  Even though our site is protected by levee systems, its existence next to a major river and major creeks present a risk that flooding could occur at some point in the future.  During the last half of our fiscal year ended September 30, 2011, the Missouri River experienced significant flooding, as a result of unprecedented amounts of rain and snow in the Missouri River basin.  This produced a sustained flood lasting many weeks at a "500-year flood" level (a level which has a 0.2 percent chance of occurring).  While there were levee failures elsewhere, the levees held around our facility.  We did experience minimal rail disruption due to flooding in the surrounding areas to the north and south of the Facility, but our operations were not significantly impacted. 
                  We have procured flood insurance as a means of risk mitigation; however, there is a chance that such insurance will not cover certain costs in excess of our insurance associated with flood damage or loss of income during a flood period.  Our current insurance may not be adequate to cover the losses that could be incurred in a flood of a 500-year magnitude.   
                  During a portion of Fiscal 2015, our steam service was not available because of water damage to the creek bank and support structures for our steam line.  Our insurance has paid for the costs of returning our steam line to service.  During the steam line outage, we have operated using our natural gas boilers.  Given gas prices during this period, the steam line outage has not affected our profitability.  The steam line returned to service April 21, 2015. 
          
  We may experience delays or disruption in the operation of our rail line and loop track, which may lead to decreased 
  revenues. 
    
  We have entered into the Track Agreement to service our track and railroad cars.  There may be times when we have to slow production at our ethanol plant due to our inability to ship all of the ethanol and distillers grains we produce.  Due to increased rail traffic nationally because of shipments of crude oil, rail shipment delays have been experienced from time to time, especially during severe winter conditions.  If we cannot operate our plant at full capacity, we may experience decreased revenues which may affect the profitability of the Facility. 
    We may have conflicting financial interests with Bunge and ICM that could cause them to put their financial interests ahead of ours. 
  
   16 

ICM and Bunge appoint three of our directors and have been, and are expected to be, involved in substantially all material aspects of our financing and operations and we have entered into a number of material commercial arrangements with Bunge, as described elsewhere in this report.   
  ICM, Bunge and their respective affiliates may also have conflicts of interest because ICM, Bunge and their respective employees or agents are involved as owners, creditors and in other capacities with other ethanol plants in the United States.  We cannot require ICM or Bunge to devote their full time or attention to our activities.  As a result, ICM and/or Bunge may have, or come to have, a conflict of interest in allocating personnel, materials and other resources to our Facility.  Such conflicts of interest may reduce our profitability and the value of the units and could result in reduced distributions to investors. 
    Hedging transactions, which are primarily intended to stabilize our corn costs, may be ineffective and involve risks and costs that could reduce our profitability and have an adverse impact on our liquidity. 
    
  We are exposed to market risk from changes in commodity prices.  Exposure to commodity price risk results principally from our dependence on corn in the ethanol production process.  In an attempt to minimize the effects of the volatility of corn costs on our operating profits, we enter into forward corn, ethanol, and distillers grain contracts and engage in other hedging transactions involving over-the-counter and exchange-traded futures and option contracts for corn; provided, we have sufficient working capital to support such hedging transactions.  Hedging is an attempt to protect the price at which we buy corn and the price at which we will sell our products in the future and to reduce profitability and operational risks caused by price fluctuation.  The effectiveness of our hedging strategies, and the associated financial impact, depends upon, among other things, the cost of corn and our ability to sell sufficient amounts of ethanol and distillers grains to utilize all of the corn subject to our futures contracts.  Our hedging activities may not successfully reduce the risk caused by price fluctuations which may leave us vulnerable to high corn prices. We have experienced hedging losses in the past and we may experience hedging losses again in the future.  We may vary the amount of hedging or other price mitigation strategies we undertake, or we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions in the future and our operations and financial conditions may be adversely affected during periods in which corn prices increase.  
  Hedging arrangements also expose us to the risk of financial loss in situations where the other party to the hedging contract defaults on its contract or, in the case of over-the-counter or exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us. 
  Our attempts to reduce market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices through the use of over-the-counter or exchange-traded futures results in additional costs, such as brokers  commissions, and may require cash deposits with brokers or margin calls.  Utilizing cash for these costs and to cover margin calls has an impact on the cash we have available for our operations which could result in liquidity problems during times when corn prices fall significantly. Depending on our open derivative positions, we may require additional liquidity with little advance notice to meet margin calls.  We have had to in the past, and in the future will likely be required to, cover margin calls.  While we continuously monitor our exposure to margin calls, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain adequate liquidity to cover margin calls in the future. 
    
    Ethanol production is energy intensive and interruptions in our supply of energy, or volatility in energy prices, could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
    
  Ethanol production requires a constant and consistent supply of energy.  If our production is halted for any extended period of time, it will have a material adverse effect on our business.  If we were to suffer interruptions in our energy supply, our business would be harmed.  We have entered into the Steam Contract for our primary energy source.  We also are able to operate at full capacity using natural gas-fired boilers, which mitigates the risk of disruption in steam supply.  However, the amount of natural gas we are permitted to use for this purpose is currently limited and the price of natural gas may be significantly higher than our steam price.  In addition, natural gas and electricity prices have historically fluctuated significantly. Increases in the price of steam, natural gas or electricity would harm our business by increasing our energy costs.  The prices which we will be required to pay for these energy sources will have a direct impact on our costs of producing ethanol and our financial results. 
    Our ability to successfully operate depends on the availability of water. 
    
  To produce ethanol, we need a significant supply of water, and water supply and quality are important requirements to operate an ethanol plant.  Our water requirements are supplied by our wells, but there are no assurances that we will continue to have a sufficient supply of water to sustain the Facility in the future, or that we can obtain the necessary permits to obtain water directly from the Missouri River as an alternative to our wells.   
    We have executed an output contract for the purchase of all of the ethanol we produce, which may result in lower revenues because of decreased marketing flexibility and inability to capitalize on temporary or regional price disparities. 
  
   17 

Bunge is the exclusive purchaser of our ethanol and markets our ethanol in national, regional and local markets. We do not plan to build our own sales force or sales organization to support the sale of ethanol.  As a result, we are dependent on Bunge to sell our principal product.  When there are temporary or regional disparities in ethanol market prices, it could be more financially advantageous to have the flexibility to sell ethanol ourselves through our own sales force.  We have decided not to pursue this route. 
    Tank cars used to transport crude oil and ethanol may need to be retrofitted or replaced to meet proposed new rail safety regulations. 
  The U.S. ethanol industry has long relied on railroads to deliver its product to market. We have leased  325 ethanol cars.  These leased cars may need to be retrofitted or replaced to comply with final  regulations adopted  by the U.S. Department of Transportation, or DOT, to address concerns related to safety are adopted, which could in turn cause a shortage of compliant tank cars.  The proposed regulations call for a phase out within four years of the use of legacy DOT-111 tank cars for transporting highly-flammable liquids, including ethanol.  According to the proposed rule, the DOT expects about 66,000 tank cars to be retrofitted and about 23,000 cars to be shifted to transporting other liquids.  The Canadian government also adopted new tank car standards which align with the new DOT standard and requires  that its nation s rail shippers use sturdier tank cars for transportation of crude oil and ethanol.  Compliance with these final could require  upgrades or replacements of the Company's tank cars, and could have an adverse effect on the Company's operations as lease costs for tank cars may increase.  Additionally, existing tank cars could be out of service for a period of time while such upgrades are made, tightening supply in an industry that is highly dependent on such railcars to transport its product. 
         We are increasingly dependent on information technology and disruptions, failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations  .    
              Information technology is critically important to our business operations. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, to manage a variety of business processes and activities, including production, manufacturing, financial, logistics, sales, marketing and administrative functions. We depend on our information technology infrastructure to communicate internally and externally with employees, customers, suppliers and others. We also use information technology networks and systems to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. These information technology systems, many of which are managed by third parties or used in connection with shared service centers, may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers or other cybersecurity risks, telecommunication failures, user errors, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events. If any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, and our disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected, and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results.  
              In addition, if we are unable to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, we may encounter significant disruptions in our operations including our production and manufacturing processes, which can cause us to suffer financial and reputational damage, be subject to litigation or incur remediation costs or penalties.  Any such disruption could materially and adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Such breaches may also result in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our partners, customers, suppliers or employees which could further harm our reputation or cause us to suffer financial losses or be subject to litigation or other costs or penalties. The mishandling or inappropriate disclosure of non-public sensitive or protected information could lead to the loss of intellectual property, negatively impact planned corporate transactions or damage our reputation and brand image. Misuse, leakage or falsification of legally protected information could also result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations and have a negative impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  Risks Associated With the Ethanol Industry 
    
    Recent reductions in the renewable volume obligations for corn-based ethanol under the RFS2 which are lower than   the statutory requirements has had, and will continue to have, a negative impact on the market price or demand for ethanol.    
    
  On November 30, 2015, the EPA released its final renewable volume obligations under the RFS2 for 2014, 2015 and 
  2016. Although the obligations increased over those initially proposed by the EPA in May 2015, the renewable volume 
  obligations for conventional biofuels, including the corn-based ethanol we produce, are significantly lower than the statutory 
  
   18 

standard set in the RFS2. The RFS2 requires the use of 14.40 billion gallons of conventional (corn-based) biofuels in 2014, 15 
  billion gallons in 2015 and 15 billion gallons in 2016. Under the final EPA rules, the requirement for 
  conventional (corn-based) biofuels in 2014 is 13.61 billion gallons, 14.05 billion gallons in 2015 and 14.5 billion gallons in 
  2016. This is a substantial reduction in each of these years compared to the original statutory requirements of the RFS2. 
    
    In addition, on May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set the renewable volume requirements for 2017 
  which set the total volume obligation at 18.8 billion gallons of which 14.8 billion gallons could be met by corn-based ethanol. 
  The final rule was issued on November 23, 2016 and increased the total volume requirements from 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 
  billion gallons. Although the final 2017 volume requirements are a significant increase over the 2016 volume requirements and 
  the requirements originally proposed in May 2016, the volume requirements are still below the statutory requirements. However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be met 
  by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billion gallons to 15 billion gallons. This brings the renewable volume obligations for 
  conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate. 
  Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the 
   blend wall,  there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels 
  . 
  Further, due to the lower price of gasoline, we do not anticipate that renewable fuels blenders will use more ethanol 
  than is required by the RFS2 which may result in a significant decrease in ethanol demand. This departure by the EPA from the 
  statutory requirements in the RFS2 is expected to have a negative impact on ethanol prices and demand in 2015 and 2016 and 
  potentially beyond and is expected to result in reduced operating margins in the future. This reduction in ethanol demand could 
  have a material negative impact on our operating performance and financial condition. 

The ethanol industry is an industry that is changing rapidly which can result in unexpected developments that could negatively impact our operations and the value of our units. 
    
  The ethanol industry has grown significantly in the last decade. This rapid growth has resulted in significant shifts in supply and demand of ethanol over a very short period of time.  As a result, past performance by the ethanol plant or the ethanol industry generally might not be indicative of future performance.  We may experience a rapid shift in the economic conditions in the ethanol industry which may make it difficult to operate the ethanol plant profitably.  If changes occur in the ethanol industry that make it difficult for us to operate the ethanol plant profitably, it could result in a reduction in the value of our units. 
    
    If exports to Europe are decreased due to the imposition by the European Union of a tariff on U.S. ethanol, ethanol prices may be negatively impacted. 
    
  The European Union imposed a tariff on ethanol which is produced in the United States and exported to Europe.  If exports of ethanol to Europe decrease as a result, it could negatively impact the market price of ethanol in the United States.  Any decrease in ethanol prices or demand may negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 
    
    If distillers grains exports to China were to be reduced, this could have a negative effect on the price of distillers grains in the U.S. and negatively affect our profitability.     
    
  China is the world's largest buyer of distillers grains produced in the United States. In June 2014, 
  China announced that it would stop issuing import permits for U.S. distillers grains due to the presence 
  of a genetically modified trait not approved by China for import. This announcement was followed in July 2014 by a new 
  requirement by China of a certification by the U.S. government that distillers grains shipments to China are free of the 
  genetically modified trait. These issues virtually closed the export market to China for a portion of 2014. While these issues 
  were eventually resolved and the market to China was successfully reopened in December 2014, a new registration requirement 
  for Chinese importers of distillers grains began on September 1, 2015. Additionally, on January 12, 2016, the Chinese government began an antidumping and countervailing duty investigation related to distillers grains imported from the United States which contributed to a decline in distillers grains shipped to China. Recently, China issued a preliminary ruling on the anti-dumping investigation imposing an immediate duty on distiller s grains that are produced in the United States. In addition, China implemented an anti-subsidy duty which was implemented as of September 30, 2016. The registration requirement and the imposition of these duties crate significant trade barriers which could significantly decrease demand and prices for distillers 
  grains produced in the United States from China. This potential reduction in demand along with lower domestic corn prices 
  could negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant. 

19 

Continued price volatility and fluctuations in the price of corn may adversely impact our operating results and profitability  . 
    
  Our operating results and financial condition are significantly affected by the price and supply of corn.  Because ethanol competes with non-corn derived fuels, we generally are unable to readily pass along increases in corn costs to our customers. At certain levels, corn prices may make the production of ethanol uneconomical.  There is significant price pressure on local corn markets caused by nearby ethanol plants, livestock industries and other corn consuming enterprises.  
  Additionally, local corn supplies and prices could be adversely affected by rising prices for alternative crops, increasing input costs, changes in government policies, shifts in global markets, or damaging growing conditions such as plant disease or adverse weather, including but not limited to drought. 
    Decreased prices for ethanol could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to operate at a profit  .  
    
  Our revenues are dependent on market prices for ethanol and prices for ethanol products can vary significantly over time and decreases in price levels could adversely affect our profitability and viability.   Market prices for ethanol can be volatile as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the availability and price of competing fuels, the overall supply and demand for ethanol and corn, the price of gasoline and corn, and the level of government support. The price for ethanol has some relation to the price for oil and gasoline. The price of ethanol tends to increase as the price of gasoline increases, and the price of ethanol tends to decrease as the price of gasoline decreases, although this may not always be the case.  Any lowering of gasoline prices will likely also lead to lower prices for ethanol and adversely affect our operating results.  Increased production of ethanol may lead to lower prices.  Any downward change in the price of ethanol may decrease our prospects for profitability. 
  Ethanol is marketed as a fuel additive to reduce vehicle emissions from gasoline, as an octane enhancer to improve the octane rating of the gasoline with which it is blended and as a replacement for gasoline. As a result, ethanol prices are influenced by the supply of and demand for gasoline. Our results of operations may be adversely impacted if the demand for, or the price of gasoline decreased dramatically without a similar price reduction in corn. Market prices for ethanol produced in the United States are also influenced by the supply of and demand for imported ethanol. Imported ethanol is not subject to an import tariff and under RFS2 sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has been one of the most economical means for obligated parties to meet the advanced biofuel standards.   
    
    Decreased prices for distillers grains could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to operate at a profit.     
    
  Distillers grains compete with other protein-based animal feed products. The price of distillers grains may decrease when the prices of competing feed products decrease. The prices of competing animal feed products are based in part on the prices of the commodities from which these products are derived. Downward pressure on commodity prices, such as soybeans, will generally cause the price of competing animal feed products to decline, resulting in downward pressure on the price of distillers grains.   
    
  Historically, sales prices for distillers grains have been correlated with prices of corn. However, there have been occasions when the price increase for this co-product has lagged behind increases in corn prices. In addition, our distillers grains co-product competes with products made from other feedstocks, the cost of which may not have risen as corn prices have risen. Consequently, the price we may receive for distillers grains may not rise as corn prices rise, thereby lowering our cost recovery percentage relative to corn.     
    
   Due to industry increases in U.S. dry mill ethanol production, the production of distillers grains in the United States has increased dramatically, and this trend may continue. This may cause distillers grains prices to fall in the United States, unless demand increases or other market sources are found.  To date, demand for distillers grains in the United States has increased roughly in proportion to supply. We believe this is because U.S. farmers use distillers grains as a feedstock, and distillers grains are slightly less expensive than corn, for which it is a substitute. However, if prices for distillers grains in the United States fall, it may have an adverse effect on our business.     
    
    We compete with larger, better financed entities, which could negatively impact our ability to operate profitably. 
  There is significant competition among ethanol producers with numerous producers and privately-owned ethanol plants planned and operating throughout the Midwest and elsewhere in the United States.  Our business faces a competitive challenge from larger plants, from plants that can produce a wider range of products than we can, and from other plants similar to ours.  Large ethanol producers such as Archer Daniels Midland, Flint Hills Resources LP, Green Plains Renewable Energy, Inc., Valero  
  
   20 

Renewable Fuels and POET Biorefining, among others, are capable of producing a significantly greater amount of ethanol than we produce. Further, many believe that there will be further consolidation occurring in the ethanol industry in the near future which will likely lead to a few companies who control a significant portion of the ethanol production market. We may not be able to compete with these larger entities. These larger ethanol producers may be able to affect the ethanol market in ways that are not beneficial to us which could affect our financial performance. 
    Increased ethanol industry penetration by oil companies  may adversely impact our margins. 
       
  The ethanol industry is a highly competitive environment and it is principally comprised of smaller entities that engage exclusively in ethanol production and large integrated grain companies that produce ethanol along with their base grain businesses. We have historically always faced competition with other small independent producers as well as larger, better financed producers for capital, labor, corn and other resources. Until recently, oil companies, petrochemical refiners and gasoline retailers have not been engaged in ethanol production to a large extent. These companies, however, form the primary distribution networks for marketing ethanol through blended gasoline. During the past few years, several large oil companies have begun to penetrate the ethanol production market. If these companies increase their ethanol plant ownership or other oil companies seek to engage in direct ethanol production, there may be a decrease in the demand for ethanol from smaller independent ethanol producers like us which could result in an adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial condition.  
    
    Changes and advances in ethanol production technology could require us to incur costs to update our Facility or could otherwise hinder our ability to compete in the ethanol industry or operate profitably. 
    
  Advances and changes in the technology of ethanol production are expected to occur.  Such advances and changes may make the ethanol production technology installed in our plant less desirable or obsolete.  These advances could also allow our competitors to produce ethanol at a lower cost than us.  If we are unable to adopt or incorporate technological advances, our ethanol production methods and processes could be less efficient than our competitors, which could cause our plant to become uncompetitive or completely obsolete.  If our competitors develop, obtain or license technology that is superior to ours or that makes our technology obsolete, we may be required to incur significant costs to enhance or acquire new technology so that our ethanol production remains competitive.  Alternatively, we may be required to seek third-party licenses, which could also result in significant expenditures.  We cannot guarantee or assure that third-party licenses will be available or, once obtained, will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.  These costs could negatively impact our financial performance by increasing our operating costs and reducing our net income. 
    Competition from the advancement of alternative fuels may decrease the demand for ethanol and negatively impact our profitability  . 
    
  Alternative fuels, gasoline oxygenates and ethanol production methods are continually under development.  A number of automotive, industrial and power generation manufacturers are developing alternative clean power systems using fuel cells or clean burning gaseous fuels.  Like ethanol, the emerging fuel cell industry offers a technological option to address increasing worldwide energy costs, the long-term availability of petroleum reserves and environmental concerns.  Fuel cells have emerged as a potential alternative to certain existing power sources because of their higher efficiency, reduced noise and lower emissions.  Fuel cell industry participants are currently targeting the transportation, stationary power and portable power markets in order to lower fuel costs, decrease dependence on crude oil and reduce harmful emissions.  If the fuel cell and hydrogen industries continue to expand and gain broad acceptance, and hydrogen becomes readily available to consumers for motor vehicle use, we may not be able to compete effectively.  This additional competition could reduce the demand for ethanol, which would negatively impact our profitability. 
    Corn-based ethanol may compete with cellulose-based ethanol in the future, which could make it more difficult for us to produce ethanol on a cost-effective basis. 
    
  Most ethanol produced in the U.S. is currently produced from corn and other raw grains, such as milo or sorghum - especially in the Midwest.  The current trend in ethanol production research is to develop an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass, such as agricultural waste, forest residue, municipal solid waste and energy crops.  This trend is driven by the fact that cellulose-based biomass is generally cheaper than corn, and producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass would create opportunities to produce ethanol in areas which are unable to grow corn.  The Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 and the 2008 Farm Bill offer a very strong incentive to develop commercial scale cellulosic ethanol. The statutory volume requirement in the RFS requires that 16 billion gallons per year of advanced bio-fuels be consumed in the United States by 2022. Additionally, state and federal grants have been awarded to several companies who are seeking to develop commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol plants. As a result, at least three companies have reportedly already begun producing on a commercial scale and a handful of other companies have begun construction on commercial scale cellulosic ethanol plants some of which may  
  
   21 

be completed in the near future. If an efficient method of producing ethanol from cellulose-based biomass is developed, we may not be able to compete effectively.  It may not be practical or cost-effective to convert our Facility into a plant which will use cellulose-based biomass to produce ethanol.  If we are unable to produce ethanol as cost-effectively as cellulose-based producers, our ability to generate revenue will be negatively impacted. 
    Depending on commodity prices, foreign producers may produce ethanol at a lower cost than we can, which may result in lower ethanol prices which would adversely affect our financial results.    
    
  We face competition from foreign ethanol producers with Brazil currently the second largest ethanol producer in the world.  Brazil s ethanol production is sugarcane based, as opposed to corn based, and, depending on feedstock prices, may be less expensive to produce. Under RFS2 certain parties are obligated to meet an advanced biofuel standard and sugarcane ethanol imported from Brazil has historically been one of the most economical means for obligated parties to meet this standard.  Other foreign producers may be able to produce ethanol at lower input costs, including costs of feedstock, facilities and personnel, than we can.  
    
  While foreign demand, transportation costs and infrastructure constraints may temper the market impact throughout the United States, competition from imported ethanol may affect our ability to sell our ethanol profitably, which may have an adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial position.  
    
  If significant additional foreign ethanol production capacity is created, such facilities could create excess supplies of ethanol on world markets, which may result in lower prices of ethanol throughout the world, including the United States. Such foreign competition is a risk to our business. Any penetration of ethanol imports into the domestic market may have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial position.  
    
  Risks Associated With Government Regulation and Subsidization 
    
    The ethanol industry is highly dependent on government mandates relating to the production and use of ethanol and changes to such mandates and related regulations could adversely affect the market for ethanol and our results of operations  .  
    
  The domestic market for ethanol is largely dictated by federal mandates for blending ethanol with gasoline. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend based upon the relative value of gasoline versus ethanol, taking into consideration the relative octane value of ethanol, environmental requirements and the RFS2 mandate. The RFS2 mandate helps support a market for ethanol that might disappear without this incentive. Annually, the EPA is supposed to pass a rule that establishes the number of gallons of different types of renewable fuels that must be used in the United States which is called the renewable volume obligations. However, the EPA has delayed the adoption of the rule on the 2014 and 2015 RFS2 standards. On November 30, 2015, the EPA released final rules which lowered the 2014, 2015 and2016 renewable volume obligations below the statutory volume requirements. In addition, on May 18, 2016, the EPA released a proposed rule to set the renewable volume requirements for 2017 which set the total volume obligation at 18.8 billion gallons of which 14.8 billion gallons could be met by corn-based ethanol. The final rule was issued on November 23, 2016 and increased the total volume requirements from 18.8 billion gallons to 19.28 billion gallons. Although the final 2017 volume requirements are a significant increase over the 2016 volume requirements and the requirements originally proposed in May 2016, the volume requirements are still below the statutory requirements. However, in connection with the issuance of the Final 2017 Rule, the EPA increased the number of gallons which may be met by corn-based ethanol from 14.8 billion gallons to 15 billion gallons. This brings the renewable volume obligations for conventional renewable fuels that can be met by corn-based ethanol back to the levels called for in the statutory mandate. Although this signals a sign of support of the RFS2 by the EPA and a rejection of arguments by the oil industry relating to the  blend wall,  there is no guarantee that for future years the EPA will adhere to the statutory mandate for conventional renewable fuels. 
    
  Furthermore, there have also been recent proposals in Congress to reduce or eliminate the RFS2. The EPA's reduction of the volume requirements under the RFS2 set forth in the EPA's final rules combined with any further reduction to or elimination of the RFS2 requirements, could materially decrease the market price and demand for ethanol which will negatively impact our financial performance. 
    
  Additionally, under the provisions of the Energy Independent and Security Act, the EPA has the authority to waive the mandated RFS2 requirements in whole or in part. Although the EPA  has not granted any waiver, we cannot guarantee that if future waiver requests are filed that the EPA will deny such requests.  Our operations could be adversely impacted if such a waiver is ever granted and any reversal or waiver in federal policy on the RFS could have a significant impact on the ethanol industry. 
  
   22 

The compliance mechanism for RFS2 is the generation of renewable identification numbers, or RINs, which are generated and attached to renewable fuels such as the ethanol we produce and detached when the renewable fuel is blended into the transportation fuel supply. Detached RINs may be retired by obligated parties to demonstrate compliance with RFS2 or may be separately traded in the market. The market price of detached RINs may affect the price of ethanol in certain U.S. markets as obligated parties may factor these costs into their purchasing decisions. Moreover, at certain price levels for various types of RINs, it becomes more economical to import foreign sugar cane ethanol. If changes to RFS2 result in significant changes in the price of various types of RINs, it could negatively affect the price of ethanol, and our operations could be adversely impacted.  
    
  Federal law mandates the use of oxygenated gasoline in the winter in areas that do not meet Clean Air Act standards for carbon monoxide. If these mandates are repealed, the market for domestic ethanol could be significantly reduced. Additionally, flexible-fuel vehicles receive preferential treatment in meeting corporate average fuel economy, or CAFE, standards. However, high blend ethanol fuels such as E85 result in lower fuel efficiencies. Absent the CAFE preferences, it may be unlikely that auto manufacturers would build flexible-fuel vehicles. Any change in these CAFE preferences could reduce the growth of E85 markets and result in lower ethanol prices, which could adversely impact our operating results.  
    
  To the extent that such federal or state laws or regulations are modified, the demand for ethanol may be reduced, which could negatively and materially affect our ability to operate profitably.  

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation and operational safety regulations that impact our expenses and could reduce our profitability. 
    
  Ethanol production involves the emission of various airborne pollutants, including particulate matters, carbon monoxide, oxides of nitrogen, volatile organic compounds and sulfur dioxide. We are subject to regulations on emissions from the EPA and the IDNR (Iowa Department of Natural Resources). The EPA s and IDNR s environmental regulations are subject to change and often such changes are not favorable to industry.  Consequently, even if we have the proper permits now, we may be required to invest or spend considerable resources to comply with future environmental regulations. 
  Our failure to comply or the need to respond to threatened actions involving environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition. We must follow procedures for the proper handling, storage, and transportation of finished products and materials used in the production process and for the disposal of waste products.  In addition, state or local requirements also restrict our production and distribution operations. We could incur significant costs to comply with applicable laws and regulations.  Changes to current environmental rules for the protection of the environment may require us to incur additional expenditures for equipment or processes. 
  We could be subject to environmental nuisance or related claims by employees, property owners or residents near the Facility arising from air or water discharges.  Ethanol production has been known to produce an odor to which surrounding residents could object.  We believe our plant design mitigates most odor objections.  However, if odors become a problem, we may be subject to fines and could be forced to take costly curative measures.  Environmental litigation or increased environmental compliance costs could significantly increase our operating costs. 
  We are subject to federal and state laws regarding operational safety.  Risks of substantial compliance costs and liabilities are inherent in ethanol production.  Costs and liabilities related to worker safety may be incurred.  Possible future developments-including stricter safety laws for workers or others, regulations and enforcement policies and claims for personal or property damages resulting from our operation could result in substantial costs and liabilities that could reduce the amount of cash that we would otherwise have to distribute to members or use to further enhance our business. 
    Carbon dioxide may be regulated by the EPA in the future as an air pollutant, requiring us to obtain additional permits and install additional environmental mitigation equipment, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 
    
  Our Facility emits carbon dioxide as a by-product of the ethanol production process and we sell a portion of our carbon dioxide by-product to Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. pursuant to a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement. The United States Supreme Court has classified carbon dioxide as an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act in a case seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide in vehicle emissions.  Similar lawsuits have been filed seeking to require the EPA to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from stationary sources such as our ethanol plant under the Clean Air Act.  While there are currently no regulations applicable to us concerning carbon dioxide, if Iowa or the federal  
  
   23 

government, or any appropriate agency, decides to regulate carbon dioxide emissions by plants such as ours, we may have to apply for additional permits or we may be required to install carbon dioxide mitigation equipment or take other steps unknown to us at this time in order to comply with such law or regulation.  Compliance with future regulation of carbon dioxide, if it occurs, could be costly and may prevent us from operating the Facility profitably. 
  The California Low Carbon Fuel Standard may decrease demand for corn based ethanol which could negatively impact our profitability.        
    
  California passed a Low Carbon Fuels Standard ("LCFS") which requires that renewable fuels used in California must accomplish certain reductions in greenhouse gases which reductions are measured using a lifecycle analysis.  Management believes that the California LCFS and other state regulations aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions could impact the price of corn-based ethanol which could have an adverse impact on the market for corn-based ethanol produced in the Midwest. California represents a significant ethanol demand market. This could result in a reduction of our revenues and negatively impact our ability to profitably operate the ethanol plant.  
    
    Our site borders nesting areas used by endangered bird species, which could impact our ability to successfully maintain or renew operating permits.  The presence of these species, or future shifts in its nesting areas, could adversely impact future operating performance. 
    
  The Piping Plover (   Charadrius melodus   ) and Least Tern (   Sterna antillarum   ) use the fly ash ponds of the existing MidAm power plant for their nesting grounds.  The birds are listed on the state and federal threatened and endangered species lists.  The IDNR determined that our rail operation, within specified but acceptable limits, does not interfere with the birds  nesting patterns and behaviors.  However, it was necessary for us to modify our construction schedules, plant site design and track maintenance schedule to accommodate the birds  patterns.  We cannot foresee or predict the birds  future behaviors or status.  As such, we cannot say with certainty that endangered species related issues will not arise in the future that could negatively affect the plant s operations. 
   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Item 2.   Properties. 
  We own the Facility site located near Council Bluffs, Iowa, which consists of three parcels totaling nearly 275 acres.  This property is encumbered under the mortgage agreement with Lenders.  We lease a building on the Facility site to an unrelated third party, and lease 45 acres on the south end of the property to an unrelated third party for farming, and grow corn for our own use on ten acres. 

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings. 
  On August 25, 2010, the Company entered into a Tricanter Purchase and Installation Agreement (the    Tricanter Agreement   ) with ICM, pursuant to which ICM sold the Company a tricanter corn oil separation system (the    Tricanter Equipment   ). Under the Tricanter Agreement, ICM has agreed to indemnify the Company from any and all lawsuit and damages with respect to the Company's installation and use of the Tricanter Equipment. 
  On August 5, 2013, GS Cleantech Corporation (   GS Cleantech   ) filed a suit in United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa, Western Division (Case No. 2:13-CV-00021-JAJ-CFB), naming the Company as a defendant (the    Lawsuit   ). The Lawsuit alleges infringement of patents assigned to GS Cleantech with respect to the corn oil separation technology used in the Tricanter Equipment. The Lawsuit seeks preliminary and permanent injunctions against the Company to prevent future infringement on the patents owned by GS CleanTech and damages in an unspecified amount adequate to compensate GS CleanTech for the alleged patent infringement, plus attorney's fees.     The Lawsuit became part of multidistrict litigation against numerous parties and was transferred to the Federal District Court for the Southern District of Indiana (the  Court ).   
    
  On October 23, 2014, the patents owned by GS CleanTech in the Lawsuit were found to be invalid by the SD of Indiana District Court. On January 15, 2015, the Company received a partial summary judgment finding in the Lawsuit by the SD of Indiana District Court consistent with the October 23, 2014 ruling.       In September 2016, the Court issued an opinion rendering the CleanTech patents unenforceable due to inequitable  conduct.This ruling is in addition to the prior favorable court decisions on non-infringement. Currently various post-trial briefs and other proceedings are ongoing. The time for CleanTech to appeal hasn t expired due to the nature of post-trial  briefing and proceedings. It is expected that CleanTech will pursue appeals on all matters decided adversely to them. 

24 

GS CleanTech retains the right to appeal the summary judgment ruling and defendant s cross-claims are pending. Under the Tricanter Agreement, ICM is obligated to, and has retained counsel at its expense to defend the Company in this Lawsuit.  The Company is not currently able to predict the final outcome of this Lawsuit with any degree of certainty. The Company expects ICM to continue to vigorously defend the Company in further proceedings. However, in the event that damages are awarded as a result of this Lawsuit and, if ICM is unable to fully indemnify the Company for any reason, the Company could be liable for such damages. In addition, the Company may need to cease use of its current oil separation process and seek out a replacement or execute a license with GS CleanTech. 
    
  The Company is not currently able to predict the final outcome of this Lawsuit with any degree of certainty as GS CleanTech retains the right to appeal summary judgment and there are still defendant cross-claims pending. Under the Tricanter Agreement, ICM is obligated to, and has retained counsel at its expense to defend the Company in this Lawsuit. However, in the event that damages are awarded as a result of this Lawsuit and, if ICM is unable to fully indemnify the Company for any reason, the Company could be liable for such damages.  

Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures. 
  Not applicable.  

PART II 

Item 5.   Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Member Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had (i)   8,993   Series A Units issued and outstanding held by 846 persons, (ii)   3,334   Series B Units issued and outstanding held by Bunge, and (iii)   1,000   Series C Units issued and outstanding held by ICM.  We do not have any established trading market for its units, nor is one contemplated.  However, we do provide access to a Qualified Matching Service for our members, which provides a system for limited transfers of our Units.   
  To date, we have made distributions totaling $17.7 millionto our members, with distributions during Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 in the amount of $3.4 million and $13.3 million, respectively; however, we cannot be certain if or when we will be able to make additional distributions.  Further, our ability to make distributions is restricted under the terms of the Credit Agreement. 
   
  Item 6.     Selected Financial Data. 
  The following table presents selected financial and operating data as of the dates and for the periods indicated. The selected balance sheet financial data for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the selected income statement data and other financial data for such years have been derived from the audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. You should read the following table in conjunction with "Item 7- Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and the financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Among other things, those financial statements include more detailed information regarding the basis of presentation for the following financial data.  

25 

Modified EBITDA 
  Modified EBITDA is defined as net income plus interest expense net of interest income, plus depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, then adjusted for unrealized hedging losses, gain on involuntary conversion, and other non-cash credits and charges to net income.  Modified EBITDA is not required by or presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (   GAAP   ), and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating income or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP, or as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or as a measure of our liquidity. 
  We present Modified EBITDA because we consider it to be an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and it is considered by our management and Board of Directors as an important operating metric in their assessment of our performance. 
  We believe Modified EBITDA allows us to better compare our current operating results with corresponding historical periods and with the operational performance of other companies in our industry because it does not give effect to potential differences caused by variations in capital structures (affecting relative interest expense, including the impact of write-offs of deferred financing costs when companies refinance their indebtedness), the amortization of intangibles (affecting relative amortization expense), unrealized hedging losses and other items that are unrelated to underlying operating performance.  We also present Modified EBITDA because we believe it is frequently used by securities analysts and investors as a measure of performance.   There are a number of material limitations to the use of Modified EBITDA as an analytical tool, including the following: 
             
    Modified EBITDA does not reflect our interest expense or the cash requirements to pay our interest.  Because we have borrowed money to finance our operations, interest expense is a necessary element of our costs and our ability to generate profits and cash flows.  Therefore, any measure that excludes interest expense may have material limitations. 
                
    Although depreciation and amortization are non-cash expenses in the period recorded, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and Modified EBITDA does not reflect the cash requirements for such replacement.   Because we use capital assets, depreciation and amortization expense is a necessary element of our costs and ability to generate profits.  Therefore, any measure that excludes depreciation and amortization expense may have material limitations. 
       
  We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP financial measures and by using Modified EBITDA only as supplemental information.  We believe that consideration of Modified EBITDA, together with a careful review of our GAAP financial measures, is the most informed method of analyzing our operations.  Because Modified EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP and is susceptible to varying calculations, Modified EBITDA, as presented,  
  
   26 

may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.  The following table provides a reconciliation of Modified EBITDA to net income: 

Item 7.   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 
  General Overview and Recent Developments 
  The following discussion and analysis provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements included herewith and notes to the financial statements thereto and the risk factors contained herein. 
   
  The Company is an Iowa limited liability company located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, formed in March, 2005.  The Company operates a 125 million gallon capacity ethanol plant.  We began producing ethanol in February, 2009 and sell our ethanol, distillers grains, , and corn oil in the United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim.   
    
  Starting with the 2015 crop year, the Company began exploring using corn containing Syngenta Seeds, Inc. s proprietary Enogen  technology ( Enogen Corn ) for a portion of its ethanol production needs.  The Company contracts directly with growers to produce Enogen Corn for sale to the Company.  Consistent with our Agency Agreement with Bunge, we also entered into a Services Agreement with Bunge regarding corn purchases (the   Services Agreement  ).  Under this agreement, we originate all Enogen Corn contracts for our Facility and Bunge will assist us with certain administrative matters related to Enogen Corn, including facilitating delivery to our Facility. Fiscal year 2016 was our first full year of accepting Enogen, and deliveries constituted 8.7% of all corn deliveries.   
    
  Industry Factors Affecting our Results of Operations 
    
  For   Fiscal 2016   compared to   Fiscal 2015  , the average price per gallon of ethanol sold decreased   10.3%  . This was due to an increased supply of ethanol and reduced prices for crude oil and gasoline prices in   Fiscal 2016   compared to   Fiscal 2015  .  
    
  Management currently believes that despite the substantial ethanol price decreases, the ethanol outlook for the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 will be relatively flat due to the following factors. 

The latest estimates of supply and demand provided by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (the "  USDA  ") estimate the 2016/17 ending corn stocks of 1.7 billion bushels, and forecast a 2016/17 corn supply of 15.1 billion bushels, suggesting lower corn prices into the first half of Fiscal 2017. 

Gasoline demand continues to increase over 2015 levels. The U.S. Energy Information Administration (the "EIA")released in its Short Term Energy Outlook report of August 9, 2016 that US gasoline demand in expected to increase to record levels of ~9.3MMbpd in 2016 and 2017.  This would be the highest annual gasoline consumption on record. 
       
    However, corn prices trended lower most of Fiscal 2016 due to a plentiful 2015 harvest and an increase in national corn stocks although corn prices became more volatile and fluctuated throughout the last quarter of Fiscal 2016. Weather, world supply  
  
   27 

and demand, current and anticipated stocks, agricultural policy and other factors can contribute to volatility in corn prices. If corn prices rise, it will have a negative effect on our operating margins unless the price of ethanol and distillers grains out paces rising corn prices. 
    
  Management anticipates that ethanol prices will continue to change in relation to changes in corn and energy prices. If corn, crude oil and gasoline prices remain low or further decrease, that could have a significant negative impact on the market price of ethanol and our profitability particularly should ethanol stocks remain high. A decline in U.S. ethanol exports due to the premium on the price of ethanol as compared to unleaded gasoline, or other factors may contribute to higher ethanol stocks unless additional demand can be created from other foreign markets or domestically. In addition, the EPA's reduction of the renewable volume obligations set forth in the RFS may limit demand for ethanol negatively impacting ethanol prices. 
    
    In addition, market forces may continue to have a negative impact on distiller grain prices including lower export demand as a result of the an anti-dumping investigation began by the Chinese government on January 12, 2016 into distillers grains produced in the U.S. and the recent imposition by China of anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on U.S. imports. We cannot forecast how much demand from China will come back into the marketplace and distillers grains prices could remain low unless additional demand can be created from other foreign markets or domestically. Domestic demand for distillers grains could also remain low if corn prices decline and end-users switch to lower priced alternatives. 

Results of Operations 
  The following table shows our results of operations, stated as a percentage of revenue for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  . 

Revenues 
    
  Our revenue from operations is derived from three primary sources: sales of ethanol, distillers grains, and corn oil.  The following chart displays statistical information regarding our revenues. The   decrease   in revenue from   Fiscal 2015   to   Fiscal 2016   was due to the average price per gallon of ethanol   decreasing   by approximately   10.3%   in   Fiscal 2016   as compared to   Fiscal 2015   (which decrease was partially offset by a   3.8%     increase   in the volume of ethanol sold during   Fiscal 2016   over   Fiscal 2015  ) and a   decrease   in the  average price per ton of distillers grains of approximately   13.6%  .  Corn oil revenue also   decreased     4.3%   in   Fiscal 2016   compared to   Fiscal 2015   due to a   decrease     8.1%   in the price of corn oil received as compared to the price of corn oil received during   Fiscal 2015  . 
    
    The decrease in the price of ethanol was due in part to higher domestic stocks resulting from increased ethanol production which production levels exceeded the strong domestic consumption and export demand experienced during the last two quarters of our 2016 fiscal year. In addition, because ethanol prices are typically directionally consistent with changes in corn and energy prices, lower corn, crude oil and gasoline prices throughout the fiscal year had a negative effect on ethanol price  s. 
  
   28 

This decline in the market price of distillers grains resulted principally from lower domestic and export demand during the Fiscal 2016 as compared to Fiscal 2015 resulted in a decline in the price of distillers grains as a percentage of corn values. 
    
    During most of Fiscal 2016, corn oil prices were adversely impacted by the oversupply of soybeans and the resulting lower price of soybean oil which competes with corn oil, primarily for biodiesel production, which resulted in decreased demand for corn oil. However, the price of corn oil increased towards the end of Fiscal 2016. Although management believes that corn oil prices will remain relatively steady at the increased price levels, prices may decrease again if there is an oversupply of corn oil production resulting from increased production rates at ethanol plants or if biodiesel producers begin to utilize lower-priced alternatives such as soybean oil again unless an alternative demand for corn oil can be found. 

Cost of Goods Sold 
    
  Our cost of goods sold as a percentage of our revenues was   95.0%   and   90.1%   for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively, due to the average price per gallon of ethanol   decreasing   by approximately   10.3%   in   Fiscal 2016   as compared to   Fiscal 2015  .  Our two primary costs of producing ethanol and distillers grains are corn and energy, with steam and natural gas as our primary energy sources.   Cost of goods sold also includes net (gains) or losses from derivatives and hedging relating to corn.   Material costs decreased as a result of the average price of corn used in ethanol production per bushel   decreasing     1.3%   in   Fiscal 2016   from   2015  .  Corn used in ethanol production   decreased   by   0.2%   in   Fiscal 2016   from   2015  .  
  Realized and unrealized (gains) or losses related to our derivatives and hedging related to corn resulted in an   increase   of   $0.5 million   in our cost of goods sold for   Fiscal 2016  , compared to an   decrease   of   $0.5 million   in our cost of goods sold for   Fiscal 2015  .  We recognize the gains or losses that result from the changes in the value of our derivative instruments related to corn in cost of goods sold as the changes occur.  As corn prices fluctuate, the value of our derivative instruments are impacted, which affects our financial performance.  We anticipate continued volatility in our cost of goods sold due to the timing of the changes in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged.  
   Our average steam and natural gas energy cost   decreased     24.2%   per MMBTU comparing   Fiscal 2016   to   Fiscal 2015  , respectively. Variable production expenses showed a decrease when comparing   Fiscal 2016   to   Fiscal 2015   due to the decrease in energy costs resulting from the lower average cost per MMBTU of steam and natural gas, and lower cost of chemicals. Fixed production expenses  were lower  when comparing   Fiscal 2016   to   Fiscal 2015   due to lower repair and maintenance expense somewhat offset by higher railcar lease expense . 
  General   Administrative Expense 
    
  Our general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were   2.1%   for   Fiscal 2016   and   2.0%   for   Fiscal 2015  .  General and administrative expenses include salaries and benefits of administrative employees, professional fees and other general administrative costs.  Our general and administrative expenses for   Fiscal 2016     decreased     5.3%   compared to   Fiscal 2015  .  The   decrease   in general and administrative expenses from   Fiscal 2015   to   Fiscal 2016   is due to a decrease in sales tax expense and professional fees , somewhat offset by an increase in salary expense. 
  Other Expense 
    
  Our other expenses were approximately   $1.5 million   and   $5.3 million   for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and were approximately   0.7%   and   2.2%   of our revenues for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The majority of this decrease in other expenses was a result in   Fiscal 2015   of a    $4.7 million   loss on debt extinguishment, a   Fiscal 2016   $0.5M  lower  change to the  
  
   29 

ICM put option valuation, a   Fiscal 2016     $0.5 million   reduction in interest expense, offset by the 2015 one time settlement of $2.1M  on the involuntary conversion resulting from the repairs on the  steam line.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had a cash balance of   $3.1 million  ,   $26.6 million   available under the term revolver and working capital of   $9.3 million  . 
  In June 2014, the Company entered into a $66.0 million Senior Credit Agreement (the    Credit Agreement   ) with Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA (   FCSA   ) and CoBank, ACB, as cash management provider and agent (   CoBank   ).  The proceeds of the Credit Agreement were used to refinance senior bank debt previously outstanding and scheduled to mature in August 2014. The Credit Agreement provides us with a term loan of $30 million, due in 2019, and a revolving term loan of $36 million, due in 2023. The interest rate on the Credit Agreement is LIBOR plus 3.35%.  The Credit Agreement resulted in a significantly lower interest rate than under the prior credit facility. The Company s Term Loan and Revolving Term loan requires it to comply with specified financial covenants related to minimum local net worth, minimum current working capital, a minimum debt service coverage ratio and limitation on unit holder distributions. The Company was in compliance with these covenants at September 30, 2016. 
  In June, 2014, we amended and restated certain subordinated term loan notes we previously had issued to Bunge and ICM (the  Restated Subordinated Notes ).   On December 22, 2014, the Company paid in full to Bunge and ICM the entire amount of subordinated debt and accrued interest outstanding under these Restated Subordinated Notes.   
    
  We expect the prices of our primary input (corn) and our principal products (ethanol and distillers grains)  to remain stable in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017, given the relative prices of these commodities and the operations of our risk management program in the quarter.  We therefore currently believe that our operating margins in the first quarter of Fiscal 2017 will be similar  to our operating margins in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2016.  We expect that in the last three quarters of Fiscal 2017 our margins will be steady if ethanol and corn prices maintain their stability. 
   
  Primary Working Capital Needs 
  Cash provided by operations for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015   was   $12.3 million   and   $32.9 million  , respectively.  This change is primarily a result of an increase in accounts receivable and a reduction in net income.  For   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was (  $4.6 million  ) and   $0.1 million  , respectively, primarily for fixed asset additions, net of proceeds from the property insurance claim.  For   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , net cash flows from  financing activities was   $7.5 million   and   $39.2 million  , respectively due to slower notes payments and lower distribution payments to members.  
       
  We believe that our existing sources of liquidity, including cash on hand, available revolving credit and cash provided by operating activities, will satisfy our projected liquidity requirements, which primarily consists of working capital requirements, for the next twelve months. However, in the event that the market experiences significant price volatility and negative crush margins at or in excess of the levels experienced in previous years, we may be required to explore alternative methods to meet our short-term liquidity needs including temporary shutdowns of operations, temporary reductions in our production levels, or negotiating short-term concessions from our lenders.    

Commodity Price Risk  
  Our operations are highly dependent on commodity prices, especially prices for corn, ethanol and distillers grains and the spread between them ( the "crush margin"). As a result of price volatility for these commodities, our operating results may fluctuate substantially. The price and availability of corn are subject to significant fluctuations depending upon a number of factors that affect commodity prices in general, including crop conditions, weather, governmental programs and foreign purchases. We may experience increasing costs for corn and natural gas and decreasing prices for ethanol and distillers grains which could significantly impact our operating results. Because the market price of ethanol is not directly related to corn prices, ethanol producers are generally not able to compensate for increases in the cost of corn through adjustments in prices for ethanol.  We continue to monitor corn and ethanol prices and manage the "crush margin" to  affect our longer-term profitability. 
  We enter into various derivative contracts with the primary objective of managing our exposure to adverse price movements in the commodities used for, and produced in, our business operations and, to the extent we have working capital available and  
  
   30 

available market conditions are appropriate, we engage in hedging transactions which involve risks that could harm our business. We measure and review our net commodity positions on a daily basis.  Our daily net agricultural commodity position consists of inventory, forward purchase and sale contracts, over-the-counter and exchange traded derivative instruments.  The effectiveness of our hedging strategies is dependent upon the cost of commodities and our ability to sell sufficient products to use all of the commodities for which we have futures contracts.  Although we actively manage our risk and adjust hedging strategies as appropriate, there is no assurance that our hedging activities will successfully reduce the risk caused by market volatility which may leave us vulnerable to high commodity prices. Alternatively, we may choose not to engage in hedging transactions in the future. As a result, our future results of operations and financial conditions may also be adversely affected during periods in which  price changes in corn, ethanol and distillers grain to not work in our favor. 
  In addition, as described above, hedging transactions expose us to the risk of counterparty non-performance where the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract or, in the case of over-the-counter or exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the price of the commodity underlying the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us for the physical commodity bought or sold.  We have, from time to time, experienced instances of counterparty non-performance but losses incurred in these situations were not significant. 
  Although we believe our hedge positions accomplish an economic hedge against our future purchases and sales, management has chosen not to use hedge accounting, which would match any gain or loss on our hedge positions to the specific commodity purchase being hedged.  We are using fair value accounting for our hedge positions, which means as the current market price of our hedge positions changes, the realized or unrealized gains and losses are immediately recognized in the current period (commonly referred to as the  mark to market  method). The immediate recognition of hedging gains and losses under fair value accounting can cause net income to be volatile from quarter to quarter due to the timing of the change in value of the derivative instruments relative to the cost and use of the commodity being hedged.  As corn prices move in reaction to market trends and information, our income statement will be affected depending on the impact such market movements have on the value of our derivative instruments.  Depending on market movements, crop prospects and weather, our hedging strategies may cause immediate adverse effects, but are expected to produce long-term positive impact. 
  In the event we do not have sufficient working capital to enter into hedging strategies to manage our commodities price risk, we may be forced to purchase our corn and market our ethanol at spot prices and as a result, we could be further exposed to market volatility and risk. However, during the past year, the spot market has been advantageous. 
   
  Credit and Counterparty Risks 
  Through our normal business activities, we are subject to significant credit and counterparty risks that arise through normal commercial sales and purchases, including forward commitments to buy and sell, and through various other over-the-counter (OTC) derivative instruments that we utilize to manage risks inherent in our business activities.  We define credit and counterparty risk as a potential financial loss due to the failure of a counterparty to honor its obligations.  The exposure is measured based upon several factors, including unpaid accounts receivable from counterparties and unrealized gains (losses) from OTC derivative instruments (including forward purchase and sale contracts).   We actively monitor credit and counterparty risk through credit analysis (by our marketing agent).  
   
  Impact of Hedging Transactions on Liquidity 
  Our operations and cash flows are highly impacted by commodity prices, including prices for corn, ethanol, distillers grains and natural gas. We attempt to reduce the market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices through the use of derivative instruments, including forward corn contracts and over-the-counter exchange-traded futures and option contracts. Our liquidity position may be positively or negatively affected by changes in the underlying value of our derivative instruments. When the value of our open derivative positions decrease, we may be required to post margin deposits with our brokers to cover a portion of the decrease or we may require significant liquidity with little advanced notice to meet margin calls. Conversely, when the value of our open derivative positions increase, our brokers may be required to deliver margin deposits to us for a portion of the increase.  We continuously monitor and manage our derivative instruments portfolio and our exposure to margin calls and while we believe we will continue to maintain adequate liquidity to cover such margin calls from operating results and borrowings, we cannot estimate the actual availability of funds from operations or borrowings for hedging transactions in the future. 
  The effects, positive or negative, on liquidity resulting from our hedging activities tend to be mitigated by offsetting changes in cash prices in our business. For example, in a period of rising corn prices, gains resulting from long grain derivative positions would generally be offset by higher cash prices paid to farmers and other suppliers in local corn markets. These offsetting changes do not always occur, however, in the same amounts or in the same period. 
  
   31 

We expect that a $1.00 per bushel fluctuation in market prices for corn would impact our cost of goods sold by approximately $44.1 million, or $0.35 per gallon, assuming our plant operates at 100% of our capacity assuming no increase in the price of ethanol.  We expect the annual impact to our results of operations due to a $0.50 decrease in ethanol prices will result in approximately a $62.5 million decrease in revenue. 
   
  Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  Note 2 to our financial statements contains a summary of our significant accounting policies, many of which require the use of estimates and assumptions.  Accounting estimates are an integral part of the preparation of financial statements and are based upon management s current judgment.  We used our knowledge and experience about past events and certain future assumptions to make estimates and judgments involving matters that are inherently uncertain and that affect the carrying value of our assets and liabilities.  We believe that of our significant accounting policies, the following are noteworthy because changes in these estimates or assumptions could materially affect our financial position and results of operations: 

Revenue Recognition 
       
  The Company sells ethanol and related products pursuant to marketing agreements.  Revenues are recognized when the marketing company has taken title to the product, prices are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  
  The Company s products are generally shipped FOB loading point, and recorded as a sale upon delivery of the applicable bill of lading.  The Company s ethanol sales are handled through an ethanol purchase agreement (the    Ethanol Agreement   ) with Bunge North America, Inc. (   Bunge   ).  Syrup and distillers grains  (co-products) are sold through a distillers grains agreement (the    DG Agreement   ) with Bunge, based on market prices. The Company markets and distributes all of the corn oil it produces directly to end users at market prices.   Carbon dioxide is sold through a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement (the    CO2 Agreemen  t ) with Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. ( Air Products ).  Marketing fees, agency fees, and commissions due to the marketer are calculated separately from the settlement for the sale of the ethanol products and co-products and are included as a component of cost of goods sold.  Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the sale of ethanol and co-products are included in cost of goods sold. 
             
    Investment in Commodities Contracts, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
       
  The Company s operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity prices.  The Company is subject to market risk with respect to the price and availability of corn, the principal raw material used to produce ethanol and ethanol by-products.  Exposure to commodity price risk results from its dependence on corn in the ethanol production process.  In general, rising corn prices result in lower profit margins and, therefore, represent unfavorable market conditions.  This is especially true when market conditions do not allow the Company to pass along increased corn costs to customers.  The availability and price of corn is subject to wide fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather conditions, farmer planting decisions, governmental policies with respect to agriculture and international trade and global demand and supply. 
  To minimize the risk and the volatility of commodity prices, primarily related to corn and ethanol, the Company uses various derivative instruments, including forward corn, ethanol and distillers grains purchase and sales contracts, over-the-counter and exchange-trade futures and option contracts.  When the Company has sufficient working capital available, it enters into derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to price risk related to forecasted corn needs and forward corn purchase contracts.   
  Management has evaluated the Company s contracts to determine whether the contracts are derivative instruments. Certain contracts that literally meet the definition of a derivative may be exempted from derivative accounting as normal purchases or normal sales.  Normal purchases and normal sales are contracts that provide for the purchase or sale of something other than a financial instrument or derivative instrument that will be delivered in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business.   Gains and losses on contracts that are designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts are not recognized until quantities are delivered or utilized in production. 
  The Company applies the normal purchase and sale exemption to forward contracts relating to ethanol and distillers grains and solubles and therefore these forward contracts are not marked to market. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was committed to sell   12.2 million   gallons of ethanol,   50.5 thousand   tons of dried distillers grains,    60.4 thousand    tons of wet distillers grains and   2.9 million   pounds of corn oil. 
  Corn purchase contracts are treated as derivative financial instruments.  Changes in fair value of forward corn contracts, which are marked to market each period, are included in costs of goods sold.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was committed to purchasing   2.9 million   bushels of corn on a forward contract basis resulting in a total commitment of   $10.6 million  .   In addition the Company was committed to purchasing   614.2 thousand   bushels of corn using basis contracts.  
  
   32 

In addition, the Company enters into short-term cash, options and futures contracts as a means of managing exposure to changes in commodity prices.  The Company enters into derivative contracts to hedge the exposure to volatile commodity price fluctuations.  The Company maintains a risk management strategy that uses derivative instruments to minimize significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by market volatility.  The Company s specific goal is to protect itself from large moves in commodity costs.  All derivatives are designated as non-hedge derivatives and the contracts will be accounted for at fair value.  Although the contracts will be effective economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated as and accounted for as hedging instruments.     
             
    Inventory 
     Inventory is valued at the lower of weighted average cost or net realizable value.  In the valuation of inventories and purchase commitments, net realizable value is defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. 

Put Option liability.  
     The put option liability consists of an agreement between the Company and ICM that contains a conditional obligation to repurchase feature. In accordance with accounting for put options as a liability, the Company calculated the fair value of the put option under Level 3, using a valuation model called the Monte Carlo Simulation. Using this model, the estimated value  at    September 30, 2016    was $  6.1 million  .  
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We do not have any off balance sheet arrangements. 
   
  Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
  Not applicable. 

33 

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.  
   
  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Members 
  Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC  
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related statements of operations, members  equity, and cash flows for years then ended.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financing reporting.  Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  Accordingly, we express no opinion.  An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
  /s/ RSM US LLP  
  Des Moines, Iowa 
  December 16, 2016 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INFORMATION 

Property acquired through issuance of note payable 
    $ 

$ 
    4,728 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for interest 
    $ 
    1,346 

$ 
    1,851 
      
      See Notes to Financial Statements 

39 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 
  Notes to Financial Statements 
  September 30, 2016 

Note 1:  Nature of Business 
  Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the    Company   ), located in Council Bluffs, Iowa, was formed in March 2005,  operates a   125 million   gallon capacity ethanol plant and began producing ethanol in February 2009.  The Company sold   124.5 million   gallons and   119.9 million   gallons of ethanol in   Fiscal 2016   and    Fiscal 2015  , respectively.  The Company sells its ethanol distillers grains, corn syrup, and corn oil in the continental United States, Mexico and the Pacific Rim. 

Note 2:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 
  Financing Costs 
  Financing costs associated with the Credit Agreement Facility are recorded at cost and include expenditures directly related to securing debt financing.  The Company amortizes financing costs using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt. 
  Concentration of Credit Risk 
  The Company s cash balances are maintained in bank deposit accounts which at times may exceed federally-insured limits.  The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 
  Revenue Recognition 
  The Company sells ethanol and related products pursuant to marketing agreements.  Revenues are recognized when the marketing company has taken title to the product, prices are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured.  
  The Company s products are generally shipped FOB loading point, and recorded as a sale upon delivery of the applicable bill of lading.  The Company s ethanol sales are handled through an ethanol purchase agreement (the    Ethanol Agreement   ) with Bunge North America, Inc. (   Bunge   ).  Syrup and distillers grains  (co-products) are sold through a distillers grains agreement (the    DG Agreement   ) with Bunge, based on market prices. The Company markets and distributes all of the corn oil it produces directly to end users at market prices.   Carbon dioxide is sold through a Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement (the    CO2 Agreemen  t ) with Air Products and Chemicals, Inc., formerly known as EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. ( Air Products ).  Marketing fees, agency fees, and commissions due to the marketer are calculated separately from the settlement for the sale of the ethanol products and co-products and are included as a component of cost of goods sold.  Shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for the sale of ethanol and co-products are included in cost of goods sold. 
  Accounts Receivable 
  Accounts receivable are recorded at original invoice amounts less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a monthly basis.  Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and considering customers  financial condition, credit history and current economic conditions.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , management had determined no allowance is necessary.  Receivables are written off when deemed uncollectable and recoveries of receivables written off are recorded when received. 
  
   40 

Risks and Uncertainties 
  The Company's operating and financial performance is largely driven by the prices at which ethanol is sold and the net expense of corn. The price of ethanol is influenced by factors such as supply and demand, weather, government policies and programs, and unleaded gasoline and the petroleum markets with ethanol selling, in general, for less than gasoline at the wholesale level. Excess ethanol supply in the market, in particular, puts downward pressure on the price of ethanol. The Company's largest cost of production is corn. The cost of corn is generally impacted by factors such as supply and demand, weather, government policies and programs. The Company's risk management program is used to protect against the price volatility of these commodities. 
    
  Investment in Commodities Contracts, Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  The Company s operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in commodity prices.  The Company is subject to market risk with respect to the price and availability of corn, the principal raw material used to produce ethanol and ethanol by-products.  Exposure to commodity price risk results from its dependence on corn in the ethanol production process.  In general, rising corn prices result in lower profit margins and, therefore, represent unfavorable market conditions.  This is especially true when market conditions do not allow the Company to pass along increased corn costs to customers.  The availability and price of corn is subject to wide fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather conditions, farmer planting decisions, governmental policies with respect to agriculture and international trade and global demand and supply. 
  To minimize the risk and the volatility of commodity prices, primarily related to corn and ethanol, the Company uses various derivative instruments, including forward corn, ethanol and distillers grains purchase and sales contracts, over-the-counter and exchange-trade futures and option contracts.  When the Company has sufficient working capital available, it enters into derivative contracts to hedge its exposure to price risk related to forecasted corn needs and forward corn purchase contracts.   
  Management has evaluated the Company s contracts to determine whether the contracts are derivative instruments. Certain contracts that literally meet the definition of a derivative may be exempted from derivative accounting as normal purchases or normal sales.  Normal purchases and normal sales are contracts that provide for the purchase or sale of something other than a financial instrument or derivative instrument that will be delivered in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business.   Gains and losses on contracts that are designated as normal purchases or normal sales contracts are not recognized until quantities are delivered or utilized in production. 
  The Company applies the normal sale exemption to forward contracts relating to ethanol, distillers grains, and corn oil and therefore these forward contracts are not marked to market. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was committed to sell   12.2 million   gallons of ethanol,   50.5 thousand   tons of dried distillers grains,   60.4 thousand    tons of wet distillers grains and   2.9 million   pounds of corn oil. 
  Corn purchase contracts are treated as derivative financial instruments.  Changes in fair value of forward corn contracts, which are marked to market each period, are included in costs of goods sold.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company was committed to purchasing   2.9 million   bushels of corn on a forward contract basis resulting in a total commitment of   $10.6 million  .  In addition the Company was committed to purchasing   614.2 thousand   bushels of corn using basis contracts.  
  In addition, the Company enters into short-term cash, options and futures contracts as a means of managing exposure to changes in commodity prices.  The Company enters into derivative contracts to hedge the exposure to volatile commodity price fluctuations.  The Company maintains a risk management strategy that uses derivative instruments to minimize significant, unanticipated earnings fluctuations caused by market volatility.  The Company s specific goal is to protect itself from large moves in commodity costs.  All derivatives are designated as non-hedge derivatives and the contracts will be accounted for at fair value.  Although the contracts are considered effective economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated as or accounted for as hedging instruments. 
  Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments along with cash held by (due to) brokers at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 
  
   41 

The net realized and unrealized gains and losses on the Company s derivative contracts for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   consist of the following: 

Inventory 
  Inventory is stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value In the valuation of inventories and purchase commitments, net realizable value is defined as estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. 
  Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives: 

Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred; major improvements are capitalized. 
  Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset group may not be recoverable.   An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from operations are less than the carrying value of the asset group.  An impairment loss would be measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Management has determined there were no events or changes in circumstances that required an impairment evaluation during   Fiscal 2016   or   Fiscal 2015  . 
  Income Taxes 
  The Company has elected to be treated as a partnership for federal and state income tax purposes and generally does not incur income taxes.  Instead, the Company s earnings and losses are included in the income tax returns of the members.  Therefore, no provision or liability for federal or state income taxes has been included in these financial statements. 
  
   42 

Management has evaluated the Company s tax positions under the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued guidance on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes and concluded that the Company has taken no uncertain tax positions that require adjustment to the financial statements to comply with the provisions of this guidance.   
  Debt Modification Accounting    
    
  The Company evaluates amendments to its debt in accordance with ASC 540-50   Debt - Modification and Extinguishments   for modification and extinguishment accounting. This evaluation included comparing the net present value of cash flows of the new debt to the old debt to determine if changes greater than   10 percent   occurred. In instances, where the net present value of future cash flows changed more than 10 percent, the Company applies extinguishment accounting and determines the fair value of its debt based on factors available to the Company. 
    
  Fair value of financial instruments 
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, derivative financial instruments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and  accrued expenses approximate fair value due to the short term nature of these instruments.   
  Put Option liability. The put option liability consists of an agreement between the Company and ICM that contains a conditional obligation to repurchase feature. In accordance with accounting for put options as a liability, the Company calculated the fair value of the put option under Level 3, using a valuation model called the Monte Carlo Simulation. Using this model, the estimated value at    September 30, 2016   and 2015 was   $6.1 million   and   $5.6 million  , respectively.  
  The carrying amount of the notes payable approximates fair value, as the interest rate is a floating rate.  The terms are consistent with those available in the market as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, using level 3 inputs. 
  Income Per Unit 
  Basic income per unit is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average units outstanding for each period. Diluted income per unit is adjusted for convertible debt, using the treasury stock method and the put option using the reverse treasury stock method. The put option does not impact diluted income per unit as it is anti-dilutive. Basic earnings and diluted per unit data were computed as follows (in thousands except per unit data): 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  Revenue Recognition 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which supersedes all existing revenue recognition requirements, including most industry-specific guidance. The new standard requires a company to recognize revenue when it transfers goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that the company expects to receive for those goods or services. The new standard will be effective for us on October 1, 2018. We are currently evaluating the potential impact that Topic 606 may have on our financial position and results of operations. 
  
   43 

Leases 
    In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02 "Leases  ("ASU 2016-02"). ASU 2016-02 requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for all leases greater than one year in duration and classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and for interim periods within that fiscal year. 
    Interest - Imputation of Interest 
    In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU number 2015-03 that simplifies the presentation of debt issuance costs and requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the statement of financial position as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. ASU 2015-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and for interim periods within those fiscal years. 

Note 3:  Inventory 
  Inventory is comprised of the following at: 

Note 4:   Members  Equity 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015   outstanding member units were: 

The Series A, B and C unit holders all vote on certain matters with equal rights.  The Series C unit holders as a group have the right to elect one Board member.  The Series B unit holders as a group have the right to elect the number of Board members which bears the same proportion to the total number of Directors in relation to Series B outstanding units to total outstanding units. Based on this calculation, the Series B unit holders have the right to elect two Board members.  Series A unit holders as a group have the right to elect the four remaining Directors not elected by the Series C and B unit holders. 

Note 5:   Revolving Loan/Credit Agreements 
  FCSA/CoBank  
  During Fiscal 2014, the Company entered into a credit agreement with Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA ( FCSA ) and CoBank, ACB, as cash management provider and agent ( CoBank ) which provides the Company with a term loan in the amount of   $30,000,000   (the  Term Loan ) and a revolving term loan in the amount of up to   $36,000,000   (the  Revolving Term  
  
   44 

Loan ", and together with the Term Loan, the  FCSA Credit Facility ). The FCSA Credit Facility is secured by a security interest on all of the Company s assets.  
    
  The Term Loan provides for payments by the Company to FCSA of quarterly installments of   $1,500,000  , which began on December 20, 2014 with a maturity date of September 20, 2019. The Revolving Term Loan has a maturity date of June 1, 2023 and requires annual reductions in principal availability of   $6,000,000   commencing on June 1, 2020. Under the FCSA Credit Facility, the Company has the right to select from the several LIBOR based interest rate options with respect to each of the Term Loan and the Revolving Term Loan. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   $27.4 million   outstanding under the FCSA Credit Facility, with   $26.6 million    available under the Revolving Term Loan. 

Bunge 
    
    Effective June 23, 2014, the Company amended and restated its Subordinated Term Loan Note by and between the Company and Bunge (the   Bunge Term Loan Note  ). On December 22, 2014, the Company paid in full to Bunge the entire   $19.9 million   of subordinated debt then outstanding to Bunge under the Bunge Term Loan Note. Interest on the Bunge subordinated debt was   none   and   $0.3 million   for the Fiscal 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 
    
  ICM 
    
    Effective June 23, 2014, the Company amended and restated its Subordinated Term Loan Note by and between the Company and ICM, Inc. (the   ICM Term Loan Note  ). On December 22, 2014, the Company paid in full to ICM the entire   $6.8 million   of subordinated debt then outstanding to ICM under the ICM Term Loan Note. Interest on the ICM subordinated debt was   none   and   $0.1 million   for the Fiscal 2016 and 2015 , respectively. 

Note 6: Notes Payable 

45 

Approximate aggregate maturities of notes payable as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in 000's):   

46 

Note 7:  Fair Value Measurement 
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  In determining fair value, the Company used various methods including market, income and cost approaches.  Based on these approaches, the Company often utilized certain assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and/or the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique.  These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable inputs.  The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  Based on the observable inputs used in the valuation techniques, the Company is required to provide the following information according to the fair value hierarchy. 
  The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of the information used to determine fair values.  Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value will be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 
           Level 1 - 
    Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in active markets from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving identical assets or liabilities. 
              Level 2 - 
    Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in less active dealer or broker markets.  Valuations are obtained from third-party pricing services for identical or similar assets or liabilities. 
              Level 3 - 
    Valuations incorporate certain assumptions and projections in determining the fair value assigned to such assets or liabilities. 
     A description of the valuation methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, including the general classifications of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set below. 
    Put Option liability  . The put option liability consists of an agreement between the Company and ICM that contains a conditional obligation to repurchase feature. In accordance with accounting for put options as a liability, the Company calculated the fair value of the put option under Level 3, using a valuation model called the Monte Carlo Simulation. .  
    Derivative financial statements  .  Commodity futures and exchange traded options are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs. For these contracts, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes and live trading levels from the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (   CME   ) market.  Ethanol contracts are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs from third-party pricing services.  Forward purchase contracts are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs.   For these contracts, the Company obtains fair value measurements from local grain terminal values.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include live trading bids from local elevators and processing plants which are based off the CME market. 
  The following table summarizes financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , categorized by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy: (dollars in '000s) 
  
   47 

The following table summarizes the assumptions used in computing the fair value of the put option subject to fair value: 

The following table reflects the activity for liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Note 8:   Incentive Compensation 
  The Company has an equity incentive plan which provides that the Board of Directors may make awards of equity appreciation units (   EAU   ) and equity participation units (   EPU   ) and to employees from time to time, subject to vesting provisions as determined for each award. There are no EAUs outstanding. The EPUs are valued in accordance with the agreement which is based on the book value per unit of the Company. The Company had   64.3  unvested EPUs outstanding under this plan as of   September 30, 2016  , which will vest   three   years from the dates of the awards.   
  During the   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , the Company recorded compensation expense related to this plan of approximately   $191,000   and   $131,000  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company had a liability of approximately   $502,000    
  
   48 

and   $311,000  , respectively, recorded within accrued expenses on the balance sheet. The incentive compensation expense to be recognized in future periods at September 30, 2016 and 2015 was   $215,000   and   $153,000  , respectively. 
   
  Note 9:   Related Party Transactions and Major Customers 
  Related Party Transactions 
  Bunge 
  On December 5, 2014, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement (the    Ethanol Agreement   ) with Bunge.  Under the Ethanol Agreement, the Company has agreed to sell Bunge all of the ethanol produced by the Company, and Bunge has agreed to purchase the same.  The Company will pay Bunge a percentage fee for ethanol sold by Bunge, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee.  The initial term of the Ethanol Agreement expires on December 31, 2019, however it will automatically renew for one   five  -year term unless Bunge provides the Company with notice of election to terminate. The Company has incurred ethanol marketing expenses of   $1.5 million   and   $1.4 million   during    Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively, under the Ethanol Agreement. 
  On June 26, 2009, the Company executed a Railcar Agreement with Bunge for the lease of   325   ethanol cars and   300   hopper cars which are used for the delivery and marketing of ethanol and distillers grains (in 2016, the number of hopper cars was reduced to   298  ).  Under the Railcar Agreement, the Company leases railcars for terms lasting   120 months   and continuing on a month to month basis thereafter.  The Railcar Agreement will terminate upon the expiration of all railcar leases.  Expenses under this agreement were   $5.1 million   and   $3.2 million   for the   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , net of subleases and accretion, respectively.  The Company entered into a   one   year sublease for   147   hoppers with Bunge that expired September 14, 2015 .  The Company has subleased another   92   hopper cars to unrelated third parties,  which expires March 25, 2019.  The Company continues to work with Bunge to determine the need for ethanol and hopper cars in light of current market conditions, and the expected conditions in 2016 and beyond.  The Company believes we will be able to fully utilize our fleet of hopper cars in the future, to allow us to cost-effectively ship distillers grains to distant markets, primarily the export markets. 
  On December 5, 2014, the Company and Bunge entered into an Amended and Restated Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement (the     DG Purchase Agreement    ).  Under the DG Purchase Agreement, Bunge will purchase all distiller s grains produced by the Company, and will receive a fee based on the net sale price of distillers grains, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee.  The initial term of the DG Purchase Agreement expires on December 31, 2019  and will automatically renew for one additional   five   year term unless Bunge provides notice of election to the Company to terminate. The Company has incurred distiller's grains marketing expenses of   $1.3 million   and   $1.4 million   during   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  . 
  The Company and Bunge also entered into an Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement on December 5, 2014 (the     Agency Agreement    ).  The Agency Agreement provides that Bunge will procure corn for the Company, the Company will pay Bunge a per bushel fee, subject to a minimum and maximum annual fee.  The initial term of the Agency Agreement expires on December 31, 2019 and will automatically renew for one additional   five   year term unless Bunge provides notice of election to the Company to terminate.  Expenses for corn procurement by Bunge were   $0.7 million   and   $0.9 million   for the fiscal years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The Company has  outstanding corn contracts of   258 thousand   bushels with a   $900 thousand   liability  as of September 30, 2016, and   271 thousand   bushels with a   $1.1 million   liability as of September 30, 2015 in Derivative financial instruments liability on the balance sheet. 
  Starting with the 2015 crop year, the Company is using corn containing Syngenta Seeds, Inc. s proprietary Enogen  technology (    Enogen Corn    ) for a portion of its ethanol production needs.  The Company contracts directly with growers to produce Enogen Corn for sale to the Company.  The Company has contracted  for   33,588    acres of Enogen corn for Fiscal 2017.  Concurrent with the Agency Agreement, the Company and Bunge entered into a Services Agreement regarding corn purchases (the     Services Agreement    ).  Under this agreement, the Company originates all Enogen Corn contracts for its facility and Bunge assists the Company with certain administrative matters related to Enogen Corn, including facilitating delivery to the facility.  The Company pays Bunge a per bushel service fee.  The initial term of the Services Agreement expires on December 31, 2019 and will automatically renew for one additional   five   year term unless Bunge provides notice of election to the Company to terminate. Expenses under the Services Agreement are included as part of the Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement discussed above. 
   The Company and Bunge executed a letter agreement (the     Letter Agreement    ) on December 5, 2014, terminating the Corn Oil Agency Agreement dated as of November 12, 2010 (the "  Corn Oil Agency Agreement  ") by and between the Company and Bunge and the Risk Management Services Agreement by and between the Company and Bunge dated as of December 15, 2008. Expenses under this the terminated Corn Oil Agency Agreement were   $0 thousand   and   $67 thousand   for Fiscal    2015  , respectively. 
  
   49 

ICM       
  In connection with the payoff of the ICM subordinated debt, the Company entered into the SIRE ICM Unit Agreement dated December 17, 2014 (the     Unit Agreement    ).  Under the Unit Agreement, the Company granted ICM the right to sell to the Company its   1,000   Series C and   18   Series A Membership Units (the     ICM Units    ) commencing anytime during the earliest of  several alternative dates and events at the greater of   $10,897   per unit or the fair market value (as defined in the agreement) on the date of exercise.  The Company recorded a liability of   $5.6 million   (included in long-term liabilities) in 2015, and recorded an additional expense of   $460 thousand   in   Fiscal 2016   in conjunction with this put right under the Unit Agreement (the "Loss from debt extinguishment" and the "Change in fair value of put option liability" ).   See Note 7 Fair Value Measurement,   for the terms of this agreement. 
       
  Major Customers 
  The Company is party to the Ethanol Agreement and the Distillers Grain Purchase Agreement with Bunge for the exclusive marketing, selling, and distributing of all of the ethanol and distillers grains produced by the Company.  The Company has expensed   $2.8 million   and   $2.9 million   in marketing fees under these agreements for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Revenues with this customer were   $214.5 million   and   $232.2 million  , respectively, for   Fiscal 2016   and   2015  .   Trade accounts receivable due from Bunge were   $13.1 million   and   $3.4 million   as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
  
   50 

Note 10:   Involuntary Conversion 
  T  he Company experienced property damage to the steam supply line and associated support bridge in June 2014. The damages were covered by the Company s property insurance policy.  Business interruption insurance was available but the Company was able to utilize its package boilers to avoid a business interruption. In July 2015 the insurance settlement was substantially complete at which time the equipment with a net book value of   $0.9 million   was disposed. Total property insurance proceeds of   $3.0 million   related to the replacement of the steam supply line and support bridge were received in the second and fourth quarters of 2015. The resulting net gain on disposal of damaged assets and property insurance proceeds is recorded as a "Gain on Involuntary Conversion" in the Statement of Operations. 
   
  Note 11:   Commitments 
  The Company has entered into a steam contract with an unrelated party under which the vendor agreed to provide the steam required by the Company, up to   475,000   pounds per hour. The Company agreed to pay a net energy rate for all steam provided under the contract as well as a monthly demand charge. The net energy rate is set for the first three years then adjusted each year beginning on the third anniversary date.  The steam contract was renewed effective January 1, 2013,  and will remain in effect until November 30, 2024.  Expenses under this agreement for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were   $3.7 million   and   $3.1 million  , respectively. 
  The Company leases certain equipment, railcars, vehicles, and operating facilities under non-cancellable operating leases that expire on various dates through 2019.  The future minimum lease payments required under these leases (net of sublease income)  are     $4.8 million   in 2017,    $4.8 million   in 2018, and   $2.0 million   in 2019.  Rent expense (net of sublease income) related to operating leases for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $4.7 million   and   $3.6 million  , respectively. Sublease totals were $743K and $448K, respectively, for 2016 and 2015.   The majority of the future minimum lease payments are due to Bunge.  Future sublease income is due from unrelated third parties. 
   
  Note 12:   Subsequent Event 
    
  On October 7, 2016, a fire occurred in the ethanol load out portion of our plant for tanker trucks.  No other areas of the plant were significantly impacted.  The financial impact to the company is not expected to be significant. 

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
  There are no items to report. 
   
  Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures. 
  The Company s management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer), Brian T. Cahill, along with its Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), Brett L. Frevert, have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the    Exchange Act   ), as of   September 30, 2016  .  The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.   Based upon this review and evaluation, these officers believe that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are presently effective in ensuring that material information related to us is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required by the forms and rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ). 
  The Company s management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financing reporting as of   September 30, 2016  .  In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (the 2013 Framework).  Based on this assessment, the Company s management concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , the Company s integrated controls over financial reporting were effective. 
  This annual report does not include an attestation report on internal controls by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption under Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. 
  
   51 

Item 9B.   Other Information. 
  None. 

PART III 

Item 10.   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for the Company s 2017Annual Meeting of Members (the  2017 Proxy Statement ) to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 201  7   Proxy Statement. 

Item 11.   Executive Compensation. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2017 Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Member Matters. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2017 Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2017 Proxy Statement. 
   
  Item 14.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
  The Information required by this Item is incorporated by reference in the 2017 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 
   
  Item 15.       Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
    
           (a) 
    Documents filed as part of this Report. 
     Balance Sheets 
  Statements of Operations 
  Statements of Members  Equity 
  Statements of Cash Flows 
    
  Notes to Financial Statements 
    
           (b) 
    The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference as set forth below: 
                      2 
      
    Omitted - Inapplicable. 

3(i) 
      
    Articles of Organization, as filed with the Iowa Secretary of State on March 28, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(i) of Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on January 28, 2008). 

4(i) 
      
    Fourth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement dated March 21, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 26, 2014). 

4(ii) 
      
    Unit Transfer Policy, including QMS Manual attached thereto as Appendix 1 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(v) of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on October 19, 2011). 

9 
      
    Omitted - Inapplicable. 

10.1 
      
    Electric Service Contract dated December 15, 2006 with MidAmerican Energy Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Company on January 28, 2008). 

10.2 
      
    License Agreement dated September 25, 2006 between the Company and ICM, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011).  Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

52 

10.3 
      
    Subordinated Revolving Credit Note made by the Company in favor of Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. dated effective August 26, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 2, 2009). 

10.4 
      
     Amendment to Steam Service Contract by and between the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company dated effective October 3, 2008. Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.5 
      
     Second Amendment to Steam Service Contract by and between the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company dated effective January 1, 2009. Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.6 
      
    Third Amendment to Steam Service Contract by and between the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company dated effective January 1, 2009. Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.7 
      
    Fourth Amendment to Steam Service Contract by and between the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company dated effective December 1, 2009. Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.8 
      
    Amended and Restated Railcar Sublease Agreement dated March 25, 2009 with Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 14, 2009).  Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.9 
      
    Negotiable Subordinated Term Loan Note issued by the Company in favor of ICM, Inc., dated June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.11 
      
    ICM, Inc. Agreement - Equity Matters, by and between ICM, Inc. and the Company, dated as of June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.12 
      
    Subordinated Term Loan Note issued by the Company in favor of Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc., dated June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.13 
      
    Bunge Agreement - Equity Matters by and between the Company and Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. dated effective August 26, 2009. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.72 of Form S-1/A filed by the Company on February 24, 2011) 

10.14 
      
    First Amendment to Bunge Agreement - Equity Matters, by and between Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. and the Company, dated as of June 17, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 23, 2010). 

10.15* 
      
    Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 6, 2010). 

10.16 
      
    Joint Defense Agreement between ICM, Inc. and the Company dated July 13, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on July 16, 2010). 

10.17 
      
    Tricanter Purchase and Installation Agreement by and between ICM, Inc. and the Company dated August 25, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K/A filed by the Company on January 12, 2011). Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.18 
      
    Corn Oil Agency Agreement by and between Bunge North America, Inc. and the Company effective as of November 12, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 30, 2010).  Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

10.19* 
      
    Employment Agreement dated effective January 1, 2012 by and between the Company and Brian T. Cahill. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on January 5, 2012). 

10.20 
      
    First Amendment to Promissory Note dated February 29, 2012 by and between the Company and Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 6, 2012) 

10.21 
      
    Base Contract for Sale and Purchase of Natural Gas between Encore Energy Services, Inc. and the Company effective April 1, 2012.  Portions of this Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 1, 2012). 

10.22 
      
    Confirming Order between Encore Energy Services, Inc. and the Company dated April 25, 2012.  Portions of the Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on May 1, 2012). 

53 

10.23 
      
    Letter Agreement by and between the Company and CFO Systems, LLC dated June 21, 2012. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 22, 2012). 

10.24 
      
    Notice of Assignment of Interests from Bunge N.A. Holdings, Inc. to Bunge North America, Inc. dated September 24, 2012. 
      10.25 
      
    Fifth Amendment to Steam Service Contract by and among the Company and MidAmerican Energy Company named therein dated effective January 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 19, 2013). 

10.26 
      
    Carbon Dioxide Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among the Company and EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. named therein dated effective as of April 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 11, 2013). 
      10.27 
      
    Non-Exclusive CO2 Facility Site Lease Agreement by and among the Company and EPCO Carbon Dioxide Products, Inc. named therein dated effective April 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 11, 2013). 
      10.28 
      
    Credit Agreement by and between the Company, Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA, as Lender and CoBank, ACB as cash management provider and agent dated as of June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.29 
      
    Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.30 
      
    Revolving Term Note by and between the Company and Farm Credit Services of America, FLCA dated as of June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.31 
      
    Subordination Agreement by and between Bunge North America, Inc., ICM Investments, LLC, and CoBank, ACB dated as of June 24, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.32 
      
    Subordinated Term Loan Note by and between the Company and Bunge North American, Inc. dated as of June 23, 2014(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.33 
      
    Intercreditor Agreement by and between Bunge North America, Inc. and ICM Investments, LLC dated as of June 23, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.34 
      
    [Negotiable] Subordinated Term Loan Note by and between the Company and ICM Investments, LLC dated as of June 23, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 30, 2014). 
      10.35 
      
    Amendment No. 1 to Ethanol Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, as Producer, Bunge North America, Inc., as Bunge dated August 29, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on September 5, 2014). 
      10.36 
      
    Amendment No. 2 to Ethanol Purchase Agreement by and between the Company, as Producer, Bunge North America, Inc., as Bunge dated October 31, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on October 31, 2014). 
      10.37 
      
    Amended and Restated Ethanol Purchase Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Ethanol Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
      10.38 
      
    Amended and Restated Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014).  Portions of the Grain Feedstock Agency Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
      10.39 
      
    Amended and Restated Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). Portions of the Distiller s Grain Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
      10.40 
      
    Services Agreement Regarding Corn Purchases dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014).  Portions of the Services Agreement have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
      10.41 
      
    Letter Agreement dated effective December 5, 2014 by and between the Company and Bunge North America, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). 
      10.42 
      
    Waiver and Forbearance Agreement dated effective December 5, 2104, by and between the Company and ICM Investments, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 11, 2014). 
      10.43 
      
    SIRE ICM Unit Agreement by and between the Company and ICM Investments, LLC dated effective as of December 17, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 23, 2014). 

54 

101.XMLXBRL 
      
    Instance Document 

101.XSDXBRL 
      
    Taxonomy Schema 

101.CALXBRL 
      
    Taxonomy Calculation Database 

101.LABXBRL 
      
    Taxonomy Label Linkbase 

101.PREXBRL 
      
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase 

101.DEFXBRL 
      
    Taxonomy Definition Linkbase 

________________________ 
                 * 
    Denotes exhibit that constitutes a management contract, or compensatory plan or arrangement 

** 
    This certification is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference 

55 

SIGNATURES 
    
  In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTHWEST IOWA RENEWABLE ENERGY, LLC 

Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
    /s/ Brian T. Cahill 

Brian T. Cahill, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
    /s/ Brett L. Frevert 

Brett L. Frevert, CFO and Principal Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

56 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sire-2016930ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SIRE 20160930

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13(A)-14(A) 
  (SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION) 

I, Brian T. Cahill, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of  the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f) for the registrant, and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
      
    /s/ Brian T. Cahill 

Brian T. Cahill, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sire-2016930ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 SIRE 20160930

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 17 CFR 240.13(A)-14(A) 
  (SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION) 
    
  I, Brett L. Frevert, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant, as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-(f) for the registrant, and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
       
                       Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
      
    /s/ Brett L. Frevert 

Brett L. Frevert, CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sire-2016930ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SIRE 20160930

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the     Company    ) for the period ended September 30, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the     Report    ), I, Brian T. Cahill, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                       Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
      
    /s/ Brian T. Cahill 

Brian T. Cahill, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sire-2016930ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 SIRE 20160930

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of Southwest Iowa Renewable Energy, LLC (the     Company    ) for the period ended September 30, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the     Report    ), I, Brett L. Frevert, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange  Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                       Date: 
    December 16, 2016 
      
    /s/ Brett L. Frevert 

Brett L. Frevert, CFO 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

