<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161028_10-Q_edgar_data_705432_0000705432-16-000232_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17970510</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197938</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>732443</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6953007</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7823652</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1917397</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000705432-16-000232.hdr.sgml : 20161028
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028144611
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000705432-16-000232
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161028
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHSIDE BANCSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000705432
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				751848732
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12247
		FILM NUMBER:		161958172

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1201 S BECKHAM
		CITY:			TYLER
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9035317111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOBANK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000705432-16-000232.txt : 20161028

10-Q
 1
 sbsi10-qdoc093016.htm

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C.  20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
    
  Commission file number:   0-12247 
  SOUTHSIDE BANCSHARES, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

903-531-7111 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    x      No    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    x      No    o 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                 Large accelerated filer   o 
    Accelerated filer   x 
      Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   o 
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o    No   x 
    
  The number of shares of the issuer s common stock, par value $1.25, outstanding as of   October 24, 2016   was   26,286,033   shares. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
    
                 PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
      
       ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
    1 
       ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
    43 
       ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
    65 
       ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
    66 
      PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION 
      
       ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
    67 
       ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS  
    67 
       ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
    67 
       ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
    67 
       ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
    67 
       ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION  
    67 
       ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS  
    67 
       SIGNATURES  
    68 
       EXHIBIT INDEX  
    69 
      EXHIBIT 31.1   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
      
      EXHIBIT 31.2   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
      
      EXHIBIT 32   CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

Table of Contents  

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

5 

     Table of Contents  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

6 

Table of Contents  

SOUTHSIDE BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.      Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
  In this report, the words  the Company,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to the combined entities of Southside Bancshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  The words  Southside  and  Southside Bancshares  refer to Southside Bancshares, Inc.  The words  Southside Bank  and  the Bank  refer to Southside Bank.   Omni  refers to OmniAmerican Bancorp, Inc., a bank holding company acquired by Southside on December 17, 2014.   SFG  refers to SFG Finance, LLC (formerly Southside Financial Group, LLC), which was a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank that was dissolved in April 2015.   
  The consolidated balance sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders  equity, cash flows and notes to the financial statements for the   three- and nine-  month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are unaudited; in the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement of such financial statements have been included.  Such adjustments consisted only of normal recurring items.  All significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation.  The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) requires the use of management s estimates.  These estimates are subjective in nature and involve matters of judgment.  Actual amounts could differ from these estimates. 
  Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.  In connection with the adoption of ASU 2015-03  Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) - Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,  that requires unamortized debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, our consolidated balance sheet as of   December 31, 2015   reflects a decrease of   $80,000   in other assets and long-term debt. 
  On   May 5, 2016  , our board of directors declared a   5%   stock dividend to common stock shareholders of record as of   May 31, 2016  , which was paid on   June 28, 2016  .  All share data has been adjusted to give retroactive recognition to stock dividends.  
  Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .   
  For a description of our significant accounting and reporting policies, refer to  Note 1- Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies  in our consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The accounting and reporting policies we follow with respect to our derivative instruments and hedging activities are presented below. 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  Derivative financial instruments are carried on the consolidated balance sheets as other assets or other liabilities, as applicable, at estimated fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative financial instrument is determined by whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, further, by the type of hedging relationship.  We present derivative financial instruments at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets on a net basis when a right of offset exists, based on transactions with a single counterparty and any cash collateral paid to and/or received from that counterparty for derivative contracts that are subject to legally enforceable master netting arrangements; however, fair value amounts recognized for derivatives and fair value amounts recognized for the right/obligation to reclaim/return cash collateral are not offset for financial reporting purposes.  
    
  For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges (i.e., hedging the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk), the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings.  The remaining gain or loss on the derivative instrument in excess of the cumulative change in the present value of future cash flows of the hedged item (i.e., the ineffective portion), if any, is recognized in current earnings during the period of change.  For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss is recognized in current earnings during the period of change.  
    
  For derivatives designated as hedging instruments at inception, statistical regression analysis is used at inception and for each reporting period thereafter to assess whether the derivative used has been and is expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item.  All components of each derivative instrument s gain or loss are included  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

in the assessment of hedge effectiveness.  Net hedge ineffectiveness or losses are recorded in  other noninterest income  on the consolidated statements of income. 
    
  Further information on our derivative instruments and hedging activities is included in  Note 10 - Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities.  
  Accounting Pronouncements 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).   ASU 2016-02 requires a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months.  Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease.  However, unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, the new ASU 2016-02 will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-02 on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   ASU 2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-09 requires that all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity instead of a financing activity as currently required under GAAP.  ASU 2016-09 also simplifies accounting for forfeitures by allowing an entity to make an entity-wide accounting policy election either to estimate the number of forfeitures expected to occur or to recognize the effects of forfeitures when they occur in compensation cost.  Additionally, cash paid by an employer when directly withholding shares for tax-withholding purposes should be classified as a financing activity, and to qualify for equity classification, an employer can now withhold up to the maximum statutory tax rate instead of the minimum statutory tax rate as currently required by GAAP. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-09 is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing.   ASU 2016-10 clarifies certain aspects of ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  related to (i) identifying performance obligations and (ii) the licensing implementation guidance.  ASU 2016-10 is effective concurrently with ASU 2014-09 which we are required to adopt in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through cumulative adjustment.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-10 on our consolidated financial statements and we have not yet identified which transition method will be applied upon adoption. 
    
  In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients.   ASU 2016-12 clarifies ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  guidance on (i) assessing collectability, (ii) presenting sales tax, (iii) measuring non-cash consideration and (iv) certain transition matters.  ASU 2016-12 is effective concurrently with ASU 2014-09 which we are required to adopt in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018.  Early adoption is permitted.  The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through cumulative adjustment.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-12 on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.   ASU 2016-13 introduces an approach based on expected losses to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments.  ASU 2016-13 also modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination.  ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019.  Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018.  The guidance requires companies to apply the requirements in the year of adoption through cumulative adjustment with some aspects of the update requiring a prospective transition approach.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force).   ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 addresses eight classification issues related  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

to the statement of cash flows: (i) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment, (ii) settlement of zero-coupon bonds, (iii) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, (iv) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, (v) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, (vi) distributions received from equity method invitees, (vii) beneficial interest in securitizations transactions, and (viii) separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017.  Early adoption is permitted.  The guidance requires companies to apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented.  If it is impracticable for a company to apply ASU 2016-15 retrospectively, requirements may be applied prospectively as of the earliest date practicable.  We are currently evaluating the potential impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2016-15 on our consolidated financial statements. 

9 

     Table of Contents  

2.      Acquisition 
  On   December 17, 2014  , we acquired   100%   of the outstanding stock of   OmniAmerican Bancorp, Inc.   and its wholly-owned subsidiary OmniAmerican Bank (collectively,  Omni ) headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.  Omni operated   14   banking offices in Fort Worth, Texas and surrounding areas.  We acquired Omni to further expand our presence in the growing Fort Worth market.  The total merger consideration for the Omni merger was   $298.3 million  .  The operations of Omni were merged into ours as of the date of the acquisition.  
  The fair value of assets acquired, adjusted for subsequent measurement period adjustments, excluding goodwill, totaled   $1.36 billion  , including total loans of   $763.5 million   and total investment securities of   $428.4 million  .  Total fair value of the liabilities assumed, adjusted for subsequent measurement period adjustments, totaled   $1.13 billion  , including deposits of   $801.3 million  .  We recognized   $69.5 million   in goodwill associated with the Omni acquisition.  The goodwill resulting from the acquisition represents consideration paid in excess of the net assets acquired and the value expected from the opportunities to strategically grow our franchise in the greater Fort Worth market area and to enhance our operations through customer synergies and efficiencies, thereby providing enhanced customer service.  Goodwill was   $91.5 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.   
  We recognized a core deposit intangible of   $8.6 million   in connection with the Omni acquisition, which will be amortized using an accelerated method over a   10   year period consistent with expected future cash flows.   
  The Omni acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method of accounting and accordingly, purchased assets, including identifiable intangible assets, and assumed liabilities were recorded at their respective acquisition date fair values.  For more information concerning the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in relation to the acquisition of Omni, see  Note 2 - Acquisition  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

10 

Table of Contents  

3.       Earnings Per Share 
  Earnings per share on a basic and diluted basis have been calculated as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

For the   three- and nine-  month periods ended   September 30, 2016  , there were approximately   3,000   and   28,000   anti-dilutive shares, respectively.  For the   three- and nine-  month periods ended   September 30, 2015  , there were approximately   62,000   and   28,000   anti-dilutive shares, respectively.  

11 

     Table of Contents  

4.       Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component are as follows (in thousands): 

12 

     Table of Contents  

13 

     Table of Contents  

The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net income are presented below (in thousands): 

(1)    Included in interest income on the consolidated statements of income.  
  (2)    Listed as net gain on sale of securities available for sale on the consolidated statements of income. 
  (3)    Included in interest expense for long-term obligations on the consolidated statements of income. 
           (4) 
    These accumulated other comprehensive income components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (income) presented in  Note 8 - Employee Benefit Plans.  
     
   14 

Table of Contents  

5.       Securities 
    
  The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses, carrying value, and estimated fair value of investment and mortgage-backed securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are reflected in the tables below (in thousands): 

15 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    All mortgage-backed securities issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. 
       
  From time to time, we may transfer securities from available for sale ( AFS ) to held to maturity ( HTM ) due to overall balance sheet strategies.  During 2015, the Company transferred commercial mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of   $57.7 million   from AFS to HTM.  The unrealized gain on the securities transferred from AFS to HTM was   $1.3 million   (  $864,000  , net of tax) at the date of transfer based on the fair value of the securities on the transfer date.  Our management has the current intent and ability to hold the transferred securities until maturity.  Any net unrealized gain or loss on the transferred securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income at the time of transfer will be amortized over the remaining life of the underlying security as an adjustment of the yield on those securities.  AFS securities transferred with losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income continue to be included in management s assessment for other-than-temporary impairment for each individual security.  There were   no   securities transferred from AFS to HTM during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 

16 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables represent the fair value and unrealized loss on securities as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands): 

17 

     Table of Contents  

We review those securities in an unrealized loss position for significant differences between fair value and the cost basis to evaluate if a classification of other-than-temporary impairment is warranted.  In estimating other-than-temporary impairment losses, management considers, among other things, the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer.  We consider an other-than-temporary impairment to have occurred when there is an adverse change in expected cash flows.  When it is determined that a decline in fair value of HTM or AFS securities is other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the security is reduced to its estimated fair value, with a corresponding charge to earnings for the credit portion and the noncredit portion to other comprehensive income.  Based upon the length of time and the extent to which fair value is less than cost, we believe that none of the securities with an unrealized loss have other-than-temporary impairment at   September 30, 2016  .   
  The majority of the securities in an unrealized loss position are highly rated municipal securities and U.S. Agency mortgage- backed securities ( MBS ) where the unrealized loss is a direct result of the change in interest rates and spreads.  For those securities in an unrealized loss position, we do not currently intend to sell the securities and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities before the anticipated recovery of their amortized cost basis.  To the best of management s knowledge and based on our consideration of the qualitative factors associated with each security, there were   no   securities in our investment and MBS portfolio with an other-than-temporary impairment at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Interest income recognized on securities for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Of the approximately   $5.5 million   in net securities gains from the AFS portfolio for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   $6.2 million   in realized gain positions and   $663,000   in realized loss positions.  Of the   $3.5 million   in net securities gains from the AFS portfolio for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were   $4.0 million   in realized gain positions and   $511,000   in realized loss positions.  There were no sales from the HTM portfolio during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  .  We calculate realized gains and losses on sales of securities under the specific identification method.   
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

The amortized cost, carrying value and fair value of securities at   September 30, 2016  , are presented below by contractual maturity.  Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations.  MBS are presented in total by category due to the fact that MBS typically are issued with stated principal amounts, and the securities are backed by pools of mortgages that have loans with varying maturities.  The characteristics of the underlying pool of mortgages, such as fixed-rate or adjustable-rate, as well as prepayment risk, are passed on to the security holder.  The term of a mortgage-backed pass-through security thus approximates the term of the underlying mortgages and can vary significantly due to prepayments. 

Investment securities and MBS with carrying values of   $1.41 billion   and   $1.33 billion   were pledged as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, to collateralize Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas ( FHLB ) advances, repurchase agreements, and public funds or for other purposes as required by law. 
    
  Securities with limited marketability, such as FHLB stock and other investments, are carried at cost, which approximates fair value and are assessed for other-than-temporary impairment.  These securities have no maturity date. 
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

6.       Loans and Allowance for Probable Loan Losses 
    
  Loans in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets are classified as follows (in thousands): 

(1)    Includes approximately   $420.4 million   and   $581.1 million   of loans acquired with the Omni acquisition as of  
    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  (2)    The allowance for loan loss recorded on PCI loans totaled    $3,000   and   $629,000   as of   September 30, 2016   and 
    December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  Real Estate Construction Loans 
  Our construction loans are collateralized by property located primarily in or near the market areas we serve.  Several of our construction loans will be owner-occupied upon completion.  Construction loans for non-owner occupied projects are financed, but these typically have cash flows from leases with tenants, secondary sources of repayment, and in some cases, additional collateral.  Our construction loans have both adjustable and fixed interest rates during the construction period.  Construction loans to individuals are typically priced and made with the intention of granting the permanent loan on the property.  Speculative and commercial construction loans are subject to underwriting standards similar to that of the commercial portfolio.  Owner-occupied 1-4 family residential construction loans are subject to the underwriting standards of the permanent loan.   
  Real Estate 1-4 Family Residential Loans 
  Residential loan originations are generated by our loan officers, in-house origination staff, marketing efforts, present customers, walk-in customers and referrals from real estate agents and builders.  We focus our lending efforts primarily on the origination of loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied 1-4 family residences.  Substantially all of our 1-4 family residential originations are secured by properties located in or near our market areas.   
  Our 1-4 family residential loans generally have maturities ranging from five to 30 years.  These loans are typically fully amortizing with monthly payments sufficient to repay the total amount of the loan.  Our 1-4 family residential loans are made at both fixed and adjustable interest rates. 
  Underwriting for 1-4 family residential loans includes debt-to-income analysis, credit history analysis, appraised value and down payment considerations.  Changes in the market value of real estate can affect the potential losses in the portfolio. 
  Commercial Real Estate Loans 
  Commercial real estate loans as of   September 30, 2016   consists of   $697.8 million   of owner and nonowner-occupied real estate,   $57.4 million   of loans secured by multi-family properties and   $4.6 million   of loans secured by farmland.  Commercial real estate loans primarily include loans collateralized by commercial office buildings, retail, medical facilities and offices, senior living, assisted living and skilled nursing facilities, warehouse facilities, hotels and churches.  In determining whether to originate commercial real estate loans, we generally consider such factors as the financial condition of the borrower and the debt service coverage of the property.  Commercial real estate loans are made at both fixed and adjustable interest rates for terms generally up to 20 years. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

Commercial Loans 
  Our commercial loans are diversified loan types including short-term working capital loans for inventory and accounts receivable and short- and medium-term loans for equipment or other business capital expansion.  Management does not consider there to be a concentration of risk in any one industry type, other than the medical industry.  Loans to borrowers in the medical industry include all loan types listed above for commercial loans.  Collateral for these loans varies depending on the type of loan and financial strength of the borrower.  The primary source of repayment for loans in the medical community is cash flow from continuing operations. 
  In our commercial loan underwriting, we assess the creditworthiness, ability to repay, and the value and liquidity of the collateral being offered.  Terms of commercial loans are generally commensurate with the useful life of the collateral offered. 
  Municipal Loans 
  We have a specific lending department that makes loans to municipalities and school districts primarily throughout the state of Texas.  Municipal loans outside the state of Texas have been limited to adjoining states.  The majority of the loans to municipalities and school districts have tax or revenue pledges and in some cases are additionally supported by collateral.  Municipal loans made without a direct pledge of taxes or revenues are usually made based on some type of collateral that represents an essential service.  
  Loans to Individuals 
  Substantially all originations of our loans to individuals are made to consumers in our market areas.  The majority of loans to individuals are collateralized by titled equipment, which are primarily automobiles.  Loan terms vary according to the type and value of collateral, length of contract and creditworthiness of the borrower.  The underwriting standards we employ for consumer loans include an application, a determination of the applicant s payment history on other debts, with the greatest weight being given to payment history with us, and an assessment of the borrower s ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan.  Although creditworthiness of the applicant is a primary consideration, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the collateral, if any, in relation to the proposed loan amount.  Most of our loans to individuals are collateralized, which management believes should assist in limiting our exposure. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is based on the most current review of the loan portfolio and is a result of multiple processes.  First, we utilize historical net charge-off data to establish general reserve amounts for each class of loans.  The historical charge-off figure is further adjusted through qualitative factors that include general trends in past dues, nonaccruals and classified loans to more effectively and promptly react to both positive and negative movements not reflected in the historical data.  Second, our lenders have the primary responsibility for identifying problem loans based on customer financial stress and underlying collateral.  These recommendations are reviewed by senior loan administration, the special assets department, and the loan review department.  Third, the loan review department  independently reviews the portfolio on an annual basis.  The loan review department follows a board-approved annual loan review scope.  The loan review scope encompasses a number of considerations including the size of the loan, the type of credit extended, the seasoning of the loan and the performance of the loan.  The loan review scope, as it relates to size, focuses more on larger dollar loan relationships, typically aggregate debt of   $500,000   or greater.  The loan review officer also reviews specific reserves compared to general reserves to determine trends in comparative reserves as well as losses not reserved for prior to charge-off to determine the effectiveness of the specific reserve process. 
  At each review, a subjective analysis methodology is used to grade the respective loan.  Categories of grading vary in severity from loans that do not appear to have a significant probability of loss at the time of review to loans that indicate a probability that the entire balance of the loan will be uncollectible.  If at the time of review we determine it is probable that we will not collect the principal and interest cash flows contractually due on the loan, estimates of future expected cash flows or appraisals of the collateral securing the debt are used to determine the necessary allowances.  The internal loan review department maintains a list of all loans or loan relationships that are graded as having more than the normal degree of risk associated with them.  In addition, a list of specifically reserved loans or loan relationships of   $150,000   or more is updated on a quarterly basis in order to properly determine necessary allowances and keep management informed on the status of attempts to correct the deficiencies noted with respect to the loan. 
  We calculate historical loss ratios for pools of loans with similar characteristics based on the proportion of actual charge-offs experienced, consistent with the characteristics of remaining loans, to the total population of loans in the pool.  The historical gross loss ratios are updated based on actual charge-off experience quarterly and adjusted for qualitative factors.  All loans are subject to individual analysis if determined to be impaired with the exception of consumer loans and loans secured by 1-4 family residential loans. 
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Industry and our own experience indicates that a portion of our loans will become delinquent and a portion of the loans will require partial or full charge-off.  Regardless of the underwriting criteria utilized, losses may occur as a result of various factors beyond our control, including, among other things, changes in market conditions affecting the value of properties used as collateral for loans and problems affecting the credit worthiness of the borrower and the ability of the borrower to make payments on the loan.  Our determination of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses is based on various considerations, including an analysis of the risk characteristics of various classifications of loans, previous loan loss experience, specific loans which would have loan loss potential, delinquency trends, estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, current economic conditions, and geographic and industry loan concentration. 
  Credit Quality Indicators 
  We categorize loans into risk categories on an ongoing basis based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as:  current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors.  We use the following definitions for risk ratings: 
             
    Pass (Rating 1   4)   This rating is assigned to all satisfactory loans.  This category, by definition, consists of acceptable credit.  Credit and collateral exceptions should not be present, although their presence would not necessarily prohibit a loan from being rated Pass, if deficiencies are in process of correction.  These loans are not included in the Watch List. 
                
    Pass Watch (Rating 5)   These loans require some degree of special treatment, but not due to credit quality.  This category does not include loans specially mentioned or adversely classified; however, particular attention must be accorded such credits due to characteristics such as: 
                
    A lack of, or abnormally extended payment program; 
                
    A heavy degree of concentration of collateral without sufficient margin; 
                
    A vulnerability to competition through lesser or extensive financial leverage; and 
                
    A dependence on a single or few customers or sources of supply and materials without suitable substitutes or alternatives. 
                
    Special Mention (Rating 6)   A Special Mention asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.  If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in our credit position at some future date.  Special Mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose us to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. 
                
    Substandard (Rating 7)   Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt.  They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
                
    Doubtful (Rating 8)   Loans classified as Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation, in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
     All accruing loans are reserved for as a group of similar type credits and included in the general portion of the allowance for loan losses.  Loans to individuals and 1-4 family residential loans, including loans not accruing, are collectively evaluated and included in the general portion of the allowance for loan losses.  All loans considered troubled debt restructurings ( TDR ) are evaluated individually for further impairment. 
  The general portion of the loan loss allowance is reflective of historical charge-off levels for similar loans adjusted for changes in current conditions and other relevant factors.  These factors are likely to cause estimated losses to differ from historical loss experience and include: 
             
    Changes in lending policies or procedures, including underwriting, collection, charge-off, and recovery procedures; 
                
    Changes in local, regional and national economic and business conditions, including entry into new markets; 
                
    Changes in the volume or type of credit extended; 
                
    Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management; 
                
    Changes in the volume and severity of past due, nonaccrual, restructured, or classified loans; 
                
    Changes in charge-off trends; 
                
    Changes in loan review or Board oversight; 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in the level of concentrations of credit; and  
                
    Changes in external factors, such as competition and legal and regulatory requirements.  
     These factors are also considered for the purchased Omni loan portfolio specifically in regards to changes in credit quality, past due, nonaccrual and charge-off trends.  
  The following tables detail activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the periods presented (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Of the   $11.4 million   in commercial charge-offs recorded for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $10.9 million   relates to the charge-off of   two   large commercial borrowing relationships. 
       
           (2) 
    Of the   $1.6 million   recorded in provision for loan losses for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  ,   none   related to provision expense on PCI loans.  Of the   $7.7 million   recorded in provision for loan losses for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,   $1.4 million   related to provision expense on PCI loans.  

23 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Loans acquired with the Omni acquisition were measured at fair value on December 17, 2014 with no carryover of allowance for loan loss.  
      The following tables present the balance in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment based on impairment method (in thousands): 

24 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the recorded investment in loans by portfolio segment based on impairment method (in thousands): 

25 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth loans by credit quality indicator for the periods presented (in thousands):   

Nonperforming Assets and Past Due Loans 
    
  Nonaccrual loans are loans 90 days or more delinquent and collection in full of both the principal and interest is not expected.  Additionally, some loans that are not delinquent may be placed on nonaccrual status due to doubts about full collection of principal or interest.  When a loan is categorized as nonaccrual, the accrual of interest is discontinued and any accrued balance is reversed for financial statement purposes.  Payments received on nonaccrual loans are applied to the outstanding principal balance.  Payments of contractual interest are recognized as income only to the extent that full recovery of the principal balance of the loan is reasonably certain.  Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.  Other factors, such as the value of collateral securing the loan and the financial condition of the borrower, are considered in judgments as to potential loan loss. 
    
  Nonaccrual loans and accruing loans past due more than 90 days include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. 
    
  PCI loans are recorded at fair value at acquisition date.  Although the PCI loans may be contractually delinquent, we do not classify these loans as past due or nonperforming as the loans were written down to fair value at the acquisition date, and the accretable yield is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loan.  However, subsequent to acquisition, we re-assess PCI loans for additional impairment and record additional impairment in the event we conclude it is probable that we will be unable to collect all cash flows originally expected to be collected at acquisition plus any additional cash flows expected to be collected due to changes in estimates after acquisition.  All such PCI loans for which we recognize subsequent impairment are reported as impaired loans in the financial statements.   

26 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth nonperforming assets for the periods presented (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Excludes PCI loans measured at fair value at acquisition. 
        
  Foreclosed assets include other real estate owned and repossessed assets.  For 1-4 family residential real estate properties, a loan is recognized as a foreclosed property once legal title to the real estate property has been received upon completion of foreclosure or the borrower has conveyed all interest in the residential property through a deed in lieu of foreclosure.  As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   $239,000   loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process.  As of   December 31, 2015   there was a total of   $67,000   in loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process.  
    
  The following table sets forth the recorded investment in nonaccrual loans by class of loans for the periods presented (in thousands): 

(1)    Excludes PCI loans measured at fair value at acquisition.   
    
  Loans are considered impaired if, based on current information and events, it is probable we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Impairment is evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of a similar nature and on an individual loan basis for other loans.  The measurement of loss on impaired loans is generally based on the fair value of the collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral or the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate stipulated in the loan agreement.  In measuring the fair value of the collateral, in addition to relying on third party appraisals, we use assumptions, such as discount rates, and methodologies, such as comparison to the recent selling price of similar assets, consistent with those that would be utilized by unrelated third parties performing a valuation.  Loans that are evaluated and determined not to meet the definition of an impaired loan are reserved for at the general reserve rate for its appropriate class. 
    
  At the time a loss is probable in the collection of contractual amounts, specific reserves are allocated.  Loans are charged off to the liquidation value of the collateral net of liquidation costs, if any, when deemed uncollectible or as soon as collection by liquidation is evident. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth impaired loans by class of loans for the periods presented (in thousands): 

There were no impaired loans recorded without an allowance as of   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 

28 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans by class of loans (in thousands): 

(1)    Includes PCI loans measured at fair value at acquisition.   
    
  The following tables set forth average recorded investment and interest income recognized on impaired loans by class of loans for the periods presented (in thousands): 

29 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Excludes PCI loans measured at fair value at acquisition that have not experienced further deterioration in credit quality subsequent to the acquisition date.   
       
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
    
  The restructuring of a loan is considered a TDR if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the creditor has granted a concession.  Concessions may include interest rate reductions or below market interest rates, restructuring amortization schedules and other actions intended to minimize potential losses. 
    
  The following tables set forth the recorded balance of loans considered to be TDRs that were restructured during the periods presented (dollars in thousands): 

30 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    These modifications may include an extension of the amortization period, interest rate reduction, and/or converting the loan to interest-only for a limited period of time.   
     The majority of loans restructured as TDRs during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   were modified with maturity extensions.  Interest continues to be charged on principal balances outstanding during the extended term.  Therefore, the financial effects of the recorded investment of loans restructured as TDRs during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   were not significant.  Generally, the loans identified as TDRs were previously reported as impaired loans prior to restructuring and therefore the modification did not impact our determination of the allowance for loan losses.   
  On an ongoing basis, the performance of the TDRs is monitored for subsequent payment default.  Payment default for TDRs is recognized when the borrower is 90 days or more past due.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the amount of TDRs in default was not significant.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , there were   $729,000   of TDRs in default.  Payment defaults for TDRs did not significantly impact the determination of the allowance for loan loss in either period presented.   
  At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were   no   commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose terms had been modified in TDRs. 
    
  Purchased Credit Impaired Loans 
    
  The following table presents the outstanding principal balance and carrying value for PCI loans for the periods presented (in thousands): 

31 

     Table of Contents  

The following table presents the changes of the accretable yield during the periods for PCI loans (in thousands):   

7.       Long-term Obligations 
    
  Long-term obligations are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

(1) 
    This long-term debt consists of subordinated notes with a remaining maturity greater than   one   year that qualify under the risk-based capital guidelines as Tier 2 capital, subject to certain limitations. 
               (3) 
    This long-term debt consists of trust preferred securities that qualify under the risk-based capital guidelines as Tier 1 capital, subject to certain limitations. 
            
  On   September 19, 2016  , the Company issued   $100.0 million   aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes that mature on   September 30, 2026  .  This debt initially bears interest at a fixed rate of   5.50%   through   September 29, 2021    
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

and thereafter, adjusts quarterly at a floating rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 429.7 basis points  .      The proceeds from the sale of the subordinated notes will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include advances to subsidiaries to finance their activities.  The unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of the subordinated notes totaled approximately   $1.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  .   
    
  The unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of the Southside Statutory Trust III junior subordinated debentures totaled   $76,000   at   September 30, 2016   and   $80,000   at   December 31, 2015  .   
    
  During the   fourth quarter   of   2015   and continuing into the   first half   of   2016  , we entered into   various variable rate advance agreements with the FHLB  .  At   September 30, 2016  , these agreements had a total notional value of   $250.0 million   with rates ranging from   one-month LIBOR   plus   0.17%   to   one-month LIBOR   plus   0.278%  .  In addition, we   entered into various interest rate swap contracts that are treated as cash flow hedges under ASC 815 that effectively converted the variable rate advances to fixed interest rates   ranging from   0.932%   to   1.647%   and original terms ranging from   four   years to   nine   years.  The cash flows from the swaps are expected to be effective in hedging the variability in future cash flows attributable to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR interest rate.  Refer to  Note 10 - Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities  in our consolidated financial statements included in this report for a detailed description of our hedging policy and methodology related to derivative instruments. 

8.       Employee Benefit Plans 
    
  The components of net periodic benefit cost (income) are as follows (in thousands): 

33 

Table of Contents  

9.       Share-based Incentive Plans 
    
  We grant nonqualified stock options ( NQSOs ) to certain officers with an exercise price equal to the fair value of the shares at the date of grant.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we granted   85,325   shares at a weighted average exercise price of   $26.61   and   388,669   shares at a weighted average exercise price of   $26.74  , respectively.  The NQSOs have contractual terms of   10   years and vest in equal annual installments over either a   three  - or   four  -year period.   
    
  We also grant restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to certain officers.  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we granted   17,848   and   60,400   RSUs, respectively, with a total value of   $486,000   and   $1.6 million  , respectively.  The RSUs vest in equal annual installments over either a   three  - or   four  -year period. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had share-based compensation expense of   $397,000   and   $1.2 million  , respectively.  Share-based compensation expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   $414,000   and   $981,000  , respectively.  
   
  10.     Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
    
  Our hedging policy allows the use of interest rate derivative instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate risk or hedge specified assets and liabilities.  These instruments may include interest rate swaps and interest rate caps and floors.  All derivative instruments are carried on the balance sheet at their estimated fair value and are recorded in other assets or other liabilities, as appropriate.  
    
  Derivative instruments may be designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate assets or liabilities, or as cash flow hedges of forecasted transactions.  Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that they are effective.  The amount recorded in other comprehensive income is reclassified to earnings in the same periods as the hedged cash flows impact earnings.  The ineffective portion of changes in fair value is reported in current earnings. 
    
  During the fourth quarter of 2015 and continuing into the   first half   of 2016, we entered into certain interest rate swap contracts on specific variable-rate advance agreements with the FHLB having a total notional amount of   $250.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  These interest rate swap contracts were designated as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges under ASC 815.  The objective of the interest rate swap contracts is to manage the expected future cash flows on our   $250.0 million   of variable-rate advance agreements with the FHLB.  The cash flows from the swap are expected to be effective in hedging the variability in future cash flows attributable to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR interest rate. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , net derivative liabilities included   $3.8 million   of cash collateral held by a counterparty to a master netting agreement.  At   September 30, 2016  , we had   $292,000   of cash collateral receivable that was not offset against derivative liabilities. 
    
  From time to time, we may enter into certain interest rate swaps, cap, and floor contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments.  These interest rate derivative contracts relate to transactions in which we enter into a interest rate swap, cap, or floor with a customer while concurrently entering into an offsetting interest rate swap, cap, or floor with a third-party financial institution.  We agree to pay interest to the customer on a notional amount at a variable rate and receive interest from the customer on a similar notional amount at a fixed interest rate.  At the same time, we agree to pay a third-party financial institution the same fixed interest rate on the same notional amount and receive the same variable interest rate on the same notional amount.  These interest rate derivatives contracts allow our customers to effectively convert a variable rate loan to a fixed rate.  The changes in the fair value of the underlying derivative contracts primarily offset each other and do not significantly impact our results of operations.  For derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, the gain or loss is recognized in current earnings during the period of change.  
    
  The notional amounts of the derivative instruments represent the contractual cash flows pertaining to the underlying agreements.  These amounts are not exchanged and are not reflected in the consolidated balance sheets.  The fair value of the interest rate swaps are presented at net in other assets and other liabilities when a right of offset exists, based on transactions with a single counterparty that are subject to a legally enforceable master netting agreement. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present the notional and estimated fair value amount of derivative positions outstanding for the periods presented (in thousands): 

(1)     Notional amounts, which represent the extent of involvement in the derivatives market, are used to determine the contractual cash flows required in accordance with the terms of the agreement.  These amounts are typically not exchanged, significantly exceed amounts subject to credit or market risk, and are not reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. 
  (2)    Net derivative assets are included in  other assets  and net derivative liabilities are included in  other liabilities  on the consolidated balance sheets.  Included in the fair value of net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities are credit valuation adjustments reflecting counterparty credit risk and our credit risk.  We had   $8,000   of credit exposure at   September 30, 2016  .  We had   no   credit exposure at   December 31, 2015  . 
  The summarized expected weighted average remaining maturity of the notional amount of interest rate swaps and the weighted average interest rates associated with the amounts expected to be received or paid on interest rate swap agreements are presented below (dollars in thousands): 

(1)    Variable rates received on pay fixed swaps are based on one-month LIBOR rates in effect at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

11.    Fair Value Measurement 
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants.  A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.  The price in the principal (or most advantageous) market used to measure the fair value of the asset or liability is not adjusted for transaction costs.  An orderly transaction is a transaction that assumes exposure to the market for a period prior to the measurement date to allow for marketing activities that are usual and customary for transactions involving such assets and liabilities; it is not a forced transaction.  Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal market that are (i) independent, (ii) knowledgeable, (iii) able to transact and (iv) willing to transact. 
  Valuation techniques including the market approach, the income approach and/or the cost approach are utilized to determine fair value.  Inputs to valuation techniques refer to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.  Valuation policies and procedures are determined by our investment department and reported to our Asset/Liability Committee ( ALCO ) for review.  An entity must consider all aspects of nonperforming risk, including the entity s own credit standing, when measuring fair value of a liability.  Inputs may be observable, meaning those that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from independent sources, or unobservable, meaning those that reflect the reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  A fair value hierarchy for valuation inputs gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.  The fair value hierarchy is as follows: 
  Level 1 Inputs   - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
  Level 2 Inputs   - Inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  These might include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (such as interest rates, volatilities, prepayment speeds, credit risks, etc.) or inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by market data by correlation or other means. 
  Level 3 Inputs   - Unobservable inputs for determining the fair values of assets or liabilities that reflect an entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. 
    
  Level 3 assets recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   included loans for which a specific allowance was established based on the fair value of collateral and commercial real estate for which fair value of the properties was less than the cost basis.  For both asset classes, the unobservable inputs were the additional adjustments applied by management to the appraised values to reflect such factors as non-current appraisals and revisions to estimated time to sell.  These adjustments are determined based on qualitative judgments made by management on a case-by-case basis and are not quantifiable inputs, although they are used in the determination of fair value. 
    
  A description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy, is set forth below. 
    
  Certain financial assets are measured at fair value in accordance with GAAP.  Adjustments to the fair value of these assets usually result from the application of fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets.  Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized on the actual date of the event or circumstances that caused the transfer, which generally coincides with our monthly and/or quarterly valuation process.  There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   or December 31, 2015. 
    
  Securities Available for Sale     U.S. Treasury securities and other equity securities are reported at fair value utilizing Level 1 inputs.  Other securities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs.  For these securities, we obtain fair value measurements from independent pricing services.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the bond s terms and conditions, among other things. 
    
  We review the prices supplied by the independent pricing services for reasonableness and to ensure such prices are aligned with traditional pricing matrices.  In addition, we obtain an understanding of their underlying pricing methodologies and their Statement on Standards for Attestation Engagements-Reporting on Controls of a Service Organization ( SSAE 16 ).  We validate prices supplied by the independent pricing services by comparison to prices obtained from, in most cases, three additional third  
  
   36 

     Table of Contents  

party sources.  For securities where prices are outside a reasonable range, we further review those securities to determine what a reasonable price estimate is for that security, given available data. 
    
  Derivatives     Derivatives are reported at fair value utilizing Level 2 inputs.  We obtain fair value measurements from three sources including an independent pricing service and the counterparty to the derivatives designated as hedges.  The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, credit information and the derivatives  terms and conditions, among other things.  We review the prices supplied by the sources for reasonableness.  In addition, we obtain a basic understanding of their underlying pricing methodology.  We validate prices supplied by the sources by comparison to one another. 
    
  Certain financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which means that the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment).  Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis included foreclosed assets and impaired loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Foreclosed Assets     Foreclosed assets are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell.  The fair value measurements of foreclosed assets can include Level 2 measurement inputs such as real estate appraisals and comparable real estate sales information, in conjunction with Level 3 measurement inputs such as cash flow projections, qualitative adjustments, and sales cost estimates.  As a result, the categorization of foreclosed assets is Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  In connection with the measurement and initial recognition of certain foreclosed assets, we may recognize charge-offs through the allowance for loan losses. 
    
  Impaired Loans     Certain impaired loans may be reported at the fair value of the underlying collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral.  Collateral values are estimated using Level 3 inputs based on customized discounting criteria or appraisals.  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the impact of loans with specific reserves based on the fair value of the collateral was reflected in our allowance for loan losses. 
    
  Certain nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis include reporting units measured at fair value and tested for goodwill impairment.   
    
  The following tables summarize assets measured at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis segregated by the level of the valuation inputs within the fair value hierarchy utilized to measure fair value (in thousands): 
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    All mortgage-backed securities are issued and/or guaranteed by U.S. government agencies or U.S. government-sponsored enterprises. 
              (2) 
    Impaired loans represent collateral-dependent loans with a specific valuation allowance.  Losses on these loans represent charge-offs which are netted against the allowance for loan losses. 
     
   38 

     Table of Contents  

Disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, is required when it is practicable to estimate that value.  In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other estimation techniques.  Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows.  Such techniques and assumptions, as they apply to individual categories of our financial instruments, are as follows: 
    
  Cash and cash equivalents   - The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents is a reasonable estimate of those assets  fair value. 
    
  Investment and mortgage - backed securities held to maturity   - Fair values for these securities are based on quoted market prices, where available.  If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on quoted market prices for similar securities or estimates from independent pricing services. 
    
  FHLB stock and other investments   - The carrying amount of FHLB stock and other investments is a reasonable estimate of those assets  fair value. 
    
  Loans receivable   - For adjustable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, the carrying amounts are a reasonable estimate of those assets  fair value.  The fair value of fixed rate loans is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities.  Nonperforming loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses or the underlying value of the collateral where applicable. 
    
  Loans held for sale     The fair value of loans held for sale is determined based on expected proceeds, which are based on sales contracts and commitments.  
    
  Deposit liabilities   - The fair value of demand deposits, savings accounts, and certain money market deposits is the amount on demand at the reporting date, which is the carrying value.  Fair values for fixed rate CDs are estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
    
  Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements   - Federal funds purchased generally have original terms to maturity of one day and repurchase agreements generally have terms of less than one year, and therefore both are considered short-term borrowings.  Consequently, their carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
    
  FHLB advances   - The fair value of these advances is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using rates at which advances would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 
    
  Subordinated notes -   The fair value of the subordinated notes is estimated by discounting future cash flows using estimated rates at which long-term debt would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the remaining maturities. 
    
  Long-term debt   - The fair value of the long-term debt is estimated by discounting future cash flows using estimated rates at which long-term debt would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the remaining maturities. 
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables present our financial assets, financial liabilities, and unrecognized financial instruments measured on a nonrecurring basis at both their respective carrying amounts and estimated fair value (in thousands): 

The fair value estimate of financial instruments for which quoted market prices are unavailable is dependent upon the assumptions used.  Consequently, those estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instruments.  Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented in the above fair value table do not necessarily represent their underlying value.   

40 

     Table of Contents  

12.       Income Taxes 
    
  The income tax expense included in the accompanying statements of income consists of the following (in thousands): 

Net deferred tax assets totaled   $9.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   $19.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  .    No   valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was recorded at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  , as management believes it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized in future years.  Unrecognized tax benefits were not material at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  We recognized income tax expense of   $2.7 million   and   $8.5 million  , for an effective tax rate ( ETR ) of   17.6%   and   18.3%   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to income tax expense of   $2.0 million   and   $5.8 million  , for an ETR of   14.4%   and   15.3%  , for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The higher ETR for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was due to a decrease in tax-exempt income as a percentage of pre-tax income as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The ETR differs from the stated rate of 35% during the comparable period primarily due to the effect of tax-exempt income from municipal loans and securities, as well as bank owned life insurance.  We file federal income tax returns and certain state tax returns.  We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before   2013  .   

13.       Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk  .  In the normal course of business, we are a party to certain financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk to meet the financing needs of our customers.  These off-balance-sheet instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit.  These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount reflected in the financial statements.  The contract or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement and exposure to credit loss that we have in these particular classes of financial instruments. 
    
  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that the terms established in the contract are met.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and may require the payment of fees.  Since some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.  Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan commitments to customers and similarly do not necessarily represent future cash obligations. 
    
  Financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk were as follows (in thousands): 

We apply the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit as we do for on-balance-sheet instruments.  We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower.  Collateral held varies but may include cash or cash equivalents, negotiable instruments, real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, oil, gas and mineral interests, property, plant, and equipment. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Lease Commitments  . We lease certain branch facilities and office equipment under operating leases.  It is expected that certain leases will be renewed, or equipment replaced with new leased equipment, as these leases expire.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we terminated the lease associated with our Fort Worth operations center.  The termination resulted in   $1.5 million   in lease termination expense and a loss of   $310,000   on retirement of assets. 
    
  Securities  . In the normal course of business we buy and sell securities.  There were   $30.2 million   and   $19.4 million   of unsettled trades to purchase securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  There were   no   unsettled trades to sell securities as of   September 30, 2016  .  As of   December 31, 2015  , there were   $9.3 million   of unsettled trades to sell securities. 
    
  Deposits  . There were   no   unsettled issuances of brokered CDs at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Litigation  . We are involved with various litigation in the normal course of business.  Management, after consulting with our legal counsel, believes that any liability resulting from litigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
  
   42 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2.    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following is a discussion of the consolidated financial condition, changes in financial condition, and results of our operations, and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the financial statements, and the notes thereto, in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain statements of other than historical fact that are contained in this report may be considered to be  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of and subject to the safe harbor protections of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, nor should they be relied upon as representing management s views as of any subsequent date.  These statements may include words such as  expect,   estimate,   project,   anticipate,   appear,   believe,   could,   should,   may,   will,   would,   seek,   intend,   probability,   risk,   goal,   objective,   plans,   potential,  and similar expressions.  Forward-looking statements are statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, objectives, goals, anticipations, assumptions and estimates about our future performance and are subject to significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements.  For example, discussions about trends in asset quality, capital, liquidity, the pace of loan and revenue growth, the Company s ability to sell nonperforming assets, expense reductions, the benefits of the Share Repurchase Plan, planned operational efficiencies, earnings and certain market risk disclosures, including the impact of interest rates and other economic factors, are based upon information presently available to management and are dependent on choices about key model characteristics and assumptions and are subject to various limitations.  By their nature, certain of the market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future.  Accordingly, our results could materially differ from those that have been estimated.  Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
             
    general economic conditions, either globally, nationally, in the State of Texas, or in the specific markets in which we operate, including, without limitation, the deterioration of the commercial real estate, residential real estate, construction and development, credit and liquidity markets, which could cause an adverse change in our net interest margin, or a decline in the value of our assets, which could result in realized losses; 
                
    current or future legislation, regulatory changes or changes in monetary or fiscal policy that adversely affect the businesses in which we are engaged, including the impact of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 ( Dodd-Frank Act ), the Federal Reserve s actions with respect to interest rates, the capital requirements promulgated by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision ( Basel Committee ) and other regulatory responses to economic conditions; 
                
    adverse changes in the status or financial condition of the Government-Sponsored Enterprises (the  GSEs ) which impact the GSEs  guarantees or ability to pay or issue debt; 
                
    adverse changes in the credit portfolio of other U.S. financial institutions relative to the performance of certain of our investment securities; 
                
    economic or other disruptions caused by acts of terrorism in the United States, Europe or other areas; 
                
    changes in the interest rate yield curve such as flat, inverted or steep yield curves, or changes in the interest rate environment that impact interest margins and may impact prepayments on our mortgage-backed securities ( MBS ) portfolio; 
                
    increases in our nonperforming assets; 
                
    our ability to maintain adequate liquidity to fund operations and growth; 
                
    the failure of our assumptions underlying allowance for loan losses and other estimates; 
                
    the effectiveness of our derivative financial instruments and hedging activities to manage risk; 
                
    unexpected outcomes of, and the costs associated with, existing or new litigation involving us; 
                
    changes impacting our balance sheet and leverage strategy; 
                
    risks related to actual U.S. Agency MBS prepayments exceeding projected prepayment levels; 
                
    risks related to U.S. Agency MBS prepayments increasing due to U.S. Government programs designed to assist homeowners to refinance their mortgage that might not otherwise have qualified; 
                
    our ability to monitor interest rate risk; 
                
    risks related to the price per barrel of crude oil; 
                
    significant increases in competition in the banking and financial services industry; 
     
   43 

     Table of Contents  

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and saving habits; 
                
    technological changes, including potential cyber-security incidents; 
                
    execution of future acquisition, reorganization or disposition transactions, including the risk that the anticipated benefits of such transactions are not realized; 
                
    our ability to increase market share and control expenses; 
                
    the effect of changes in federal or state tax laws; 
                
    the effect of compliance with legislation or regulatory changes; 
                
    the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices; 
                
    credit risks of borrowers, including any increase in those risks due to changing economic conditions; 
                
    the inability of Southside Bank to pay dividends; 
                
    risks related to loans secured by real estate, including the risk that the value and marketability of collateral could decline; and 
                
    other risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I -  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
       
  All written or oral forward-looking statements made by us or attributable to us are expressly qualified by this cautionary notice.  We disclaim any obligation to update any factors or to announce publicly the result of revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments, unless otherwise required by law. 
  Critical Accounting Estimates 
  Our accounting and reporting estimates conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and general practices within the financial services industry.  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  We consider our critical accounting policies to include the following: 
  Allowance for Losses on Loans  .  The allowance for losses on loans represents our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the existing loan portfolio.  The allowance for losses on loans is increased by the provision for losses on loans charged to expense and reduced by loans charged-off, net of recoveries.  The provision for losses on loans is determined based on our assessment of several factors:  reviews and evaluations of specific loans, changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, current economic conditions and the related impact on specific borrowers and industry groups, historical loan loss experience, the level of classified and nonperforming loans and the results of regulatory examinations. 
  The allowance for loan loss is based on the most current review of the loan portfolio and is a result of multiple processes.  The servicing officer has the primary responsibility for updating significant changes in a customer s financial position.  Each officer prepares status updates on any credit deemed to be experiencing repayment difficulties which, in the officer s opinion, would place the collection of principal or interest in doubt.  Our internal loan review department is responsible for an ongoing review of our loan portfolio with specific goals set for the loans to be reviewed on an annual basis. 
  At each review, a subjective analysis methodology is used to grade the respective loan.  Categories of grading vary in severity from loans that do not appear to have a significant probability of loss at the time of review to loans that indicate a probability that the entire balance of the loan will be uncollectible.  If full collection of the loan balance appears unlikely at the time of review, estimates of future expected cash flows or appraisals of the collateral securing the debt are used to determine the necessary allowances.  The internal loan review department maintains a list of all loans or loan relationships that are graded as having more than the normal degree of risk associated with them.  In addition, a list of specifically reserved loans or loan relationships of $150,000 or more is updated on a quarterly basis in order to properly determine the necessary allowance and keep management informed on the status of attempts to correct the deficiencies noted with respect to the loan. 
  Loans are considered impaired if, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal and interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  The measurement of loss on impaired loans is generally based on the fair value of the collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral or the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the historical effective interest rate stipulated in the loan agreement.  In measuring the fair value of the collateral, in addition to relying on third party appraisals, we use assumptions such as discount rates and methodologies, comparisons to recent selling prices of similar assets, and other assumptions consistent with those that would be utilized by unrelated third parties performing a valuation.  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

Changes in the financial condition of individual borrowers, economic conditions, historical loss experience and the conditions of the various markets in which collateral may be sold all may affect the required level of the allowance for losses on loans and the associated provision for loan losses. 
  The allowance for loan losses related to purchase credit impaired ( PCI ) loans is based on an analysis that is performed quarterly to estimate the expected cash flows for each loan deemed PCI.  To the extent that the expected cash flows from a PCI loan have decreased since the acquisition date, we establish or increase the allowance for loan losses. 
  For acquired loans that are not deemed credit impaired at acquisition, credit discounts representing the principal losses expected over the life of the loan are a component of the initial fair value.  Subsequent to the purchase date, the methods utilized to estimate the required allowance for loan losses for these loans is similar to originated loans.  The remaining differences between the purchase price and the unpaid principal balance at the date of acquisition are recorded in interest income over the economic life of the loan. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our review of the loan portfolio indicated that a loan loss allowance of   $16.0 million   was appropriate to cover probable losses in the portfolio. 
  Refer to  Part II - Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Loan Loss Experience and Allowance for Loan Losses  and  Note 6   Loans and Allowance for Probable Loan Losses  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a detailed description of our estimation process and methodology related to the allowance for loan losses. 
  Estimation of Fair Value  .  The estimation of fair value is significant to a number of our assets and liabilities.  In addition, GAAP requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments as a part of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.  Fair values for securities are volatile and may be influenced by a number of factors, including market interest rates, prepayment speeds, discount rates and the shape of yield curves.  Fair values for most investment and MBS are based on quoted market prices, where available.  If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on the quoted prices of similar instruments or estimates from independent pricing services.  Where there are price variances outside certain ranges from different pricing services for specific securities, those pricing variances are reviewed with other market data to determine which of the price estimates is appropriate for that period.  
  Impairment of Investment Securities and Mortgage-backed Securities  .  Investment and MBS classified as available for sale ( AFS ) are carried at fair value, and the impact of changes in fair value are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as an unrealized gain or loss in  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income,  a separate component of shareholders  equity.  Securities classified as AFS or held to maturity ( HTM ) are subject to our review to identify when a decline in value is other-than-temporary.  When it is determined that a decline in value is other-than-temporary, the carrying value of the security is reduced to its estimated fair value, with a corresponding charge to earnings for the credit portion and to other comprehensive income for the noncredit portion.  Factors considered in determining whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary include: (1) whether the decline is substantial, the duration of the decline and the reasons for the decline in value; (2) whether the decline is related to a credit event, a change in interest rate or a change in the market discount rate; (3) the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and (4) whether we have a current intent to sell the security and whether it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before the anticipated recovery of its amortized cost basis.  For certain assets, we consider expected cash flows of the investment in determining if impairment exists. 
  Defined Benefit Pension Plan  .  The plan obligations and related assets of our defined benefit pension plan (the  Plan ) are presented in  Note 11   Employee Benefits  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  Entry into the Plan by new employees was frozen effective December 31, 2005.  Plan assets, which consist primarily of marketable equity and debt instruments, are valued using observable market quotations.  Plan obligations and the annual pension expense are determined by independent actuaries and through the use of a number of assumptions that are reviewed by management.  Key assumptions in measuring the Plan obligations include the discount rate, the rate of salary increases and the estimated future return on Plan assets.  In determining the discount rate, we utilized a cash flow matching analysis to determine a range of appropriate discount rates for our defined benefit pension and restoration plans.  In developing the cash flow matching analysis, we constructed a portfolio of high quality noncallable bonds (rated AA- or better) to match as close as possible the timing of future benefit payments of the Plans at   December 31, 2015  .  Based on this cash flow matching analysis, we were able to determine an appropriate discount rate. 
  Salary increase assumptions are based upon historical experience and our anticipated future actions.  The expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects the average return expected based on the investment strategies and asset allocation on the assets invested to provide for the Plan s liabilities.  We considered broad equity and bond indices, long-term return projections, and actual long-term historical Plan performance when evaluating the expected long-term rate of return assumption.  At   September 30, 2016  , the weighted-average actuarial assumptions of the Plan were: a discount rate of   4.56%  ; assumed salary increases of   3.50%  ; and a long-term rate of return on Plan assets of   7.25%  .  Material changes in pension benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents  

in these assumptions.  Future annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the number of Plan participants, changes in the level of benefits provided, changes in the discount rates, changes in the expected long-term rate of return, changes in the level of contributions to the Plan and other factors. 
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures    
    
  Our accounting and reporting policies conform to generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States and prevailing practices in the banking industry.  However, certain non-GAAP measures are used by management to supplement the evaluation of our performance.  These include the following fully-taxable equivalent measures: tax-equivalent net interest income, tax-equivalent net interest margin, and tax-equivalent net interest spread, which include the effects of taxable-equivalent adjustments using a federal income tax rate of 35% to increase tax-exempt interest income to a tax-equivalent basis.  Whenever we present a non-GAAP financial measure in an SEC filing, we are also required to present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP and reconcile the differences between the non-GAAP financial measure and such comparable GAAP measure.  Tax-equivalent adjustments are reported in Notes 2 and 3 to the Average Balances with Average Yields and Rates table under Results of Operations. 
    
  Tax-equivalent net interest income, net interest margin and net interest spread.    Net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis is a non-GAAP measure that adjusts for the tax-favored status of net interest income from loans and investments.  We believe this measure to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income and it enhances comparability of net interest income arising from taxable and tax-exempt sources.  The most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is our net interest income.  Net interest margin on a tax-equivalent basis is net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis divided by average interest-earning assets on a tax-equivalent basis.  The most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is our net interest margin.  Net interest spread on a tax-equivalent basis is the difference in the average yield on average interest-earning assets on a tax equivalent basis and the average rate paid on average interest-bearing liabilities.  The most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is our net interest spread. 
    
  These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered alternatives to GAAP-basis financial statements, and other bank holding companies may define or calculate these non-GAAP measures or similar measures differently. 

Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements, Commitments and Contingencies 
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk  .  In the normal course of business, we are a party to certain financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk to meet the financing needs of our customers.  These off-balance-sheet instruments include commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit.  These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount reflected in the financial statements.  The contract or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement and exposure to credit loss that we have in these particular classes of financial instruments. 
    
  Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer provided that the terms established in the contract are met.  Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates and may require the payment of fees.  Since some commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.  These guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements.  The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan commitments to customers and similarly do not necessarily represent future cash obligations. 
    
  Financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk were as follows (in thousands): 

We apply the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit as we do for on-balance-sheet instruments.  We evaluate each customer s creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis.  The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the borrower.  Collateral held varies but may  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

include cash or cash equivalents, negotiable instruments, real estate, accounts receivable, inventory, oil, gas and mineral interests, property, plant, and equipment. 
    
  Lease Commitments  . We lease certain branch facilities and office equipment under operating leases.  It is expected that certain leases will be renewed, or equipment replaced with new leased equipment, as these leases expire.  During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we terminated the lease associated with our Fort Worth operations center.  The termination resulted in   $1.5 million   in lease termination expense and a loss of   $310,000   on retirement of assets. 
    
  Securities  . In the normal course of business we buy and sell securities.  There were   $30.2 million   and   $19.4 million   of unsettled trades to purchase securities at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  There were   no   unsettled trades to sell securities as of   September 30, 2016  .  As of   December 31, 2015  , there were   $9.3 million   of unsettled trades to sell securities. 
    
  Deposits  . There were   no   unsettled issuances of brokered CDs at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Litigation  . We are involved with various litigation in the normal course of business.  Management, after consulting with our legal counsel, believes that any liability resulting from litigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
    
  OVERVIEW 
    
  Operating Results 
    
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , our net income   increase  d   $1.1 million  , or   9.4%  , to   $12.9 million   from   $11.8 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The increase was primarily the result of a   $2.9 million     increase   in interest income, a   $2.4 million     increase   in noninterest income and a   $0.6 million     decrease   in provision for loan losses, partially offset by a   $2.3 million     increase   in interest expense, a   $1.8 million     increase   in noninterest expense, and a   $0.8 million     increase   in income tax expense.  Earnings per diluted share   increase  d   $0.05  , or   11.4%  , to   $0.49   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $0.44   for the same period in   2015  . 
    
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our net income   increase  d   $5.5 million  , or   16.9%  , to   $37.8 million   from   $32.3 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   was primarily the result of a   $10.7 million     increase   in interest income, a   $3.6 million     increase   in noninterest income and a   $0.9 million     decrease   in noninterest expense, partially offset by a   $5.7 million     increase   in interest expense, a   $2.6 million     increase   in income tax expense and a   $1.3 million     increase   in provision for loan losses.  Earnings per diluted share   increase  d   $0.22  , or   18.2%  , to   $1.43   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $1.21   for the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Financial Condition 
    
  Our total assets   increase  d   $302.9 million  , or   5.9%  , to   $5.46 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $5.16 billion   at   December 31, 2015   primarily as a result of increases in our securities portfolio, loan portfolio, and cash and cash equivalents.  Our securities portfolio   increase  d by   $153.0 million  , or   6.8%  , to   $2.40 billion  , compared to   $2.24 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  Loans   increase  d   $51.9 million  , or   2.1%  , to   $2.48 billion   compared to   $2.43 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  The net   increase   in our loans was comprised of   increase  s of   $124.6 million   of commercial real estate loans,   $28.1 million   of construction loans, and   $5.8 million   of municipal loans, partially offset by decreases of   $51.4 million   of commercial loans,   $44.6 million   of loans to individuals,   $10.7 million   of 1-4 family residential loans.  Cash and cash equivalents   increase  d   $118.1 million  , or   145.9%  , to   $199.1 million  , compared to   $81.0 million   at   December 31, 2015  , primarily as a result of the proceeds from the subordinated debt offering during September 2016. 
    
  Our nonperforming assets at   September 30, 2016     decrease  d to   $16.0 million   and represented   0.29%   of total assets, compared to   $32.5 million   or   0.63%   of total assets at December 31, 2015.  Nonaccruing loans   decrease  d   $12.0 million  , or   58.4%  , to   $8.5 million   and the ratio of nonaccruing loans to total loans   decrease  d to   0.34%   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   0.84%   at   December 31, 2015  .  Other Real Estate Owned ( OREO )   decrease  d to   $237,000   at   September 30, 2016   from   $744,000   at   December 31, 2015  .  Repossessed assets   decrease  d to   $41,000   at   September 30, 2016   from   $64,000   at   December 31, 2015  .  Restructured loans at   September 30, 2016     decrease  d 35.4% to   $7.2 million   compared to   $11.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Our deposits   increase  d   $126.0 million  , or   3.6%  , to   $3.58 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $3.46 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  The   increase   in our deposits during 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in public fund deposits and noninterest bearing deposits.  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our non-interest bearing deposits   increase  d   $74.8 million   and interest bearing deposits   increase  d   $51.2 million  .  Total FHLB advances   increase  d   $24.7 million   to   $1.17 billion   at   September 30,  
  
   47 

     Table of Contents  

2016   from   $1.15 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  Short-term FHLB advances   increase  d   $63.7 million   to   $709.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $645.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  Long-term FHLB advances   decrease  d   $39.0 million   to   $463.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $502.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Shareholders  equity at   September 30, 2016   totaled   $472.6 million   compared to   $444.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The 6.4%   increase   was primarily the result of net income of   $37.8 million   recorded for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of   $16.4 million  , stock compensation expense of   $1.2 million   and common stock issued under our dividend reinvestment plan of   $1.0 million  .  These   increase  s were partially offset by cash dividends paid of   $18.1 million   and the repurchase of   $10.2 million   of our common stock.  
    
  Key financial indicators management follows include, but are not limited to, numerous interest rate sensitivity and interest rate risk indicators, credit risk, operations risk, liquidity risk, capital risk, regulatory risk, competition risk, yield curve risk, U.S. Agency MBS prepayment risk, and economic risk indicators. 
    
  Balance Sheet Strategy 
  We utilize wholesale funding and securities to enhance our profitability and balance sheet composition by determining acceptable levels of credit, interest rate and liquidity risk consistent with prudent capital management.  This balance sheet strategy consists of borrowing a combination of long- and short-term funds from the FHLB, and when determined appropriate, issuing brokered CDs.  These funds are invested primarily in U.S. Agency MBS, long-term municipal securities and to a lesser extent, U.S. Treasury securities.  Although U.S. Agency MBS often carry lower yields than traditional mortgage loans and other types of loans we make, these securities generally (i) increase the overall quality of our assets because of either the implicit or explicit guarantees of the U.S. Government, (ii) are more liquid than individual loans and (iii) may be used to collateralize our borrowings or other obligations.  While the strategy of investing a substantial portion of our assets in U.S. Agency MBS and municipal securities has historically resulted in lower interest rate spreads and margins, we believe the lower operating expenses and reduced credit risk, combined with the managed interest rate risk of this strategy, have enhanced our overall profitability over the last several years.  At this time, we utilize this balance sheet strategy with the goal of enhancing overall profitability by maximizing the use of our capital. 
  Risks associated with the asset structure we maintain include a lower net interest rate spread and margin when compared to our peers, changes in the slope of the yield curve, which can reduce our net interest rate spread and margin, increased interest rate risk, the length of interest rate cycles, changes in volatility spreads associated with the MBS and municipal securities, the unpredictable nature of MBS prepayments and credit risks associated with the municipal securities.  See  Part I - Item 1A.  Risk Factors   Risks Related to Our Business  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , for a discussion of risks related to interest rates.  Our asset structure, net interest spread and net interest margin require us to closely monitor our interest rate risk.  An additional risk is the change in fair value of the AFS securities portfolio as a result of changes in interest rates.  Significant increases in interest rates, especially long-term interest rates, could adversely impact the fair value of the AFS securities portfolio, which could also significantly impact our equity capital.  Due to the unpredictable nature of MBS prepayments, the length of interest rate cycles, and the slope of the interest rate yield curve, net interest income could fluctuate more than simulated under the scenarios modeled by our ALCO and described under  Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Determining the appropriate size of the balance sheet is one of the critical decisions any bank makes.  Our balance sheet is not merely the result of a series of micro-decisions, but rather the size is controlled based on the economics of assets compared to the economics of funding.  The current low interest rate environment and investment and economic landscape requires that we monitor the interest rate sensitivity of the assets driving our growth and closely align ALCO objectives accordingly. 
  The management of our securities portfolio as a percentage of earning assets is guided by the current economics associated with increasing the securities portfolio, changes in our overall loan and deposit levels, and changes in our wholesale funding levels.  If adequate quality loan growth is not available to achieve our goal of enhancing profitability by maximizing the use of capital, as described above, then we may purchase additional securities, if appropriate, which may cause securities as a percentage of earning assets to increase.  Should we determine that increasing the securities portfolio or replacing the current securities maturities and principal payments is not an efficient use of capital, we may decrease the level of securities through proceeds from maturities, principal payments on MBS or sales.  Our balance sheet strategy is designed such that our securities portfolio should help mitigate financial performance associated with potential business cycles that include slower loan growth and higher credit costs. 
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold municipal securities and U.S. Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities ( CMBS ) that resulted in an overall   gain   on the sale of AFS securities of   $2.3 million  .  As long-term interest rates fluctuated during the third quarter we elected to take some gains by selling selected lower yielding long-term CMBS, lower yielding MBS and low balance, short duration MBS.  The CMBS we sold during the quarter were sold to help offset the increase in duration from the purchase of Texas municipals.  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we primarily purchased premium CMOs  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

with favorable expected returns in relation to risk, U.S. Agency CMBS, U.S. Treasury securities, and Texas municipals.  Our total portfolio, comprised of investment and MBS,   increase  d from   $2.24 billion   at   December 31, 2015   to   $2.40 billion   at   September 30, 2016  .  The total unamortized premium for our MBS was   $39.8 million   and   $40.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  
  At   September 30, 2016  , securities   increased   slightly as a percentage of assets to   43.9%   as compared to   43.5%   at   December 31, 2015   due to the overall   increase   in total assets of   $302.9 million  , comprised of a   $153.0 million  , or   6.8%     increase   in the securities portfolio.  The size of the securities portfolio was temporarily increased during the quarter to offset the interest expense associated with the sub-debt issued.  As loan growth occurs the securities portfolio will gradually be reduced.  Our balance sheet management strategy is dynamic and will be continually reevaluated as market conditions warrant.  As interest rates, yield curves, MBS prepayments, funding costs, security spreads and loan and deposit portfolios change, our determination of the proper types, amount and maturities of securities to own as well as funding needs and funding sources will continue to be reevaluated.  Should the economics of purchasing securities decrease, we may allow this part of the balance sheet to shrink through run-off or security sales.  However, should the economics become more attractive, we may strategically increase the securities portfolio and the balance sheet. 
  With respect to liabilities, we continue to utilize a combination of FHLB advances and deposits to achieve our strategy of minimizing cost while achieving overall interest rate risk objectives as well as the liability management objectives of the ALCO.  FHLB funding is the primary wholesale funding source we are currently utilizing. 
  Our FHLB borrowings   increase  d   2.2%  , or   $24.7 million  , to   $1.17 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $1.15 billion   at   December 31, 2015  .  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our long-term FHLB advances   decrease  d   $39.0 million  , to   $463.3 million   from   $502.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  In June 2016 we prepaid $63.0 million of FHLB advances with an average rate of 1.43%.  This represented some of our higher priced advances maturing through January 2017.  We paid prepayment fees of $148,000 associated with prepaying these advances.  During the   fourth quarter   of   2015   and continuing into the   first half   of   2016  , we entered into   various variable rate advance agreements with the FHLB  .  At   September 30, 2016  , these agreements had a total notional value of   $250.0 million   with rates ranging from   one-month LIBOR   plus   0.17%   to   one-month LIBOR   plus   0.278%  .  In addition, we entered into various interest rate swap contracts that are treated as cash flow hedges that effectively converted the variable rate advances to fixed interest rates ranging from   0.932%   to   1.647%   and original terms ranging from   four   years to   nine   years.  The cash flows of the swaps are expected to be effective in hedging the variability in expected future cash flows attributable to fluctuations in the one-month LIBOR interest rate.   
  On   September 19, 2016  , the Company issued   $100.0 million   aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes that mature on   September 30, 2026  .  This debt initially bears interest at a fixed rate of   5.50%   through   September 29, 2021   and thereafter, adjusts quarterly at a floating rate equal to   three-month LIBOR   plus   429.7   basis points.  The proceeds from the sale of the  subordinated notes will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include advances to subsidiaries to finance their activities.  The unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of the subordinated notes totaled approximately $1.9 million at   September 30, 2016  .   
  Our brokered CDs   decrease  d from   $85.3 million   at   December 31, 2015   to   $60.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , approximately $54.7 million of our brokered CDs were non-callable with remaining maturities less than twelve months.  The remaining $5.7 million of brokered CDs are long-term with short-term calls that we control.  Our wholesale funding policy currently allows maximum brokered CDs of $180 million; however, this amount could be increased to match changes in ALCO objectives.  The potential higher interest expense and lack of customer loyalty are risks associated with the use of brokered CDs.   
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the   increase   in deposits and   increase   in FHLB advances offset by the decrease in brokered deposits resulted in a slight decrease in our total wholesale funding as a percentage of deposits to   35.0%   at   September 30, 2016   from   36.6%   at   December 31, 2015  .  
  Results of Operations 
    
  Our results of operations are dependent primarily on net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income earned on assets (loans and investments) and interest expense due on our funding sources (deposits and borrowings) during a particular period.  Results of operations are also affected by our noninterest income, provision for loan losses, noninterest expenses and income tax expense.  General economic and competitive conditions, particularly changes in interest rates, changes in interest rate yield curves, prepayment rates of MBS and loans, repricing of loan relationships, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities also significantly affect our results of operations.  Future changes in applicable law, regulations or government policies may also have a material impact on us. 

49 

Table of Contents  

Net Interest Income 
    
  Net interest income is one of the principal sources of a financial institution s earnings stream and represents the difference or spread between interest and fee income generated from interest earning assets and the interest expense paid on deposits and borrowed funds.  Fluctuations in interest rates or interest rate yield curves, as well as repricing characteristics and volume, and changes in the mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, materially impact net interest income. 
  Net interest income for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   was   $33.9 million  , an   increase   of   $0.6 million  , or   1.9%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to increases in interest income from loans and MBS, partially offset by an   increase   in interest expense.  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , our net interest spread and net interest margin   decrease  d to   3.06%   and   3.19%  , respectively, from   3.25%   and   3.35%  , respectively, for the same period in   2015  . 
  Net interest income for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $104.9 million  , an   increase   of   $4.9 million  , or   4.9%  , compared to the same period in   2015   primarily due to increases in interest income from loans and MBS, partially offset by an increase in interest expense.  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our net interest spread and net interest margin   decrease  d to   3.23%   and   3.35%  , respectively, from   3.32%   and   3.41%  , respectively, for the same period in   2015  . 
  During the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , total interest income   increase  d   $2.9 million  , or   7.6%  , to   $41.1 million   compared to   $38.2 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was the result of the   increase   in average interest earning assets of   $355.1 million  , or   8.0%  , to   $4.80 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   $4.44 billion   for the same period in   2015  , offset by a slight   decrease   in the average yield on earning assets to   3.78%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   from   3.79%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015  .  
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , total interest income   increase  d   $10.7 million  , or   9.3%  , to   $125.2 million   compared to   $114.6 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   in total interest income was the result of the   increase   in average interest earning assets of   $311.4 million  , or   7.1%  , to   $4.72 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   $4.40 billion   for the same period in   2015  , and an   increase   in the average yield on earning assets to   3.92%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   3.85%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  The increase in the yield on interest earning assets during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   is the result of an increase in the average balance and yield on MBS. 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , average loans   increase  d   $236.1 million  , or   10.7%  , to   $2.44 billion  , when compared to   $2.20 billion   for the same period in   2015  .  The average yield on loans   decrease  d from   4.47%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   4.37%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Interest income on loans   increase  d   $2.0 million  , or   8.2%  , to   $25.7 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to   $23.8 million   for the same period in   2015   as a result of the   increase   in the average balance.   
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , average loans   increase  d   $239.8 million  , or   10.9%  , to   $2.43 billion  , when compared to   $2.19 billion   for the same period in   2015  .  The average yield on loans remained unchanged at   4.55%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  The interest income on loans   increase  d   $8.1   million, or   11.4%  , to   $79.7 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to   $71.6 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The interest income on loans increased due to the increase in average loans and a $1.3 million recovery of interest income on the payoff of a long-term nonaccrual loan during the first quarter of 2016.  The increase in average loans was primarily a result of strong loan growth in our market areas.  Construction loans, commercial real estate loans, and municipal loans represent a large part of this increase.  Due to the competitive loan pricing environment, we anticipate that we may be required to continue to offer lower interest rate loans that compete with those offered by other financial institutions in order to retain quality loan relationships.  Offering lower interest rate loans could impact the overall yield on loans and, therefore, profitability.   
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , average investment and MBS   increase  d   $78.1 million  , or   3.6%  , to   $2.24 billion  , when compared to   $2.17 billion   for the same period in   2015  .  The overall yield on average investment and MBS   increase  d to   3.29%   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , from   3.21%   during the same period in   2015   as a result of an increase in tax-exempt investment securities and MBS with fixed yields and also due to less prepayments compared to the same period in 2015.  Interest income from investment and MBS   increase  d   $773,000  , or   5.4%  , to   $15.1 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $14.3 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   in interest income for the three months is due to an increase in the average balance and the average yield.     
  Average investment and MBS   increase  d   $46.2 million  , or   2.2%  , from   $2.12 billion   to   $2.17 billion  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  .  At   September 30, 2016  , all of our MBS were fixed rate securities.  The overall yield on average investment and MBS   increase  d to   3.37%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   from   3.27%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  .  Interest income on investment and MBS   increase  d   $2.0 million  , or   4.7%  , during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015   due to an increase in the average balance and average yield.  
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , average FHLB stock and other investments   increase  d   $8.1 million  , or   17.7%  , to   $54.1 million  , when compared to   $46.0 million   for the same period in   2015   due to an   increase   in average FHLB advances during   2016   and the corresponding requirement to hold stock associated with those advances.  Interest income from FHLB stock and other investments   increase  d   $121,000  , or   186.2%  , to   $186,000  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to   $65,000   for the same period in   2015   as a result of the   increase   in the average balance and average yield from   0.56%   in   2015   to   1.37%   in   2016  .  The FHLB stock is a variable instrument with the rate typically tied to the federal funds rate.  We are required as a member of the FHLB to own a specific amount of stock that changes as the level of our FHLB advances and asset size change.  
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , average FHLB stock and other investments   increase  d   $9.8 million  , or   22.3%  , to   $54.1 million  , when compared to   $44.2 million   for the same period in   2015   due to an   increase   in average FHLB advances during   2016   and the corresponding requirement to hold stock associated with those advances.  Interest income from our FHLB stock and other investments   increase  d   $365,000  , or   163.7%  , during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to the same period in   2015   due to an   increase   in the average balance and average yield from   0.67%   in   2015   to   1.45%   in   2016  .   
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our average loans   increase  d when compared to the same period in   2015  .  Average loans   increase  d to   51.7%   of average total interest earning assets for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   as compared to   49.9%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average total securities as a percentage of average total interest earning assets was   47.1%   and   49.2%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The other interest earning asset categories averaged   1.2%   and   0.9%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Total interest expense   increase  d   $2.3 million  , or   46.1%  , to   $7.2 million   during the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $4.9 million   during the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   was attributable to the   increase   in average interest bearing liabilities of   $331.9 million  , or   9.1%  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   and an   increase   from the average rate paid of   0.54%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   0.72%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  The   increase   in average interest bearing liabilities was primarily the result of the   increase   in interest bearing deposits, short-term interest bearing liabilities and the issuance of the subordinated notes.  
  Total interest expense   increase  d   $5.7 million  , or   39.2%  , to   $20.3 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $14.6 million   during the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   was attributable to the   increase   in average interest bearing liabilities of   $259.1 million  , or   7.1%  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   and an   increase   from the average rate paid of   0.53%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   0.69%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The   increase   in average interest bearing liabilities was primarily the result of the   increase   in interest bearing deposits, short-term interest bearing liabilities and the issuance of the subordinated notes. 
  Our average total deposits   increase  d   $152.2 million  , or   4.5%  , from   $3.38 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   $3.53 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Interest expense for interest bearing deposits for the   three months ended September 30, 2016     increase  d   $1.1 million  , or   45.0%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  , due to an   increase   in the average balance and average rate paid.   
  Our average total deposits   increase  d   $142.8 million  , or   4.2%  , from   $3.43 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $3.57 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Interest expense for interest bearing deposits for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016     increase  d   $2.9 million  , or   38.2%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  , due to an   increase   in the average balance and average rate paid. 
  Average interest bearing deposits   increase  d   $165.0 million  , or   6.2%  , from   $2.67 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   $2.83 billion   for the same period in 2016 and the average rate paid   increase  d from   0.37%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   0.51%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  .  Average time deposits   increase  d   $115.1 million  , or   13.8%  , from   $834.0 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2015   to   $949.0 million   for the same period in   2016  , and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.87%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.65%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average interest bearing demand deposits   increase  d   $34.4 million  , or   2.2%  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015   and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.36%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.26%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average savings deposits   increase  d   $15.5 million  , or   6.6%  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , and the average rate paid   increase  d slightly to   0.11%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.10%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average noninterest bearing demand deposits   decrease  d   $12.8 million  , or   1.8%  , during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  The latter three categories, interest bearing demand deposits, savings deposits and noninterest bearing demand deposits, are considered the lowest cost deposits and comprised   73.2%   and   75.3%   of total average deposits during the   three months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  
  Average interest bearing deposits   increase  d   $133.8 million  , or   4.9%  , from   $2.75 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $2.88 billion   for the same period in 2016, and the average rate paid   increase  d from   0.37%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   to   0.48%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  Average time deposits   increase  d   $96.8 million  , or  
  
   51 

     Table of Contents  

11.4%  , from   $850.2 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015   to   $947.0 million   for the same period in   2016  , and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.81%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.63%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average interest bearing demand deposits   increase  d   $26.4 million  , or   1.6%  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.35%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.26%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average savings deposits   increase  d   $10.5 million  , or   4.5%  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , and the average rate paid   increase  d slightly to   0.11%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , as compared to   0.10%   for the same period in   2015  .  Average noninterest bearing demand deposits   increase  d   $9.1 million  , or   1.3%  , during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  The latter three categories, interest bearing demand deposits, savings deposits and noninterest bearing demand deposits, are considered the lowest cost deposits and comprised   73.5%   and   75.2%   of total average deposits during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.   
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , average short-term interest bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of FHLB advances and repurchase agreements, were   $608.1 million   and reflected an   increase   of   $209.2 million  , or   52.4%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  .  Interest expense associated with short-term interest bearing liabilities   increase  d   $768,000  , or   216.9%  , for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.73%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   0.35%   for the same period in   2015  .   
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , average short-term interest bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of FHLB advances and repurchase agreements, were   $469.8 million   and reflected an   increase   of   $168.1 million  , or   55.7%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  .  Interest expense associated with short-term interest bearing liabilities   increase  d   $2.1 million  , or   319.1%  , for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to the same period in   2015  , and the average rate paid   increase  d to   0.77%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   0.29%   for the same period in   2015  .  The   increase   in the interest expense was due to an   increase   in the average balance and the average rate paid. 
  For the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , average long-term interest bearing liabilities consisting of FHLB advances were   $472.5 million   and reflected a   decrease   of   $55.1 million  , or   10.4%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  .  Interest expense associated with long-term FHLB advances increased slightly for the   three months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due to an increase in the average rate paid, partially offset by a decrease in average balance.  The average rate paid   increase  d to   1.56%   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to   1.29%   for the same period in   2015  .   
  For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , average long-term interest bearing liabilities consisting of FHLB advances were   $510.4 million   and reflected a   decrease   of   $47.1 million  , or   8.5%  , when compared to the same period in   2015  .  Interest expense associated with long-term FHLB advances   increase  d for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015   due to an increase in the average rate paid, partially offset by a decrease in average balance.  The average rate paid   increase  d to   1.51%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , when compared to   1.28%   for the same period in   2015  . 
  Average subordinated notes, consisting of   $100.0 million   aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2026 issued on   September 19, 2016  , was   $12.8 million   and   $4.3 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The   $100.0 million   aggregate principal amount of subordinated notes initially bears interest at a fixed rate of   5.50%   through   September 29, 2021   and thereafter, adjusts quarterly at a floating rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 429.7 basis points  . 
  Average long-term debt, consisting of our junior subordinated debentures, was   $60.2 million   for both the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  Interest expense associated with long-term debt   increase  d for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , as a result of an   increase   in the average rate paid during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  .  The interest rate on the   $20.5 million   of long-term debentures issued to Southside Statutory Trust III adjusts quarterly at a rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 294 basis points  .  The interest rate on the   $23.2 million   of long-term debentures issued to Southside Statutory Trust IV adjusts quarterly at a rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 130 basis points  .  The interest rate on the   $12.9 million   of long-term debentures issued to Southside Statutory Trust V adjusts quarterly at a rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 225 basis points  .  The interest rate on the   $3.6 million   of long-term debentures issued to Magnolia Trust Company I, adjusts quarterly at a rate equal to   three-month LIBOR plus 180 basis points  .  

52 

     Table of Contents  

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The analysis below shows the average balance of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities together with the average yield on the interest earning assets and the average rate of the interest bearing liabilities.  

(1) 
    Interest on loans includes fees on loans that are not material in amount. 
                (4) 
    For the purpose of calculating the average yield, the average balance of securities is presented at historical cost. 
              (5) 
    The unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of the subordinated notes totaled approximately $220,000 for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
     
   53 

     Table of Contents  

(6) 
    Represents issuance of junior subordinated debentures.  In connection with the adoption of ASU 2015-03 that requires unamortized debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, our average balance sheets for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   reflect a decrease in long-term debt of $77,000 and $82,000, respectively. 
       
  Note:  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , loans totaling   $8,536   and   $20,988  , respectively, were on nonaccrual status.  Our policy is to reverse previously accrued but unpaid interest on nonaccrual loans; thereafter, interest income is recorded to the extent received when appropriate.   
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Interest on loans includes fees on loans that are not material in amount. 
                (4) 
    For the purpose of calculating the average yield, the average balance of securities is presented at historical cost. 
              (5) 
    The unamortized debt issuance costs deducted from the carrying amount of the subordinated notes totaled approximately $74,000 for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
     
   55 

     Table of Contents  

(6) 
    Represents issuance of junior subordinated debentures.  In connection with the adoption of ASU 2015-03 that requires unamortized debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, our average balance sheets for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   reflect a decrease in long-term debt of $78,000 and $83,000, respectively. 
       
  Note:  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , loans totaling   $8,536   and   $20,988  , respectively, were on nonaccrual status.  Our policy is to reverse previously accrued but unpaid interest on nonaccrual loans; thereafter, interest income is recorded to the extent received when appropriate. 

Noninterest Income 
  Noninterest income consists of revenue generated from a broad range of financial services and activities including deposit related fee based services such as ATM, overdraft, and check processing fees.  In addition, we earn income from the sale of loans and securities, trust services, bank owned life insurance ( BOLI ), brokerage services, and other fee generating programs that we either provide or in which we participate. 
  Noninterest income was   $11.7 million   and   $32.7 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $9.4 million   and   $29.1 million   for the same periods in   2015  , an   increase   of   $2.4 million  , or   25.3%  , and   $3.6 million  , or   12.4%  , respectively.  The   increase   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same periods in   2015   was primarily due to   increase  s in net gain on sale of securities available for sale, gain on sale of loans and other income.   
  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we pro-actively managed our investment portfolio.  We primarily sold CMOs, U.S. Agency CMBS, Texas municipal securities, U.S. Agency MBS, and U.S. Treasury securities that resulted in a net gain on sale of AFS securities of   $2.3 million   and   $5.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $875,000   and   $3.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The fair value of the AFS securities portfolio was   $1.62 billion   with a net unrealized gain of   $36.0 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  The net unrealized gain was comprised of   $38.7 million   in unrealized gains and   $2.7 million   in unrealized losses.  The fair value of the HTM securities portfolio was   $814.1 million   with a net unrealized gain at   September 30, 2016   of   $29.7 million  .  The net unrealized gain was comprised of   $44.6 million   in unrealized gains and   $14.8 million   in unrealized losses.  During the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we primarily purchased premium CMOs and Texas municipal securities. 
  Gain on sale of loans   increase  d   $513,000  , or   168.2%  , and   $830,000  , or   55.2%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The   increase   in gain on sale of loans was primarily due to an increase in the number of loans sold and the related servicing release and secondary market fees.   
  Other income   increase  d   $230,000  , or   24.7%  , and   $288,000  , or   10.2%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The   increase   in other income was primarily attributable to an increase in net gain on sale of assets during the third quarter and return on other investments which was partially offset by the decrease in mortgage servicing fee income due to a slight decline in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights as a result of an increase in estimated prepayment speeds.  
  Noninterest Expense 
  We incur certain types of noninterest expenses associated with the operation of our various business activities, the largest of which are salaries and employee benefits.  Noninterest expense was   $28.4 million   and   $83.6 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $26.6 million   and   $84.5 million   for the same periods in   2015  , respectively, representing an   increase   of   $1.8 million  , or   6.7%  , and a decrease of $0.9 million, or   1.0%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  ,  respectively.  The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily attributable to increases in occupancy expense, professional fees, and other noninterest expense.  The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   was primarily attributable to decreases in salaries and employee benefits, other noninterest expense, software and data processing expense and telephone and communications expense, partially offset by an increase in professional fees and FHLB prepayment fees. 
  Salaries and employee benefits expense   decrease  d   $530,000  , or   3.4%  , and   $3.0 million  , or   5.9%  , during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The decrease for the three months was primarily the result of a decrease in retirement and health insurance expense.  The decrease for the nine months was primarily the result of a decrease in direct salary expense.   
  Direct salary expense and payroll taxes   decrease  d   $71,000  , or   0.5%  , and   $3.1 million  , or   7.2%  , during the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  This   decrease   was primarily due to lower salary expense in 2016 due to non-recurring salary payments, severance, and stay pay of $4.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  This decrease was partially offset by normal salary increases effective in the first quarter of 2016. 
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

Retirement expense, included in salary and benefits,   decrease  d   $304,000  , or   26.2%  , and   increase  d   $1.0 million  , or   32.2%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The   increase   was primarily due to a one-time expense of $1.7 million related to the acceptance of early retirement packages by 16 employees during the first quarter of 2016, partially offset by a decrease in the restoration plan expense due to an increase in the discount rate to 4.56% from 4.14% for the same period in   2015  .   
  Health and life insurance expense, included in salary and benefits,   decrease  d   $155,000  , or   11.5%  , and   $985,000  , or   22.1%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The   decrease   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due to decreased health claims expense and plan administrative costs for the comparable period of time.  We have a self-insured health plan which is supplemented with stop loss insurance policies.  Health insurance costs are rising nationwide and although they decreased in the first nine months of 2016, these costs may increase during the last quarter of   2016  . 
  Occupancy expense   increase  d   $1.3 million  , or   37.8%  , and   $1.3 million  , or   13.3%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in 2015, due to the early termination of a lease.    During the third quarter, we prepaid a lease at approximately 59% of the remaining lease payments on a Fort Worth operations facility that was recently vacated.  The cost of prepaying this lease, combined with writing off the leasehold improvements, was $1.8 million.   
  Professional fees   increase  d   $323,000  , or   39.2%  , and   $1.6 million  , or   68.0%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, when compared to the same periods in 2015, due to increased consulting fees associated with process improvement and re-branding efforts initiated in January 2016 and increased legal expense.  
  Software and data processing expenses   decrease  d   $83,000  , or   10.1%  , and   $863,000  , or   28.0%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   due primarily to additional software applications and integration costs incurred in connection with the integration of Omni during the first half of 2015 that were not incurred in 2016. 
  Telephone and communications expense   decrease  d   $127,000  , or   23.8%  , and   $247,000  , or   15.4%  , for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, as compared to the same periods in   2015   primarily due to cost synergies that resulted from the integration of Omni as well as reductions in expense due to the closure of several branches and the dissolution of SFG during 2015.   
  FHLB prepayment fees   increase  d   $148,000  , or 100.0%, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in   2015   as a result of the prepayment of $63.0 million in FHLB advances during the second quarter of 2016. 
  Other noninterest expense   increase  d   $738,000  , or   20.9%  , for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in   2015  .  The increase in other noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was primarily due to increased expense related to repossessed assets, losses on off-balance sheet commitments and loans sold with recourse which was partially offset by decreases in check card losses.   
  Income Taxes 
  Pre-tax income for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was   $15.6 million   and   $46.3 million  , respectively, compared to   $13.7 million   and   $38.1 million   for the same periods in   2015  , respectively.  We recorded income tax expense of   $2.7 million   and   $8.5 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to income tax expense of   $2.0 million   and   $5.8 million   for the same periods in   2015  , respectively.  The effective tax rate ( ETR ) as a percentage of pre-tax income was   17.6%   and   18.3%   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to an ETR as a percentage of pre-tax income of   14.4%   and   15.3%   for the same periods in   2015  , respectively.  The   increase   in the ETR for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   was due to a decrease in tax-exempt income as a percentage of pre-tax income, as compared to the same periods in   2015  .  The ETR differs from the stated rate of 35% during the comparable period primarily due to the effect of tax-exempt income from municipal loans and securities, as well as bank owned life insurance.  Net deferred tax assets totaled   $9.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $19.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  .  The   $10.7 million     decrease   in deferred tax asset was due primarily to the increase in the unrealized gain in the AFS securities portfolio.    No   valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was recorded at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  , as management believes it is more likely than not that all of the deferred tax assets will be realized in future years.  
  Liquidity and Interest Rate Sensitivity    
  Liquidity management involves our ability to convert assets to cash with a minimum risk of loss to enable us to meet our obligations to our customers at any time.  This means addressing: (1) the immediate cash withdrawal requirements of depositors and other fund providers; (2) the funding requirements of all lines and letters of credit; and (3) the short-term credit needs of customers.  Liquidity is provided by short-term investments that can be readily liquidated with a minimum risk of loss.  Cash,  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents  

interest earning deposits and short-term investments with maturities or repricing characteristics of one year or less continue to be a substantial percentage of total assets.  At   September 30, 2016  , these investments were   13.5%   of total assets, as compared with   11.0%   for   December 31, 2015   and   11.7%   for   September 30, 2015  .  The   increase   to   13.5%   at   September 30, 2016   is primarily reflective of increases in total assets and interest earning deposits combined with changes in the investment portfolio.  Liquidity is further provided through the matching, by time period, of rate sensitive interest earning assets with rate sensitive interest bearing liabilities.  Southside Bank has three unsecured lines of credit for the purchase of overnight federal funds at prevailing rates with Frost Bank, TIB-The Independent Bankers Bank and Comerica Bank for $30.0 million, $15.0 million and $7.5 million, respectively.  There were no federal funds purchased at   September 30, 2016  .  Southside Bank has a $5.0 million line of credit with Frost Bank to be used to issue letters of credit and at   September 30, 2016  , we had one outstanding letter of credit for $195,000.  At   September 30, 2016  , the amount of additional funding Southside Bank could obtain from FHLB using unpledged securities at FHLB was approximately $546.6 million, net of FHLB stock purchases required.  Southside Bank currently has no outstanding letters of credit from FHLB as collateral for a portion of its public fund deposits. 
  Interest rate sensitivity management seeks to avoid fluctuating net interest margins and to enhance consistent growth of new interest income through periods of changing interest rates.  The ALCO closely monitors various liquidity ratios and interest rate spreads and margins.  The ALCO performs interest rate simulation tests that apply various interest rate scenarios including immediate shocks and market value of portfolio equity ( MVPE ) with interest rates immediately shocked plus and minus 200 basis points to assist in determining our overall interest rate risk and adequacy of the liquidity position.  In addition, the ALCO utilizes a simulation model to determine the impact on net interest income of several different interest rate scenarios.  By utilizing this technology, we can determine changes that need to be made to the asset and liability mix to minimize the change in net interest income under these various interest rate scenarios.  See Part I -  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
   
  Capital Resources 
  Our total shareholders  equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $472.6 million  , representing an   increase   of   6.4%  , or   $28.5 million  , from   December 31, 2015  , and represented   8.6%   of total assets both at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  Increases to our shareholders  equity primarily consisted of net income of   $37.8 million  , a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of   $16.4 million  , stock compensation expense of   $1.2 million   and common stock (  33,622   shares) issued under our dividend reinvestment plan of   $1.0 million  .  These   increase  s were partially offset by cash dividends paid of   $18.1 million   and the repurchase of   $10.2 million   of our common stock.  
  On   May 5, 2016  , our board of directors declared a   5%   stock dividend to common stock shareholders of record as of   May 31, 2016  , which was paid on   June 28, 2016  .  
  As a result of new regulations, we are now required to comply with higher minimum capital requirements (the  Updated Capital Rules ).  The Updated Capital Rules, which became applicable to the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015, made substantial changes to previous capital standards.  Among other things, the new regulations (i) introduced a new capital requirement known as  Common Equity Tier 1  ( CET1 ), (ii) stated that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and  Additional Tier 1 capital  instruments meeting certain requirements, (iii) defined CET1 to require that most deductions and adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital and (iv) revised the scope of the deductions and adjustments from capital as compared to regulations that previously applied to the Company and other banking organizations. 
  The Updated Capital Rules also established the following minimum capital ratios, which started to phase in on January 1, 2015: 4.5 percent CET1 to risk-weighted assets; 6.0 percent Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets; 8.0 percent total capital to risk-weighted assets; and 4.0 percent Tier 1 leverage ratio to average consolidated assets.  In addition, the Updated Capital Rules also introduced a minimum  capital conservation buffer  equal to 2.5% of an organization s total risk-weighted assets, which exists in addition to these new required minimum CET1, Tier 1, and total capital ratios.  The  capital conservation buffer,  which must consist entirely of CET1, is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress.  The Updated Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1, which include the requirement that mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carry-backs and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15% of CET1. 
  Under the previous capital framework, the effects of accumulated other comprehensive income items included in shareholders  equity under U.S. GAAP were excluded for the purposes of determining capital ratios.  Under the Updated Capital Rules, we elected to permanently exclude capital in accumulated other comprehensive income in Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital, and Total capital to risk-weighted assets and Tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets. 
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

Under the Updated Capital Rules, certain hybrid securities, such as trust preferred securities, do not qualify as Tier 1 capital.  For bank holding companies that had assets of less than $15 billion as of December 31, 2009, which includes Southside, trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 can be treated as Tier 1 capital to the extent that they do not exceed 25% of Tier 1 capital after the application of capital deductions and adjustments. 
  Failure to meet minimum capital requirements under the Updated Capital Rules could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by our regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements.  Management believes that, as of   September 30, 2016  , we met all capital adequacy requirements to which we were subject. 
  The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires bank regulatory agencies to take  prompt corrective action  with respect to FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements.  A depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions will depend on how its capital levels compare to various capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation.  Prompt corrective action and other discretionary actions could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. 
  It is management s intention to maintain our capital at a level acceptable to all regulatory authorities and future dividend payments will be determined accordingly.  Regulatory authorities require that any dividend payments made by either us or the Bank not exceed earnings for that year.  Accordingly, shareholders should not anticipate a continuation of the cash dividend simply because of the existence of a dividend reinvestment program.  The payment of dividends will depend upon future earnings, our financial condition, and other related factors including the discretion of the board of directors. 
  To be categorized as well capitalized we must maintain minimum Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, Total capital risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the following table: 

59 

     Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Refers to quarterly average assets as calculated in accordance with policies established by bank regulatory agencies. 
     Management believes that, as of   September 30, 2016  , Southside Bancshares and Southside Bank would meet all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules on a fully phased-in basis as if such requirements were currently in effect. 
    
  The table below summarizes our key equity ratios for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

60 

     Table of Contents  

Composition of Loans 
  One of our main objectives is to seek attractive lending opportunities in Texas, primarily in the counties in which we operate.  Refer to  Part I - Item 1. Business - Market Area  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   for a discussion of our primary market area and the geographic concentration of our loan portfolio as of   December 31, 2015  .  There were no substantial changes in these concentrations during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  Substantially all of our loan originations are made to borrowers who live in and conduct business in the counties in Texas in which we operate or adjoin, with the exception of municipal loans, which are made almost entirely in Texas.  Municipal loans are made to municipalities, counties, school districts and colleges primarily throughout the state of Texas. 
  Total loans   increase  d   $51.9 million  , or   2.1%  , to   $2.48 billion   at   September 30, 2016   from   $2.43 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , and   increase  d   $244.5 million  , or   10.9%  , from   $2.24 billion   at   September 30, 2015  .  Average loans   increase  d   $239.8 million  , or   10.9%  , during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  . 
  The banking industry is affected by general economic conditions such as interest rates, inflation, recession, unemployment and other factors beyond our control.  During the last thirty years the Texas economy has continued to diversify, decreasing the overall impact of fluctuations in oil and gas prices; however, the oil and gas industry is still a significant component of the Texas economy.  Since 2010, economic growth and business activity across a wide range of industries and regions in the U.S. has been slow and uneven.  During a majority of that time economic growth and business activity in Texas exceeded the U.S. average.  However in 2014, decisions by certain members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) to maintain higher crude oil production levels, combined with increased production levels in the United States, led to increased global oil supplies which has resulted in significant declines in market oil prices.  Decreased market oil prices have compressed margins for many U.S. and Texas-based oil producers, particularly those that utilize higher-cost production technologies such as hydraulic fracking and horizontal drilling, as well as oilfield service providers, energy equipment manufacturers and transportation suppliers, among others.  As of October 26, 2016, the price per barrel of crude oil was approximately $49 compared to approximately $98 as of December 31, 2013.  A prolonged period of low oil prices could have a negative impact on the U.S. economy and, in particular, the economies of energy-dominant states such as Texas.  Loans with oil and gas industry exposure totaled 1.13% of the loan portfolio at   September 30, 2016  .  We cannot predict whether current economic conditions will improve, remain the same or decline.  A decline in credit markets generally could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation if we are unable to extend credit or sell loans into the secondary market. 
  
   61 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth loan totals for the periods presented: 

Total loans   increase  d for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   due to continued growth in our Austin and Dallas-Fort Worth markets.  
  Construction loans   increase  d   $28.1 million  , or   6.4%  , to   $466.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $438.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   increase  d   $124.0 million  , or   36.2%  , from   $342.3 million   at   September 30, 2015   due to continued growth in our Austin and Dallas-Fort Worth markets. 
  Our 1-4 family residential loans   decrease  d   $10.7 million  , or   1.6%  , to   $644.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $655.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   decrease  d   $33.7 million  , or   5.0%  , from   $678.4 million   at   September 30, 2015   due primarily to payoffs in excess of originations.  
  Commercial real estate loans   increase  d   $124.6 million  , or   19.6%  , to   $759.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $635.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   increase  d   $222.6 million  , or   41.4%  , from   $537.2 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  Our commercial real estate loans continued to increase during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   primarily as a result of the continued growth in our Austin and Dallas-Fort Worth markets.   
  Commercial loans   decrease  d   $51.4 million  , or    21.2%  , to   $191.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $242.5 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   decrease  d   $37.1 million  , or   16.3%  , from   $228.3 million   at   September 30, 2015   due primarily to payoffs in excess of originations and charge-offs of approximately $10.9 million on two large commercial loans. 
  Municipal loans   increase  d   $5.8 million  , or   2.0%  , to   $293.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   from   $288.1 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   increase  d   $31.6 million  , or   12.0%  , from   $262.4 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  
  Loans to individuals   decrease  d   $44.6 million  , or   25.9%  , to   $127.7 million   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $172.2 million   at   December 31, 2015  , and   decrease  d   $62.9 million  , or   33.0%  , from   $190.6 million   at   September 30, 2015  , which reflects the continued roll-off of the indirect automobile loan portfolio acquired from Omni. 
  Loan Loss Experience and Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The allowance for loan losses is based on the most current review of the loan portfolio and is a result of multiple processes.  First, we utilize historical net charge-off data to establish general reserve amounts for each class of loans.  The historical charge-off figure is further adjusted through qualitative factors that include general trends in past dues, nonaccruals and classified loans to more effectively and promptly react to both positive and negative movements not reflected in historical data.  Second, our lenders have the primary responsibility for identifying problem loans based on customer financial stress and underlying collateral.  These recommendations are reviewed by senior loan administration, the special assets department and the loan review department.  Third, the loan review department independently reviews the portfolio on an annual basis.  The loan review department follows a board-approved annual loan review scope.  The loan review scope encompasses a number of considerations including the size of the loan, the type of credit extended, the seasoning of the loan and the performance of the loan.  The loan review scope, as it relates to size, focuses more on larger dollar loan relationships, typically aggregate debt of   $500,000   or greater.  The loan review officer also reviews specific reserves compared to general reserves to determine trends in comparative reserves as well as losses not reserved for prior to charge-off to determine the effectiveness of the specific reserve process. 
  
   62 

     Table of Contents  

At each review, a subjective analysis methodology is used to grade the respective loan.  Categories of grading vary in severity from loans that do not appear to have a significant probability of loss at the time of review to loans that indicate a probability that the entire balance of the loan will be uncollectible.  If at the time of review we determine it is probable that we will not collect the principal and interest cash flows contractually due on the loan,  estimates of future expected cash flows or appraisals of the collateral securing the debt are used to determine the necessary allowances.  The internal loan review department maintains a list of all loans or loan relationships that are graded as having more than the normal degree of risk associated with them.  In addition, a list of specifically reserved loans or loan relationships of   $150,000   or more is updated on a quarterly basis in order to properly determine necessary allowances and keep management informed on the status of attempts to correct the deficiencies noted with respect to the loan. 
  We calculate historical loss ratios for pools of loans with similar characteristics based on the proportion of actual charge-offs experienced, consistent with the characteristics of remaining loans, to the total population of loans in the pool.  The historical gross loss ratios are updated based on actual charge-off experience quarterly and adjusted for qualitative factors.  All loans are subject to individual analysis if determined to be impaired with the exception of consumer loans and loans secured by 1-4 family residential loans. 
  Industry and our own experience indicates that a portion of our loans will become delinquent and a portion of the loans will require partial or full charge-off.  Regardless of the underwriting criteria utilized, losses may occur as a result of various factors beyond our control, including, among other things, changes in market conditions affecting the value of properties used as collateral for loans and problems affecting the credit worthiness of the borrower and the ability of the borrower to make payments on the loan.  Our determination of the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses is based on various considerations, including an analysis of the risk characteristics of various classifications of loans, previous loan loss experience, specific loans which would have loan loss potential, delinquency trends, estimated fair value of the underlying collateral, current economic conditions, and geographic and industry loan concentration. 
  After all of the data in the loan portfolio is accumulated the reserve allocations are separated into various loan classes.   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our review of the loan portfolio indicated that a loan loss allowance of   $16.0 million   was appropriate to cover probable losses in the portfolio.  Changes in economic and other conditions may require future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses. 
  During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , the allowance for loan losses   decrease  d   $3.7 million  , or   19.0%  , to   $16.0 million  , or   0.64%   of total loans, when compared to   $19.7 million  , or   0.81%   of total loans at   December 31, 2015   as a result of  charge-offs associated with two large commercial borrowing relationships, one of which previously had a specific reserve.  The allowance for loan losses decreased   $2.4 million  , or   13.1%  , from   $18.4 million  , or   0.82%   of total loans at   September 30, 2015  .  
  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , loan charge-offs were   $1.3 million   and   $13.7 million  , respectively, and recoveries were   $711,000   and   $2.2 million  , respectively.  For the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2015  , loan charge-offs were   $1.3 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively, and recoveries were   $605,000   and   $2.0 million  , respectively.  The necessary provision expense was estimated at   $1.6 million   and   $7.7 million   for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016  , respectively, a   decrease   of   $645,000  , or   28.3%  , and an increase of   $1.3 million  , or   20.7%  , from   $2.3 million   and   $6.4 million  , respectively, for the comparable periods in   2015  .  The increase in provision expense for the nine months was due to the charge-offs applied to two large commercial borrowing relationships during the second quarter. 
  Nonperforming Assets 
  Nonperforming assets consist of delinquent loans 90 days or more past due, nonaccrual loans, OREO, repossessed assets and restructured loans.  Nonaccrual loans are loans 90 days or more delinquent and collection in full of both the principal and interest is not expected.  Additionally, some loans that are not delinquent may be placed on nonaccrual status due to doubts about full collection of principal or interest.  When a loan is categorized as nonaccrual, the accrual of interest is discontinued and any accrued balance is reversed for financial statement purposes.  OREO represents real estate taken in full or partial satisfaction of debts previously contracted.  The dollar amount of OREO is based on a current evaluation of the OREO at the time it is recorded on our books, net of estimated selling costs.  Updated valuations are obtained as needed and any additional impairments are recognized.  Restructured loans represent loans that have been renegotiated to provide a below market or deferral of interest or principal because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrowers.  The restructuring of a loan is considered a  troubled debt restructuring  if both (i) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and (ii) the creditor has granted a concession.  Concessions may include interest rate reductions or below market interest rates, principal forgiveness, restructuring amortization schedules and other actions intended to minimize potential losses.  Categorization of a loan as nonperforming is not in itself a reliable indicator of potential loan loss.  Other factors, such as the value of collateral securing the loan and the financial condition of the borrower must be considered in judgments as to potential loan loss.   
  
   63 

     Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth nonperforming assets for the periods presented (in thousands): 

Total nonperforming assets at   September 30, 2016   were   $16.0 million  , a   decrease   of   $16.5 million  , or   50.7%  , from   $32.5 million   at   December 31, 2015   and a   decrease   of   $17.6 million  , or   52.4%  , from   $33.6 million   at   September 30, 2015  .   
  From   December 31, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  , nonaccrual loans   decrease  d   $12.0 million  , or   58.4%  , to   $8.5 million  , and   decrease  d   $12.5 million  , or   59.3%  , from   September 30, 2015  .  Of the total nonaccrual loans at   September 30, 2016  ,   $3.7 million   are commercial loans,   $2.3 million   are commercial real estate loans,   $1.5 million   are residential real estate loans,   $673,000   are loans to individuals, and   $305,000   are construction loans.  Restructured loans   decrease  d   $4.0 million  , or   35.4%  , to   $7.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $11.1 million   at   December 31, 2015   and   decrease  d   $4.6 million  , or   38.9%  , from   $11.8 million   at   September 30, 2015  .  OREO   decrease  d   $507,000  , or   68.1%  , to   $237,000   at   September 30, 2016   from   $744,000   at   December 31, 2015   and   decrease  d   $556,000  , or   70.1%  , from   $793,000   at   September 30, 2015  .  The OREO at   September 30, 2016   consisted primarily of commercial real estate and 1-4 family residential properties.  We are actively marketing all properties and none are being held for investment purposes.  Repossessed assets   decrease  d   $23,000  , or   35.9%  , to   $41,000   at   September 30, 2016  , from   $64,000   at   December 31, 2015   and   decrease  d   $27,000  , or   39.7%  , from   $68,000   at   September 30, 2015  . 
  Acquisition 
  See  Note 2   Acquisition  in our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Expansion 
  We opened a loan production office in Frisco, Texas on September 12, 2016. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See  Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies  in our consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

ITEM 3.    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  The disclosures set forth in this item are qualified by the section captioned  Forward-Looking Statements  included in  Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this report and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  Refer to the discussion of market risks included in  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There have been no significant changes in the types of market risks we face since   December 31, 2015  . 
  In the banking industry, a major risk exposure is changing interest rates.  The primary objective of monitoring our interest rate sensitivity, or risk, is to provide management the tools necessary to manage the balance sheet to minimize adverse changes in net interest income as a result of changes in the direction and level of interest rates.  Federal Reserve Board monetary control efforts, the effects of deregulation, economic uncertainty and legislative changes have been significant factors affecting the task of managing interest rate sensitivity positions in recent years. 
  In an attempt to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, management closely monitors our exposure to interest rate risk through our ALCO.  Our ALCO meets regularly and reviews our interest rate risk position and makes recommendations to our board for adjusting this position.  In addition, our board reviews our asset/liability position on a monthly basis.  We primarily use two methods for measuring and analyzing interest rate risk:  net income simulation analysis and MVPE modeling.  We utilize the net income simulation model as the primary quantitative tool in measuring the amount of interest rate risk associated with changing market rates.  This model quantifies the effects of various interest rate scenarios on projected net interest income and net income over the next 12 months.  The model is used to measure the impact on net interest income relative to a base case scenario of rates immediately increasing 100 and 200 basis points or decreasing 100 and 200 basis points over the next 12 months.  These simulations incorporate assumptions regarding balance sheet growth and mix, pricing and the repricing and maturity characteristics of the existing and projected balance sheet.  The impact of interest rate-related risks such as prepayment, basis and option risk are also considered.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point immediate increases in interest rates would result in positive variances on net interest income of 2.21% and 2.18%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months, while an immediate decrease in interest rates of 100 and 200 basis points would result in positive variances in net interest income of 0.10% and 1.16%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months.  As of   December 31, 2015  , the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point immediate increases in interest rates would result in negative variances on net interest income of 0.42% and 1.78%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months, while an immediate decrease in interest rates of 100 and 200 basis points would result in a negative variance in net interest income of 1.18% and 0.38%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months.  As of   September 30, 2015  , the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point immediate increases in interest rates would result in negative variances on net interest income of 0.26% and 1.16%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months, while an immediate decrease in interest rates of 100 and 200 basis points would result in a negative variance in net interest income of 3.31% and 2.91%, respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months.  As part of the overall assumptions, certain assets and liabilities are given reasonable floors.  This type of simulation analysis requires numerous assumptions including but not limited to changes in balance sheet mix, prepayment rates on mortgage-related assets and fixed rate loans, cash flows and repricing of all financial instruments, changes in volumes and pricing, future shapes of the yield curve, relationship of market interest rates to each other (basis risk), credit spread and deposit sensitivity.  Assumptions are based on management s best estimates but may not accurately reflect actual results under certain changes in interest rates. 
  The ALCO monitors various liquidity ratios to ensure a satisfactory liquidity position for us.  Management continually evaluates the condition of the economy, the pattern of market interest rates and other economic data to determine the types of investments that should be made and at what maturities.  Using this analysis, management from time to time assumes calculated interest sensitivity gap positions to maximize net interest income based upon anticipated movements in the general level of interest rates.  Regulatory authorities also monitor our gap position along with other liquidity ratios.  In addition, as described above, we utilize a simulation model to determine the impact of net interest income under several different interest rate scenarios.  By utilizing this technology, we can determine changes that need to be made to the asset and liability mixes to mitigate the change in net interest income under these various interest rate scenarios. 
  
   65 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and our Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), undertook an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and, based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting in a timely manner the information that the Company is required to disclose in its reports under the Exchange Act and in accumulating and communicating to the Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, such information as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.   
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  No changes were made to our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

66 

Table of Contents  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
    
  We are involved with various litigation in the normal course of business.  Management, after consulting with our legal counsel, believes that any liability resulting from litigation will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

ITEM 1A.      RISK FACTORS 
    
  Additional information regarding risk factors appears in  Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Forward-Looking Statements  of this Form 10-Q and in Part I -  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  .  The risks and uncertainties described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   are not the only ones we face.  Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or focused on or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

ITEM 2.      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
  None.   

ITEM 3.      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
  None. 

ITEM 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
  None. 

ITEM 5.      OTHER INFORMATION 
  None. 

ITEM 6.      EXHIBITS 
  A list of exhibits to this Form 10-Q is set forth on the Exhibit Index and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTHSIDE BANCSHARES, INC. 

DATE: 
    October 28, 2016 
    BY: 
    /s/ SAM DAWSON 

Sam Dawson, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

DATE: 
    October 28, 2016 
    BY: 
    /s/ LEE R. GIBSON 

Lee R. Gibson, CPA, President 

DATE: 
    October 28, 2016 
    BY: 
    /s/ JULIE N. SHAMBURGER 

Julie N. Shamburger, CPA, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

68 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 
                   Exhibit Number 
      
    Description 

3 (a) 
      
    Restated Certificate of Formation of Southside Bancshares, Inc. effective May 2, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the Registrant s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, filed May 9, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3 (b)(i) 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of Southside Bancshares, Inc. effective November 20, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed November 24, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
      
    Subordinated Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Southside Bancshares, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed September 19, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.2 
      
    First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2016, by and between Southside Bancshares, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, including the form of the Notes attached as Exhibit A thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed September 19, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

*31.1 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

*31.2 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

*32 
      
    Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

*101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 

*101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

*101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

*101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

*101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

*101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

*Filed herewith. 

The certification attached as Exhibit 32 accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is  furnished  to the Commission pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed  filed  by us for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a093016exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Sam Dawson, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Southside Bancshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a093016exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Julie N. Shamburger, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Southside Bancshares, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                        Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JULIE N. SHAMBURGER 

Julie N. Shamburger, CPA 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 a093016exhibit32.htm

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
    
  In connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) by Southside Bancshares, Inc. ( Registrant ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies that to his knowledge: 
    
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Registrant. 
       
                     Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/  SAM DAWSON 

Sam Dawson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    October 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ JULIE N. SHAMBURGER 

Julie N. Shamburger, CPA 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 sbsi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sbsi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sbsi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sbsi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sbsi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sbsi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

