<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1089531_0001144204-16-134386_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7315425</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>403559</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>419284</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2023883</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2902332</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1404261</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>106</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134386.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114173825
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001089531
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				133883101
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15819
		FILM NUMBER:		161996397

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888C 8TH AVE, #106
		STREET 2:		58TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 509-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		888C 8TH AVE, #106
		STREET 2:		58TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Activeworlds Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070725

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACTIVEWORLDS COM INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990811

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134386.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452608_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended: 

  September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from: _____________
to _____________ 

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

15 Huangpu Science and Technology Park  

  Jiang an District  

  Wuhan, Hubei Province, PRC 430023  

 (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code) 

(011) 86 27 65694977  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   
 
   x  
 Yes    o  
 No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

  x  
 Yes    o    No  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  
      o  

Non-accelerated filer  
      o  

Smaller reporting company  
      x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  

Yes    x
   No    

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of November 10, 2016, there were 66,018,867 shares of common
stock outstanding, par value $0.001.  

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page Number      
 
        PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
       
     4  

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
       
     4  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (Unaudited)   
       
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine months Ended September 30, 2016 and  2015 (Unaudited)   
       
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)   
       
      6   

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
       
      7   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      30   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
     37  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
       
     39  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    
       
      41   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
       
      41   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
       
      41   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      41   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      41   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      41   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
       
      41   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
       
      42   

Signatures   
       
     44    

2  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE  SAFE HARBOR 
STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995   

Statements in this report that are not historical facts or information
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as  estimate, 
 project,   forecast,   plan,   believe,   may,   expect, 
 anticipate,   intend,   planned,   potential,   can,   expectation 
and similar expressions, or the negative of those expressions, may identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
are based on management s reasonable current assumptions and expectations. Such forward-looking statements involve risks,
uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievement to be materially
different from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, and there can be no assurance that actual
results will not differ materially from management s expectations. Such factors include, among others, the following: 

changes in the market price of gold;    

our ability to implement the key initiatives of, and realize the gross
and operating margins and projected benefits (in the amounts and time schedules we expect) from, our business strategy;    

non-performance of suppliers of their sale commitments and customers
of their purchase commitments;    

non-performance of third-party service providers;    

adverse conditions in the industries in which our customers operate,
including a general economic downturn , a recession globally, or sudden disruption in business conditions, and our ability to withstand
an economic downturn, recession, cost inflation, competitive or other market pressures, or conditions;    

the effect of political, economic, legal, tax and regulatory risks
imposed on us, including foreign exchange or other restrictions, adoption, interpretation and enforcement of foreign laws including
any changes thereto, as well as reviews and investigations by government regulators that have occurred or may occur from time to
time, including, for example, local regulatory scrutiny in China;    

our ability to manage growth;    

our ability to successfully identify new business opportunities and
identify and analyze acquisition candidates, secure financing on favorable terms and negotiate and consummate acquisitions as well
as to successfully manage any acquired business;    

our ability to integrate acquired businesses;    

the effect of economic factors, including inflation and fluctuations
in interest rates and currency exchange rates, foreign exchange restrictions and the potential effect of such factors on our business,
results of operations and financial condition;    

our ability to retain and attract senior management and other key
employees;    

any internal investigations and compliance reviews of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and related U.S. and foreign law matters in China and additional countries, as well as any disruption or
adverse consequences resulting from such investigations, reviews, related actions or litigation;    

changes in People s Republic of China ( PRC ) or
U.S. tax laws;    

increased levels of competition, and competitive uncertainties in
our markets, including competition from companies in the gold jewelry industry in the PRC, some of which are larger than we are
and have greater resources;    

the impact of the seasonal nature of our business, adverse effect
of rising energy, commodity and raw material prices, changes in market trends, purchasing habits of our consumers and changes in
consumer preferences;    

our ability to protect our intellectual property rights;    

the risk of an adverse outcome in any material pending and future
litigations;    

our ratings, our access to cash and financing and ability to secure
financing at attractive rates;    

our continuing relationship with major banks in China with whom we have certain gold lease agreements and working capital loans;   

our ability to understand China s commercial real estate market
as we build Kingold Jewelry Cultural Industry Park and to manage the relationships with the planned tenants in the Kingold Jewelry
Cultural Industry Park;    

our ability to sell the commercial property for which we received
permission to sell in 2014 that we are building in the Kingold Jewelry Cultural Industry Park    

our knowledge of and marketing capabilities in markets outside of
China, particularly the Middle East, as we begin to expand our business outside of China; and    

other risks, including those described in the  Risk Factors 
discussion of this periodic report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.    

We undertake no obligation to update any such forward looking
statement, except as required by law. 

3  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

    KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements   

4  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements   

5  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited
condensed consolidated Financial Statements   

6  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 1   BASIS OF PRESENTATION  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements of Kingold Jewelry, Inc. ( Kingold  or the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all of the
information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary to make the financial statements not misleading have been included.
Operating results for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. The information included in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with Management s
Discussion and Analysis, and the financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2016. 

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Principles of Consolidation  

Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Inc. ( Wuhan
Kingold ) should be considered as a 100% contractually controlled affiliate. Kingold is empowered, through its wholly owned
subsidiaries Dragon Lead Group Limited ( Dragon Lead ) and Wuhan Vogue-Show Jewelry Co., Inc. ( Wuhan Vogue-Show ),
with the ability to control and substantially influence Wuhan Kingold s daily operations and financial affairs, appoint its
senior executives and approve all matters requiring shareholders  approval. Kingold is also obligated to absorb a majority
of expected losses of Wuhan Kingold, which enables Kingold to receive a majority of expected residual returns from Wuhan Kingold,
and because Kingold has the power to direct the activities of Wuhan Kingold that most significantly impact Wuhan Kingold s
economic performance, Kingold, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, accounts for Wuhan Kingold as its Variable Interest Entity
under Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 810-10-05-8A. Accordingly, Kingold consolidates Wuhan Kingold s
operating results, assets and liabilities. The Company makes an ongoing assessment to determine whether Wuhan Kingold is still
a Variable Interest Entity. 

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements include the financial statements of Kingold, Dragon Lead, Wuhan Vogue-Show, Wuhan Kingold and its 55% controlled
subsidiaries Wuhan Kingold Internet Co., Ltd. ( Kingold Internet ) and Yuhuang Jewelry Design Co., Ltd ( Yuhuang ).
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Kingold, Dragon Lead, Wuhan Vogue-Show,
Wuhan Kingold, Kingold Internet and Yuhuang are hereinafter collectively referred to as the  Company.  

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of the consolidated financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates required to be made
by management include, but are not limited to, useful lives of property, plant and equipment, the recoverability of long-lived
assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, deferred tax assets and liabilities and share based compensation. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 

Restricted Cash  

As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had restricted cash of $111,471,928 and $26,649,687, respectively. Approximately $5.3
million was related to the bank loan with various financial institutions. Approximately $106.2 million was related to the gold
lease deposits with Shanghai Pudong Development Bank ( SPD Bank ), China Construction Bank ( CCB )   Commerce
Bank of China ( ICBC )   and CITIC Bank   see Note 16   Gold Lease
Transactions.    

Accounts Receivable  

The Company generally receives cash payment upon delivery of
a product, but may extend unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary course of business. The Company mitigates the associated
risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established and
recorded based on management s assessment of the credit history of the customers and current relationships with them. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was no allowance recorded as the Company considers all of the accounts receivable
fully collectible.  

7  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Inventories  

Inventories are stated at the lower of
cost or market value, and cost is calculated on the weighted average basis. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there
was no lower of cost or market adjustment because the carrying value of the Company s inventories was lower than the current
and expected market price of gold. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchases, costs of fixed and variable production
overhead and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present condition. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation. Expenditures for additions, major renewals and betterments are capitalized, and expenditures for maintenance and
repairs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis, less estimated
residual value, over an asset s estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives used in connection with the preparation
of the financial statements are as follows: 

Estimated   
  Useful Life    
 
      Buildings  
      30 years   
 
      Plant and machinery  
      15 years   
 
      Motor vehicles  
      10 years   
 
      Office furniture and electronic equipment  
      5   10 years   
 
      Building improvements  
      Over lease term   

Land Use Right  

Under PRC law, all land in the PRC is owned
by the government and cannot be sold to an individual or company. The government grants individuals and companies the right to
use parcels of land for specified periods of time. These land use rights are sometimes referred to informally as  ownership. 
Land use rights are stated at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided over the respective useful lives, using
the straight-line method. Estimated useful life is 50 years, and is determined in connection with the term of the land use right.  

Long-Lived Assets  

Certain assets such as property, plant
and equipment and construction in progress, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets that are held and used is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying
amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. There were no events or changes in circumstances that necessitated a review of impairment
of long-lived assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Property Held for Sale  

Property held for sale relates to the Company s commitment
to sell the real estate property of Kingold Jewelry Cultural Industry Park (the  Jewelry
Park ), to third party. On June 27, 2016, the Company entered into a transfer contract with third party, Wuhan Lianfuda Investment
Management Co., Ltd. ( Wuhan Lianfuda ), to sell all of its interest in the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda (the  Transfer
Transaction;  see Note 5). The Transfer Transaction has not been consummated as of September 30, 2016 therefore Jewelry Park
real estate property was treated as property held for sale because all of the following criteria were met: 

management
commits to a plan to sell a property;  

it is unlikely that the disposal plan will be significantly modified
or discontinued;    

the property is available for immediate sale in its present condition;    

actions required to complete the sale of the property have been initiated;    

sale of the property is probable and the expected completion of the
sale will occur within one year; and    

the property is actively being marketed for sale at a price that is
reasonable given its current market value.    

Upon designation the Jewelry Park as property
held for sale, the Company records the carrying value of the Jewelry Park at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair
value, less estimated costs to sell. 

8  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company follows the provisions of Accounting
Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.  ASC 820 clarifies the definition
of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used
in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1-Observable inputs such as unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. 

Level 2-Inputs other than quoted prices
that are observable for the asset or liability in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by
observable market data. 

Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs
which reflect management s assumptions based on the best available information. 

The carrying value of all current assets and liabilities approximate
their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company determined that the carrying value of the
long term loans approximated their fair value by comparing the stated loan interest rate to the rate charged by similar financial
institutions 

Revenue Recognition  

Net sales (gross sales less valued added
tax) are primarily composed of sales of branded products to wholesale and retail customers, as well as fees generated from customized
production. In customized production, a customer supplies the Company with the raw materials and the Company creates products per
that customer s instructions, whereas in branded production the Company generally purchases gold directly and manufactures
and markets the products on its own. The Company recognizes revenues under ASC 605 as follows: 

S les of br nded products  

The Company recognizes revenue on sales
of branded products when the goods are delivered and title to the goods passes to the customer provided that: (i) there are no
uncertainties regarding customer acceptance; (ii) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (iii) the sales price is fixed
and determinable; and (iv) collectability is deemed probable. 

Customized production fees  

The Company recognizes services-based revenue
(the processing fee) from such contracts for customized production when: (i) the contracted services have been performed and (ii)
collectability is deemed probable. 

Internet sales  

The Company also engages in promoting the
online sales of jewelry products through cooperation with Tmall.com, a large business-to-consumer online retail platform owned
by Alibaba Group. Consistent with the criteria of ASC 605, Revenue Recognition, the Company recognizes revenues of internet sales
when the following four revenue recognition criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has
occurred, (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

In accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition,
the Company evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of product sales and related costs or the net amount
earned as commissions. When the Company is primarily obligated in a transaction, is subject to inventory risk, has latitude in
establishing prices and selecting suppliers, or has several but not all of these indicators, revenues should be recorded on a gross
basis. When the Company is not the primary obligor, doesn t bear the inventory risk and doesn t have the ability to
establish the price, revenues are recorded on a net basis. 

9  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Income Taxes  

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets
and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in net income in the period including the enactment date. Valuation allowances
are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 

The provisions of ASC 740-10-25,  Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,  prescribe a more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken (or expected to be taken) in a tax return. This interpretation also provides guidance on the recognition of income tax assets
and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties
associated with tax positions, and related disclosures. The Company does not believe that there was any uncertain tax position
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

To the extent applicable, the Company records
interest and penalties as a general and administrative expense. The statute of limitations for the Company s U.S. federal
income tax returns and certain state income tax returns remains open for tax years 2010 and after. As of September 30, 2016, the
tax years ended December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2015 for the Company s PRC subsidiaries remain open for statutory
examination by PRC tax authorities. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

Kingold,
as well as its wholly owned subsidiary, Dragon Lead, maintain accounting records in United States Dollars ( US$ ),
whereas Wuhan Vogue-Show and Wuhan Kingold maintain their accounting records in Renminbi ( RMB ), which is the primary
currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. The Company s principal country of operations
is the PRC. The financial position and results of its operations are determined using RMB, the local currency, as the functional
currency. The results of operations and the statement of cash flows denominated in foreign currency are translated at the average
rate of exchange during the reporting period. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the balance sheet date
are translated at the applicable rates of exchange in effect at that date. The equity denominated in the functional currency is
translated at the historical rate of exchange at the time of capital contribution and stock issuance. Because cash flows are translated
based on the average translation rate, amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the statement of cash flows will not
necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the balance sheet. Translation adjustments arising from the use
of different exchange rates from period to period are included as a component of stockholders  equity as  Accumulated
Other Comprehensive Income (deficit) .      

The value of RMB against US$ and other
currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political and economic conditions.
Any significant revaluation of RMB may materially affect the Company s financial condition in terms of US$ reporting. The
following table outlines the currency exchange rates that were used in creating the consolidated financial statements in this report: 

10  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Comprehensive Income  

Comprehensive income consists of two components,
net income and other comprehensive income (loss). The foreign currency translation gain or loss resulting from translation of the
financial statements expressed in RMB to US$ is reported in other comprehensive income in the consolidated statements of income
and comprehensive income. 

Earnings per Share  

Basic EPS is measured as net income divided
by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is similar to basic EPS but presents the dilutive
effect on a per share basis of potential common shares (i.e., options and warrants) as if they had been converted at the beginning
of the periods presented, or issuance date, if later. Potential common shares that have an anti-dilutive effect (i.e., those that
increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 

Share or Stock-Based compensation  

The Company follows the provisions of ASC
718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation,  which establishes the accounting for employee stock-based awards. For
employee stock-based awards, share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and
is recognized as expense with graded vesting on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. For
the non-employee stock-based awards, the fair value of the awards to non-employees are measured every reporting period based on
the value of the Company s common stock. 

Debts Payable   

Debt issuance costs related to a recognized
debt liability are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent
with debt discounts. 

Deposit payables - Jewelry Park  

Deposit payables consist of the following
two components: (1) amounts received from customers relating to the pre-sale of the residential or commercial units in the Jewelry
Park. The Company receives these funds and recognizes them as a liability until the revenue can be recognized; (2) amounts received
from third party in connection with the Jewelry Park Transfer Transaction, to be offset against the Jewelry Park construction in
process ( CIP ) in the near future when the Transfer transaction is consummated. 

11  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

Risks and Uncertainties  

The jewelry industry generally is affected
by fluctuations in the price and supply of diamonds, gold, and, to a lesser extent, other precious and semi-precious metals and
stones. The Company potentially has exposure to the fluctuation in gold commodity prices as part of its normal operations. In the
past, the Company has not hedged its requirement for gold or other raw materials through the use of options, forward contracts
or outright commodity purchasing. A significant increase in the price of gold could increase the Company s production costs
beyond the amount that it is able to pass on to its customers, which would adversely affect the Company s sales and profitability.
A significant disruption in the Company s supply of gold, or other commodities, could decrease its production and shipping
levels, materially increase its operating costs, and materially and adversely affect its profit margins. Shortages of gold, or
other commodities, or interruptions in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, war, acts of terrorism, or other
interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor or transportation in the markets in which the Company purchases its
raw materials, may adversely affect its ability to maintain production of its products and sustain profitability. Although the
Company generally attempts to pass on increased commodity prices to its customers, there may be circumstances in which it is not
able to do so. In addition, if the Company were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of gold, it would be unable to
meet its production schedules and to ship products to its customers in a timely manner, which would adversely affect its sales,
margins and customer relations. 

Furthermore, the value of the Company s
inventory may be affected by commodity prices. The Company records the value of its inventory using the lower of cost or market
value, cost calculated on the weighted average method. As a result, decreases in the market value of precious metals such as gold
would result in a lower stated value of the Company s inventory, which may require it to take a charge for the decrease in
the value of its inventory. 

The Company s operations are located
in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations may be influenced by the
political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC, as well as by the general state of the PRC economy. The Company s
operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North
America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal environment, and
foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political, regulatory and social
conditions in the PRC, and by changes in governmental policies or interpretations with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary
measures, currency conversion, remittances abroad, and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. In addition, the Company
only controls Wuhan Kingold through a series of agreements. Although the Company believes the contractual relationships through
which it controls Wuhan Kingold comply with current licensing, registration and regulatory requirements of the PRC, it cannot assure
you that the PRC government would agree, or that new and burdensome regulations will not be adopted in the future. If the PRC government
determines that the Company s structure or operating arrangements do not comply with applicable law, it could revoke the
Company s business and operating licenses, require it to discontinue or restrict its operations, restrict its right to collect
revenues, require it to restructure its operations, impose additional conditions or requirements with which the Company may not
be able to comply, impose restrictions on its business operations or on its customers, or take other regulatory or enforcement
actions against the Company that could be harmful to its business. If such agreements were cancelled, modified or otherwise not
complied with, the Company would not be able to retain control of Wuhan Kingold and the impact could be material to the Company s
operations. Although the Company has not experienced losses from these situations and believes that it is in compliance with existing
laws and regulations, including the organization and structure disclosed in Note 1, this may not be indicative of future results. 

Reclassification  

Comprehensive
income  in 2015 statements of income and comprehensive income has been changed to conform to the current period presentation.
This reclassification has no effect on the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements. 

12  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

  (UNAUDITED)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In January 2016, the FASB has issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments.
The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by: (1) requiring equity investments (except those accounted
for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Requiring public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring
the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; (2) Requiring separate presentation of financial assets and financial
liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet
or the accompanying notes to the financial statements; (3) Eliminating the requirement for public business entities to disclose
the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments
measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet; and. (4) Requiring a reporting organization to present separately in other comprehensive
income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit
risk (also referred to as  own credit ) when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in
accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is evaluating the effect,
if any, that this update will have on the Company's unaudited condensed consolidated financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases
(Topic 842), which supersedes the existing guidance for lease accounting, Leases (Topic 840). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees
to recognize leases on their balance sheets, and leaves lessor accounting largely unchanged. The amendments in this ASU are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted
for all entities. ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective approach for all leases existing at, or entered into after, the
date of initial application, with an option to elect to use certain transition relief. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of this new standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments. The amendments
apply to all entities that are issuers of or investors in debt instruments (or hybrid financial instruments that are determined
to have a debt host) with embedded call (put) options. The amendments clarify what steps are required when assessing whether the
economic characteristics and risks of call (put) options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks
of their debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option
is contingently exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put)
option is related to interest rates or credit risks. Public business entities must apply the new requirements for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within those fiscal years. All other entities must apply the new requirements
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. All
entities have the option of adopting the new requirements early, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts
the new requirements in an interim period, it must reflect any adjustments as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
that interim period. The Company does not expect any material impact of this new standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

In April 2016, the FASB released ASU 2016-09,
Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The ASU includes multiple
provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and
complexity of the accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected to significantly impact net income, EPS, and
the statement of cash flows. Implementation and administration may present challenges for companies with significant share-based
payment activities. The ASU is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim
periods within those years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

13  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  (UNAUDITED)  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   continued  

In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-11
Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815); Rescission of SEC Guidance Because of Accounting Standards
Updates 2014-09 and 2014-16 Pursuant to Staff Announcements at the March 3, 2016 EITF Meeting, which is rescinding certain SEC
Staff Observer comments that are codified in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and Topic 932, Extractive Activities Oil and
Gas, effective upon adoption of Topic 606. The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements, disclosure requirements and methods of adoption. 

In May 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606); Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which is intended to not change
the core principle of the guidance in Topic 606, but rather affect only the narrow aspects of Topic 606 by reducing the potential
for diversity in practice at initial application and by reducing the cost and complexity of applying Topic 606 both at transition
and on an ongoing basis.  The Company is assessing the impact of the adoption of the ASU on its unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements, disclosure requirements and methods of adoption. 

In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016 15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, to provide guidance  on
the presentation and classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The guidance specifically
addresses cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the diversity in practice. The guidance will be effective for the Company
in fiscal year 2018, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-17, Consolidation (Topic 810): Interest Held through Related Parties That Are under
Common Control, to provide guidance on the evaluation of whether a reporting entity is the primary beneficiary of a VIE by amending
how a reporting entity, that is a single decision maker of a VIE, treats indirect interests in that entity held through related
parties that are under common control. The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. Early
adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard
on its unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

14  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
(UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES, NET  

Inventories as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted
of the following: 

As of September 30, 2016, 28,106,750
grams of Au9999 gold with carrying value of approximately $983.6 million were pledged for certain bank loans (see Note 6). No
inventory was pledged on the debts payable because it has been fully repaid upon maturity and accordingly previously pledged
inventory has been released (see Note 7). 

As of December 31, 2015, 3,977,490 grams of Au9999 gold with
carrying value of approximately $115.1 million were pledged for certain bank loans and another 2,456,000 grams of Au9999 gold with
carrying value of approximately $71 million were pledged for the Company s debts payable. 

For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $Nil lower cost or market adjustment. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recorded $Nil lower of cost or market adjustment.   

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET  

The following is a summary of property and equipment as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $311,812 and $941,164, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 was
$329,624 and $1,000,162, respectively. 

15  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 5   PROPERTY HELD FOR SALE, JEWELRY PARK  

On
October 23, 2013, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Wuhan Kingold, entered into an   acquisition
agreement (the  Acquisition Agreement ) with third-parties Wuhan Wansheng House Purchasing Limited ( Wuhan Wansheng )
and Wuhan Huayuan Science and Technology Development Limited Company ( Wuhan Huayuan ). The Acquisition Agreement provides
for the build out of the planned  Shanghai Creative Industry Park,  which is proposed to be renamed to  Kingold
Jewelry Cultural Industry Park  (the  Jewelry Park ). Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement, Wuhan Kingold acquired
the land use rights for a parcel of land (the  Land ) in Wuhan for a total of 66,667 square meters (approximately 717,598
square feet, or 16.5 acres) (the  Land Use Right ), which had been approved for real estate development use. Wuhan
Kingold committed to provide a total sum of RMB 1.0 billion (approximately $149.9 million) for the acquisition of this Land Use
Right and to finance the entire development and construction of a total of 192,149 square meters (approximately 2,068,000 square
feet) of commercial properties, which were proposed to include a commercial wholesale center for various jewelry manufacturers,
two commercial office buildings, a commercial residence of condominiums as well as a hotel.  

On June 27, 2016, Wuhan Kingold entered
into a transfer contract with Wuhan Lianfuda Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( Wuhan Lianfuda ), an unrelated party,
to sell all of its interest in the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda ( Transfer Transaction ). Pursuant to the transfer
contract, Wuhan Lianfuda is obligated to pay Wuhan Kingold RMB 1.14 billion (approximately US $170.9 million) ( Selling Price ).
This amount includes (1) RMB 640 million (approximately US $96 million) for the share acquisition fees and the construction fees
that Wuhan Kingold has paid to Wuhan Wansheng; and (2) transfer fees of RMB 500 million (approximately US $75 million). In addition,
Wuhan Kingold transfers and Wuhan Lianfuda receives all the rights and obligations in the Transfer Transaction Agreement, including
60% stock rights of Wuhan Huayuan. Wuhan Lianfuda will undertake Wuhan Kingold s remaining payment obligation of RMB 360
million (approximately US $54 million) stipulated in the Acquisition Agreement. 

As of September 30, 2016, the carrying
value of Jewelry Park was approximately $161.9 million (RMB 1.08 billion), included the following components (1) Land use right
of approximately $9 million (RMB 60.4 million), which represents the total cost of the Land Use Right and (2) the construction
progress of approximately $152.9 million (RMB 1.02 billion), consisting of the Company s cash payment of approximately $86.9
million (RMB 579.6 million) towards the construction of Jewelry Park project, capitalized interest of approximately $12 million
(RMB 80 million) and construction payable of approximately $54.0 million (RMB 360.0 million) which has been accrued based on the
billing request by the construction company Wuhan Wansheng as of September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, the construction payable of approximately $54.0 million and $23.9 million has been accrued based on the billing request of
the construction company, respectively. The Company determines the selling price to Wuhan Lianfuda represents the fair value of
the property and no material estimated costs to sell, therefore the Company did not recognize any impairment loss for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

As of September 30, 2016, the project has
passed all inspections and completed acceptance procedures. The Company is waiting for the certificate of occupancy to be issued
by local government, and is in the process of transferring the ownership title to Wuhan Lianfuda. 

Based on the total budget of $149.9 million
(RMB 1.0 billion) on the Jewelry Park, Wuhan Kingold was still obligated to pay the remaining $54.0 million (RMB 360 million) to
Wuhan Wansheng as of September 30, 2016 after deducting all the progress payments made by Wuhan Kingold. In connection with the
Jewelry Park Transfer Transaction, Wuhan Lianfuda will undertake Wuhan Kingold s remaining payment obligation of $54.0 million
(RMB 360 million), when the Transfer Transaction is consummated in the near future. 

The following table presents the components of the property
held for sale- Jewelry Park at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

16  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 6 - LOANS  

Short term loans consist of the following:  

Short term loans  

a) Loans payable to CITIC Bank Wuhan Branch
have been fully repaid on March 1, 2016. 

b) Loan payable to Bank of Hubei, Wuhan
Jiang an Branch has been fully repaid by September 30, 2016. 

c) Loan payable to Minsheng Trust has been
fully repaid by September 30, 2016. 

d) The current portion of loans payable
to Yantai Huangshan Road Branch of Evergrowing Bank (see note (i) below). 

e) On April 26, 2016, the Company entered
into a trust loan agreement and an amendment to the trust loan agreement with the National Trust Ltd. ( National Trust )
to borrow a maximum of approximately $75 million (RMB 500 million) as working capital loan. The loan is comprised of two installments,
with the first installment of approximately $15 million (RMB 100 million) and the second installment of approximately $60 million
(RMB 400 million). Each installment has a one-year term starting from the installment release date. For each installment, the Company
is required to make the first interest payment equal to 4.1% of the principal received, then the rest of interest payments are
calculated based on a fixed interest rate of 8% and due on semi-annual basis. The Company is required to pledge 2,600 kilogram
of Au9995 gold with carrying value of approximately $100 million (RMB 666.7 million) as collateral to secure this loan. The loan
is jointly guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, and Wuhan Vogue-Show. The Company received full
proceeds in May 2016. The Company also made a restricted deposit of approximately $0.7 million (RMB 5 million) to secure these
loans. The deposit will be refunded when the loan is repaid upon maturity. 

On July 11, 2016, the Company entered into
a Trust Loan Agreement with the National Trust Ltd. ( National Trust ) to borrow a maximum of approximately $75 million
(RMB 500 million) as a working capital loan. The Company is required to make first interest payment equal to 4.1% of the loan principal
amount within 3 days after the loan proceeds are received. Subsequently, the Company is subject to 8% interest which will be paid
on a semiannual basis. The term of the loan is one year from the payment release date and could be extended for one additional
year. The Company is required to pledge 2,660 kilogram of Au9995 gold with carrying value of approximately $107.1 million (RMB
714.4 million) as collateral. The loan is guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, and Wuhan Vogue-Show.
The Company also made a restricted deposit of approximately $0.7 million (RMB 5 million) to secure these loans. The deposit will
be refunded when the loan is repaid upon maturity. 

17  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 6   LOANS - continued  

f) On April 28, 2016, Wuhan Kingold and
Shanghai AJ Trust Co., Ltd. ( AJ Trust ) entered into a gold income right transfer and repurchase agreement. According
to the agreement, AJ Trust acquired the income rights from Wuhan Kingold for Wuhan Kingold s Au9999 gold worth at least RMB
412.5 million based on the closing price of gold on the most recent trading day at the Shanghai Gold Exchange (the  Gold
Income Right ). AJ Trust s acquisition price for the Gold Income Right was approximately $45 million (RMB 300 million)
(the  Acquisition Price ). Wuhan Kingold is required to repurchase the Gold Income Right back from AJ Trust with installments
and the last installment shall be within the 24 months after establishment of the trust plan. The repurchase price is equal to
the Acquisition Price with annual return of 10% for the period from the agreement date and the last repayment date. The repurchase
obligation may be accelerated under certain conditions, including upon breach of representations or warranties, certain cross-defaults,
upon the occurrence of certain material events affecting the financial viability of Wuhan Kingold, and other customary conditions.
Wuhan Kingold pledged the 1,542 kilograms of related Au9999 gold under the Gold Income Right to AJ Trust. The agreement is also
personally guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman. As of September 30, 2016, the carrying value of the pledged gold
was approximately $61.8 million (RMB 412.5 million). The Company also made a restricted deposit of $0.4 million (RMB 3 million)
to secure this loan. The deposit will be refunded when the loan is repaid upon maturity. Management believes the substance of this
agreement is a debt arrangement with AJ Trust, therefore AJ Trust s acquisition price was recorded as loan payable. Since
Wuhan Kingold has a right to repurchase the Gold Income Right in 12 months, the loan is treated as a short term loan. 

Interest expense for all of the short term
loans mentioned above amounted approximately to $5.0 million and $11.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. Interest expense for all of the short term loans mentioned above amounted approximately to $299,713 and $681,866
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Long term loans consist of the following:  

(h) Loans payable to Evergrowing Bank   Qixia Branch 

On December 18, 2015, Wuhan Kingold signed
a loan agreement with the Qixia Branch of Evergrowing Bank in the amount of approximately $30 million (RMB 200 million). This loan
was used to partially fund the construction of the Jewelry Park and as working capital. The loan period was from December 18, 2015
to December 15, 2017 with the annual interest of 7.5%. The loan is secured by 1,300,000 grams of Au9999 gold with carrying value
of approximately $45.5 million (RMB 303.4 million). In addition, the Company s CEO and Chairman, Mr. Zhihong Jia signed a
guarantee agreement with the bank, to provide a guarantee for the loan. 

In January 2016, Wuhan Kingold further
signed two Loan Agreements of Circulating Funds with the Qixia Branch of Evergrowing Bank for loans of approximately $119.9 million
(RMB 800 million) in aggregate. The purpose of the loans is for purchasing gold. The terms of loans are two years and bear fixed
interest of 7.5% per year. The loans are secured by 5,000,000 grams of Au9999 gold in aggregate with carrying value of approximately
$175 million (RMB 1.2 billion) and are guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. Both loans are due in
January 2018. The repayment of the loans may be accelerated under certain conditions, including upon a default of principal or
interest payment when due, breach of representations or warranties, certain cross-defaults, upon the occurrence of certain material
events affecting the financial viability of Wuhan Kingold, and other customary conditions. There are no financial covenant requirements
for the loans. 

18  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 6   LOANS - continued  

(i) Loans payable to Evergrowing Bank-
Yantai Huangshan Road Branch 

From February 24, 2016 to March 24, 2016,
Wuhan Kingold signed ten Loan Agreements with the Yantai Huangshan Road Branch of Evergrowing Bank for loans of approximately $149.9
million (RMB 1 billion) in aggregate. The purpose of the loans is for purchasing gold. The terms of loans are two years and bear
fixed interest of 7% per year. The loans are secured by 5,828,750 gram of Au9999 gold in aggregate with carrying value of approximately
$204 million (RMB 1.4 billion) and are guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. Based on the loan repayment
plan as specified in the loan agreements, approximately $149,920 (RMB 1 million) was repaid in August 2016. Approximately $149,920
(RMB 1 million) should be repaid on February 23, 2017 and another $149,920 (RMB 1 million) should be repaid in August 23, 2017.
Accordingly, these amounts have been reclassified as the current portion of the long-term loans. The remaining loans are due in
February to March 2018. The repayment of the loans may be accelerated under certain conditions, including upon a default of principal
or interest payment when due, breach of representations or warranties, certain cross-defaults, upon the occurrence of certain material
events affecting the financial viability of Wuhan Kingold, and other customary conditions. There are no financial covenant requirements
for the loans. The repayment requirement is listed below: 

(j) Loans payable to Anxin Trust Co., Ltd 

In January 2016, Wuhan Kingold signed a
Collective Trust Loan Agreement with Anxin Trust Co., Ltd. ( Anxin Trust ). The agreement allows the Company to access
of approximately $449.8 million (RMB 3 billion) within 60 months. Each individual loan will bear a fixed annual interest of 14.8%
with a term of 36 months or less. The loan is subject to certain covenants required by the agreement. The purpose of this trust
loan is to provide working capital for the Company to purchase gold. The loan is secured by 1,700,000 gram of Au9999 gold in aggregate
with carrying value of approximately $59.5 million (RMB 396.8 million). There is no financial covenant requirement for this loan.
The loan is also guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company received
an aggregate of approximately $374.8 million (RMB 2.5 billion) from the loan. The Company also made a restricted deposit of approximately
$1.5 million (RMB 10 million) to secure these loans. The deposit will be refunded when the loan is repaid upon maturity. On October
11, 2016, the Company subsequently obtained additional loan of approximately $75 million (RMB 500 million) from Anxin Trust under
the same loan agreement.  

(k) On June 24, 2016, Wuhan Kingold entered
into a loan agreement with Minsheng Trust, with an aggregate amount of approximately $30 million (RMB 200 million), with a maturity
date of June 22, 2018. The annual interest rate was 10.85%. The loan is to be used for the working capital. Wuhan Kingold pledged
1,090,000 grams of gold with carrying value of approximately $42.9 million (RMB 285.9 million) as of September 30, 2016 to secure
this loan. The Company was also required to pledge approximately $0.3 million (RMB 2 million) restricted cash with Minsheng Trust
as collateral. In addition, the Company s CEO, Mr. Zhihong Jia and his wife, Ms. Lili Huang, jointly signed a guarantee agreement
with the Minsheng Trust, to provide a guarantee for the loan. 

(l) On March 9, 2016, Wuhan Kingold entered
into a Trust Loan Contract with Chang An International Trust Co., Ltd. ( Chang An Trust ). The agreement
allows the Company to access a total of approximately $45 million (RMB 300 million) for the purpose of working capital needs. The
loan has a 24-month term starting from the date of releasing the loan, and bears interest at a fixed rate of 13% per annum. The
loan is secured by 1,121 kilograms of Au9995 gold, which approximately $42.9 million (RMB 285.9 million) is pledged by Wuhan Kingold.
The loan is guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company and shall be repaid upon maturity. As of September
30, 2016, the Company received an aggregate of approximately $29.8 million (RMB 199 million) from the loan. The Company also made
a restricted deposit of approximately $0.3 million (RMB 1.99 million) to secure these loans. The deposit will be refunded when
the loan is repaid upon maturity. 

19  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 6   LOANS - continued  

(m) On September 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a trust loan agreement with the Sichuan Trust Ltd. ( Sichuan Trust ) to borrow a maximum of approximately $149.9
million (RMB 1 billion) as working capital loan. The loan period is 24 months from September 7, 2016 to September 7, 2018. For
the loan obtained the Company is required to make interest payments are calculated based on a fixed annual interest rate of 8.46%
(the Company is required to make the first interest payment equal to 1.21% of the principal received, then the rest of interest
payments are calculated based on a fixed interest rate of 7.25%). The Company is required to pledge 2,345 kilogram of Au9999 gold
with carrying value of approximately $100 million (RMB 667.3 million) as collateral to secure this loan. The loan is guaranteed
by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. The Company also made a restricted deposit of approximately $0.7 million
(RMB 5 million) to secure these loans. The deposit will be refunded when the loan is repaid upon maturity. As of September 30,
2016, the Company received an aggregate of approximately $75 million (RMB 500 million) from the loan. On October 13, 2016, the
Company subsequently obtained additional loan of approximately $75 million (RMB 500 million) from Sichuan Trust under the same
loan agreement. 

(n) On September 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a  loan agreement with China Aviation Capital Investment Management (Shenzhen) ( China Aviation Capital ) to
borrow a maximum of approximately $90 million (RMB 600 million) as working capital loan. The first installment of the loan is approximately
$43.5 million (approximately RMB 290 million) with a period of 24 months from September 7, 2016 to September 7, 2018. For the loan
obtained, the Company is required to make interest payments calculated based on a fixed annual interest rate of 7.5% and a one-time
consulting fee of 3% based on the principal amount received. The Company is required to pledge 1,473 kilogram of Au9999 gold with
carrying value of approximately $62.1 million (RMB 414.5 million) as collateral to secure this loan. The loan is guaranteed by
Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. As of September 30, 2016, the Company received an aggregate of approximately
$43.5 million (approximately RMB 290 million) from the loan. 

(o) On August 29, 2016, the Company entered
into a trust loan agreement with China Construction Investment Trust to borrow a maximum of approximately $45 million (RMB 300
million) as working capital loan for the purpose of purchasing of gold solely with a period of 24 months from August 29, 2016 to
August 29, 2018. For the loan obtained, the Company is required to make interest payments calculated based on a fixed annual interest
rate. The interest payment is divided into two parts: (1) 1% of the principal amount received is required to be paid before December
25, 2016; (2) the remaining interest payments are calculated based on a fixed interest rate of 7.5% and due on quarterly basis.
The Company is required to pledge 1,447 kilogram of Au9999 gold with carrying value of approximately $60.7 million (RMB 405 million)
as collateral to secure this loan. The loan is guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. As of September
30, 2016, approximately $44.5 million (RMB 297 million) of the loan was received by the Company. On October 9, 2016, the Company
subsequently received the rest of $0.4 million (RMB 3 million) of the loan. 

Interest expense for all of the long term
loans mentioned above amounted approximately to $21.5 million and $33.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively. There were no interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

20  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 7 - DEBTS PAYABLE  

Amounts owed by the Company to Shanghai
Pudong Development Bank ( SPD Bank ) under a Credit Agent Agreement were full repaid upon maturity on March 24, 2016
and approximately $5.3 million (RMB 35 million) security deposit was returned to the Company. The remaining deferred financing
cost of $144,134 was fully amortized in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Interest expense incurred on the debt financing
instruments amounted to approximately $3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 and was capitalized into construction in
progress of Jewelry Park project. For the nine months period ended September 30, 2016, approximately $1 million interest expenses
were capitalized into construction in progress of Jewelry Park project, 

Pursuant to a Private Placement Agreement
dated on August 12, 2014, the RMB 750 million debt financing instruments can be issued within two years. Since the Company obtained
alternative financing through several bank borrowings, management does not expect this approved debt issuance will be materialized
in the near future. 

NOTE 8 - DEPOSIT PAYABLES - JEWELRY
PARK  

As of December 31, 2015, the Company received
the advance payment from potential customers approximately $22 million (RMB 144 million) to acquire certain real estate property
in the Jewelry Park. As of September 30, 2016, in connection with the Transfer Transaction, the Company received the advance payments
from Wuhan Lianfuda approximately $170.9 million (RMB 1,140 million) (see Note 5) and included in Deposit payable, while the Company
refunded $22 million of customer deposits to Wuhan Lianfuda because Wuhan Kingold transferred all its interest in Jewelry Park
to Wuhan Lianfuda in accordance with the Transfer Transaction. 

NOTE 9   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company borrowed total of $1,041,634 from Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, to pay certain expense
to various service providers on behalf of the Company. Such amount is unsecured and repayable on demand with free of interest.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the balance of due to related party amounted to $1,041,634 and $200,059, respectively. 

For the nine months end September 30, 2016
and 2015, Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company, together with his wife provided their personal guarantees to various
financial institutions to support the Company (see Notes 6 and 7). 

21  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 10 - INCOME TAXES  

The Company is subject to income taxes
on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which each entity is domiciled. 

Kingold is incorporated in the United States
and has incurred net operating loss for income tax purposes through 2015 resulting in loss carry forwards of approximately $16.5
million available for offsetting against future taxable U.S. income, expiring in 2036. Management believes that the realization
of the benefits from these losses is uncertain due to its history of continuing losses in the United States. Accordingly, a full
deferred tax asset valuation allowance has been provided and no deferred tax asset benefit has been recorded. The valuation allowance
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was approximately $5.6 million and $5.4 million, respectively. 

Dragon Lead is incorporated in the British
Virgin Islands (the  BVI ), and under current laws of the BVI, income earned is not subject to income tax. 

Wuhan Vogue-Show, Wuhan Kingold, Kingold
Internet, and Yuhuang are incorporated in the PRC and are subject to PRC income tax, which is computed according to the relevant
laws and regulations in the PRC. The applicable tax rate is 25% for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company
recorded $17,660,837 deferred income tax assets and $1,774,993 deferred tax liability as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, respectively. 

The Company intends to reinvest its foreign
profits indefinitely in order to avoid a tax liability upon repatriation to the United States. 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
before income taxes was allocated between the U.S. and foreign components for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015: 

Significant components of the income tax provision were as follows
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

22  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 10 - INCOME TAXES - continued  

The components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liability
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 consist of the following: 

NOTE 11 - EARNINGS PER SHARE  

For three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the basic average shares outstanding and diluted average shares outstanding were the same because the effect
of potential shares of common stock was anti-dilutive since the exercise prices for the warrant and options were greater than the
average market price for the related periods. As a result, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, total of 721,218
and 308,942 unexercised warrants and options are dilutive, respectively, and were included in the computation of diluted EPS. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, no unexercised warrants and options were dilutive. 

The following table presents a reconciliation
of basic and diluted net income per share: 

23  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 12 - OPTIONS  

On March 24, 2011, the Board of Directors
voted to adopt the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ), which was later ratified by the Company s stockholders
on October 31, 2011, at the 2011 annual meeting. 

The Plan permits the granting of stock
options (including incentive stock options as well as nonstatutory stock options), stock appreciation rights, restricted and unrestricted
stock awards, restricted stock units, performance awards, other stock-based awards or any combination of the foregoing. Under the
terms of the Plan, up to 5,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock may be granted. Prior to January 1, 2012, the Company
granted 1,620,000 options under the plan. In accordance with the vesting periods, $Nil was recorded as part of operating expense-stock
compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded $Nil and $110,439 as part
of operating expense-stock compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively 

On January 9, 2012, the Company granted
1,300,000 options with an exercise price of $1.22 to certain members of management and directors. These options can be exercised
within ten years from the grant date once they become exercisable. The options become exercisable in accordance with the schedule
below: (a) 25% of the options become exercisable on the first anniversary of the grant date (such date is the initial vesting date),
and (b) 6.25% of the options become exercisable on the date three and six months after the initial vesting date and on such date
every third month thereafter, through the fourth anniversary of the grant date. The fair value of the options was calculated using
the Black-Scholes options pricing model using the following assumptions: volatility of 124.81%, risk free interest rate of 1.98
%, and expected term of 10 years. The fair value of the options was $1,516,435. In accordance with the vesting periods, $Nil was
recorded as part of operating expense-stock compensation for the 1,300,000 options above for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded $91,200 and $277,178 as part of operating expense-stock compensation for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively 

On April 1, 2012, the Company granted 120,000
options with an exercise price of $1.49 to its Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) per his employment agreement. These
options can be exercised within ten years from the grant date once they become exercisable. The options become exercisable every
three months starting from grant date for the one year service period from April 1, 2012. The fair value of the options was calculated
using the Black-Scholes options pricing model using the following assumptions: volatility of 124.50%, risk free interest rate of
2.23%, and expected term of 10 years. The fair value of the options was $170,967. These options have fully vested by December 31,
2013. 

On July 16, 2013, the Company granted 90,000
options with an exercise price of $1.18 to its non-employee directors, which options expire ten years from the grant date under
the Plan. These options became exercisable in accordance with the following schedule: (a) 25% of the options became exercisable
on the first anniversary of the grant date (the  Initial Vesting Date ), and (b) 6.25% of the options became exercisable
on the date three months after the Initial Vesting Date and on such date every third month thereafter, through the fourth anniversary
of the grant date. The fair value of the options was calculated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model using the following
assumptions: volatility of 118.01%, risk free interest rate of 2.55%, and expected term of 6.25 years. The fair value of the options
was $92,458. In accordance with the vesting periods, $5,779 and $17,337 were recorded as part of operating expense-stock compensation
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded $5,779 and $17,337 as part of operating
expense-stock compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

On February 25, 2015, the Company granted
90,000 options with an exercise price of $1.11 to its non-employee directors, which options expire ten years from the grant date
under the Plan. These options became exercisable in accordance with the following schedule: (a) 25% of the options became exercisable
on the first anniversary of the grant date, and (b) 6.25% of the options became exercisable on the date three and six months after
the initial vesting date and on such date every third month thereafter, through the fourth anniversary of the grant date. The fair
value of the options was calculated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model under the following assumptions: volatility of
115.20%, risk free interest rate of 1.96%, and expected term of 6.25 years. The aggregate fair value of the options was $85,822.
In accordance with the vesting periods, $5,364 and $16,091 were recorded as part of operating expense-stock compensation for the
90,000 options above for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded $5,364 and $12,516
as part of operating expense-stock compensation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

The Company recorded $11,143 and $33,428
stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded $102,343
and $417,470 stock-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

24  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 12   OPTIONS - continued  

The following table summarized the Company s
stock option activity: 

NOTE 13 - WARRANTS  

Following is a summary of the status of warrant activities as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 

On August 12, 2015,
the Company signed a consulting agreement to engage Bespoke Independent Partners ( BIP ), a wholly owned subsidiary
of FPIA Partners LLC to operate as a strategic advisor to Kingold in matters relating to investor relations, capital markets and
shareholder value creation strategy. As the part of the agreement with BIP, an aggregate of 900,000 shares of warrants with exercise
price ranging from $1.20 to $1.80 will be directly issued at no cost to BIP if certain stock performance targets are met within
a three-year period. Through September 30, 2016, no warrants were issued to BIP because the performance target has not been met. 

On
March 29, 2016,   pursuant to the consulting agreement,
the Company s obligation to issue BIP warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock for $1.20 per
share (the  First Tranche Warrants ) was triggered as a result of certain milestone accomplishments. The warrants will
expire on June 29, 2017. Accordingly, the Company recorded $64,204 consulting expense and included in the general administrative
expense. The fair value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model using the following assumptions:
volatility of 81%, risk free interest rate of 0.84%, and expected term of 1.25 years. The fair value of the warrants was $64,204.

On April 18, 2016,
pursuant to the consulting agreement, the Company s obligation to issue BIP warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s
common stock for $1.50 per share (the  Second Tranche Warrants ) was triggered as a result of certain milestone accomplishments.
The warrants will expire on July 17, 2017. Accordingly, the Company recorded $65,091 consulting expense and included in the general
administrative expense. The fair value of the warrants was calculated using the Black-Scholes options pricing model using the following
assumptions: volatility of 79.7%, risk free interest rate of 0.63%, and expected term of 1.25 years. The fair value of the warrants
was $65,091. 

On May 10, 2016, the
Company terminated the consulting agreement. On June 27, 2016, the Company and BIP signed a settlement agreement
(the  Settlement Agreement ). In connection with the Settlement Agreement, the Company and BIP agreed that (1)
the First Tranche Warrants and the Second Tranche Warrants would remain vested and outstanding, (2) the third, fourth and
fifth tranches of success fee warrants would be cancelled; and (3) crediting of $66,439 in outstanding but unpaid fees
against the exercise price of the First Tranche Warrants would be the only payment made or required under the Service
Agreement. As a result, BIP will receive (a) 55,365 shares, (b) warrants to purchase 94,635 shares for $1.2 per share,
expiring June 28, 2017, and (c) warrants to purchase 150,000 shares for $1.50 per share, which may be exercised from July 18,
2016 until July 17, 2017. As a result of the Settlement Agreement, the Company does not have any liability for future
warrants issuance to BIP. As of  September 30, 2016, the remaining 244,635 outstanding warrants may be exercised in the
future by BIP upon delivery of cash and an exercise notice to the Company. 

A total of 294,000
warrants consisting of 150,000 warrants issued to Wallington Investment Holdings Ltd with exercise price of $3.25 per share on
January 13, 2011 and 144,000 warrants issued to Rodman   Renshaw, LLC with exercise price of $3.99 per share on January 13,
2011 were expired on January 13, 2016. 

During the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company included $65,091 and $129,295 warrants cost in the general administrative
expenses, respectively. 

25  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 14- NONCONTROLLING INTEREST  

Non-controlling interest represents the
minority stockholders  45% proportionate share of the results of the newly established subsidiary Kingold Internet and Yuhuang.  A
reconciliation of non-controlling interest as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

NOTE 15 - CONCENTRATIONS AND RISKS  

The Company maintains certain bank accounts
in the PRC and BVI, which are not insured by Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) insurance or other insurance.
The cash and restricted cash balance held in the PRC bank accounts was $240,857,521 and $29,544,475 as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, respectively. The cash balance held in the BVI bank accounts was $35,163 and $13,277 as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held $155,897 and $144,465 of
cash balances within the United States, no balance was in excess of FDIC insurance limits of $250,000 as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

For the periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, almost 100% of the Company's assets were located in the PRC and 100% of the Company's revenues were derived from its
subsidiaries located in the PRC. 

The Company s principal raw material
used during the year was gold, which accounted for almost 100% of its total purchases for the periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. The Company purchased gold directly, and solely, from the Shanghai Gold Exchange, the largest gold trading platform in
the PRC. 

No customer accounted for more than 10% of annual sales for
the periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. 

26  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 16 - GOLD LEASE TRANSACTIONS  

The Company leased gold as a way to finance
its growth and will return the same amount of gold to China Construction Bank ( CCB ), Shanghai Pudong Development
Bank ( SPD Bank ), CITIC Bank and Industrial   Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) at the end of the
respective lease agreements. Under these gold lease arrangements, each of CCB, SPD Bank, CITIC Bank and ICBC retains beneficial
ownership of the gold leased to the Company and treats it as if the gold is placed on consignment to the Company. All three banks
have their own representatives on the Company s premises to monitor on a daily basis the use and security of the gold leased
to the Company. Accordingly, the Company records these gold lease transactions as operating leases because the Company does not
have ownership nor has it assumed the risk of loss for the leased gold. 

1)  
      Gold lease transactions with  China Construction Bank s Wuhan Jiang an Branch ( CCB )   

During 2015, the Company renewed gold lease
agreements with CCB and leased an aggregate of 2,330 kilograms of gold, which amounted to approximately $54.8 million (RMB 365
million). The leases have initial terms of one year and provide an interest rate of 6% per annum. The leased gold shall be returned
to the Bank upon lease maturity in 2016. 

During nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company entered into gold lease agreements with CCB and leased an aggregated of 975 kilograms of gold, which amounted
to approximately $35.2 million (RMB 235 million). The leases have initial terms of one year and provide an interest rate of 5.7%
per annum. The leased gold shall be returned to the Bank upon lease maturity in 2017. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company returned 1,415 kilograms of gold, which amounted to approximately $51.4 million (RMB 342.8 million) back to CCB
upon lease maturity. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 1,075 kilograms
and 1,515 kilograms of leased gold were outstanding and not yet returned to the Bank, respectively, which amounted to approximately
$38.6 million (RMB 257.5 million) and $56.3 million (RMB 365.3 million), respectively due in various months through out of 2016
and 2017. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company pledged restricted cash of approximately $37.5 million and
Nil as collateral to safeguard the gold lease from CCB, respectively. 

2)  
      Gold lease transactions with SPD Bank   

On April 10, 2015, Wuhan Kingold entered
into a gold lease agreement with SPD Bank to lease additional 197 kilograms of gold (valued at approximately RMB 47 million or
approximately $7.2 million). The lease has initial term of one year and provides an interest rate of 3.2% per annum. 

In the third quarter of 2015, Wuhan Kingold
entered into several gold lease agreements with SPD Bank to lease an aggregate of 720 kilograms of gold, valued approximately $25.9
million (RMB 168.2 million). The leases have initial terms of one year and provide an interest rate of 2.8% to 6% per annum. The
Company is required to deposit cash into an account at SPD Bank equal to approximately $15.9 million (RMB 103 million). 

During nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company entered into gold lease agreements with SPD bank and leased an aggregated of 345 kilograms of gold, which amounted
to approximately $14 million (RMB 93.3 million). The leases have initial terms of six months to one year and provide an interest
rate of 6.0% per annum. During nine month ended September 30, 2016, the Company returned 917 kilograms of gold, which amounted
to approximately $32.3 million (RMB 215.2 million) back to SPD bank upon lease maturity. The remaining leased gold shall be returned
to the Bank upon lease maturity in December 2016 and June 2017. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, about 345 kilograms and 917 kilograms of leased gold were outstanding and not yet returned to SPD Bank, respectively, which
amounted to approximately $14 million (RMB 93.3 million) and $33.2 million (RMB 215.2 million), respectively. Such gold leases
will be due in various months in 2016 and 2017. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company pledged restricted
cash of approximately $68.7 million and $16.3 million as collateral to safeguard the gold lease from SPD Bank, respectively. 

27  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 16 - GOLD LEASE TRANSACTIONS   continued  

3)  
      Gold lease transaction with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC )   

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company entered into additional gold lease agreements with ICBC and leased an aggregated amount of 527 kilograms
of gold, which amounted to approximately $20.9 million (RMB 139.7 million). The leases have initial terms of half year and provide
an interest rate of 2.75% per annum. The leased gold shall be returned to the Bank upon lease maturity in September 2016. As of
September 30, 2016, 527 kilograms of leased gold were all returned to ICBC. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, no
restricted cash was pledged by the Company as collateral to safeguard the gold lease from ICBC, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, a total amount
of 1,420 kilograms and 2,782 kilograms of leased gold were outstanding, at the approximated amounts of $52.6 million and $101.8
million, respectively. Interest expense for the leased gold for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately
$3.3 million and $5.6 million, respectively, which was included in the cost of sales. Interest expense for the leased gold for
the three month period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $0.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively, which
was included in the cost of sales. 

NOTE 17   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Operating Lease  

On June 27, 2016, Wuhan Kingold signed
certain 5 years lease agreements to rent office and store space at the Jewelry Park commencing in July 2016 and October 2016, respectively,
with aggregated annual rent with aggregated annual rent of approximately $0.09 million and $0.17 million, respectively. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $21,884 rent expense. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
was obligated under non-cancellable operating leases for minimum rentals as follows: 

28  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (UNAUDITED)  

NOTE 18   CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT  

On April 2, 2015, the Company entered into
a Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Fidelidade   Companhia de Seguros, S.A.,
a company duly incorporated and existing under the laws of Portugal and a majority-owned subsidiary of Fosun International Limited
(the  Holder ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell to the Holder $15 million
aggregate principal amount 6.0% Senior Secured Convertible Note due 2018 (the  Note ), subject to customary closing
conditions. The Company was to sell the Note in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). The Note and the underlying shares of the Company s
common stock issuable upon conversion of the Note have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold
in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 

The Note was to bear interest at a rate
of 6.0% per year payable annually and mature on the third anniversary of the issuance date of the Note, unless earlier converted.
The Note constituted a general, senior, secured obligation of the Company. The Company was required to grant the Holder a security
interest in certain collateral as identified in the Purchase Agreement, to secure the payment, discharge and performance of all
the Company s obligations under the Note. Mr. Zhihong Jia, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, was to execute
a guarantee in favor of the Holder, pursuant to which Mr. Jia will be jointly liable for the Company s obligations under
the Note.  

Subject to and upon compliance with the
provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the Holder has the right, at its option, to convert the principal amount of the Note or any
portion of such principal amount which is $1,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, into shares of common stock
at the applicable conversion rate. The conversion rate is initially 869.57 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of
Note (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $1.15 per share), subject to adjustment in certain events described
in the Purchase Agreement. Upon conversion, the Company will deliver shares of common stock as set forth in the Purchase Agreement.
No fractional shares will be issued upon any conversion. 

In connection with the entry into the Purchase
Agreement, the Company will enter into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) with the
Holder as a condition to closing the sale of the Note, which sets forth the rights of the Holder to have the shares of common stock
issuable upon conversion of the Note registered with the SEC for public resale under the Securities Act. Pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company is required to file a registration statement with the SEC (the  Initial Registration Statement )
within 60 days following the date of the issuance of the Note, registering the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the Note. The Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to have the Initial Registration Statement declared effective
as promptly as possible following the filing thereof and, in any event, by no later than 90 days after the date of the issuance
of the Note. In addition, the agreement gives the Holder the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in connection
with registered offerings by the Company. 

The Purchase Agreement was set to terminate
automatically on May 31, 2015 in the absence of a closing or extension at the discretion of the Holder. Closing did not occur prior
to such time because the Company had not secured a $15 million letter of credit required under the agreement. The Holder has not
provided written notice to the Company of its intention either to terminate or to extend the Purchase Agreement, and the Company
continues to pursue the $15 million letter of credit. While there can be no guarantee that the Company will locate a letter of
credit on terms acceptable to the Holder, the Company remains willing to proceed under the Purchase Agreement. 

NOTE 19   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

On September 30, 2016, the Company entered
into an Entrust Loan Agreement with the Hubei Asset Management Co., Ltd. to borrow from ICBC Wuhan Jiang'an Branch of a maximum
of approximately $45 million (RMB 300 million) as a working capital loan in the later period. The Company is subject to 9.5% fixed
annual interest rate. The term of the loan is two years from the date of receiving the principal amount. The Company is required
to pledge 1,497 kilograms of Au9999 gold with carrying value of approximately $61.6 million (RMB 410.9 million) as collateral.
The loan is jointly guaranteed by Mr. Zhihong Jia, the CEO and Chairman of the Company. The full amount of this entrust loan was
subsequently received by the Company on October 28, 2016. 

On October 13, 2016, the SEC declared
effective a registration statement filed by the Company on Form S-3 that registered the sale, from time to time, of up to $80
million of the securities. 

On October 14, 2016, the Company entered
into a Trust Loan Agreement with the Minsheng Trust to borrow a maximum of 70% of amount of pledged gold as a working capital loan.
The Company is subject to 7.6% fixed annual interest rate. The term of the loan is one year from receiving of the principal amount.
The Company is required to pledge 1,877.49 kilograms of Au9995 gold with carrying value of approximately $76.9 million (RMB 512.9
million) as collateral. The total amount received by the Company was approximately $53.8 million (RMB 359 million) as 70% of carrying
value of the gold pledged. 

The Company is expected to receive the certificate of occupancy
for Jewelry Park project and the ownership title will be transferred to Wuhan Lianfuda to complete the Transfer Transaction before
the end of the fiscal year 2016. 

29  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and related notes included in this Report
and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. See also the  Cautionary Statement for Purposes of the  Safe Harbor  Statement
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  appearing elsewhere in this Report. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited
to, those contained in the  Risk Factors  section of this Report and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015.  

Our Business  

Through a variable interest entity, or VIE,
relationship with Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited ( Wuhan Kingold ), a company incorporated in the People s
Republic of China, or PRC, we believe that we are one of the leading professional designers and manufacturers of high quality 24
Karat gold jewelry and PRC ornaments developing, promoting, and selling a broad range of products to the rapidly expanding jewelry
market across the PRC. We offer a wide range of in-house designed products including, but not limited to, gold necklaces, rings,
earrings, bracelets, and pendants. 

We have historically sold our products directly
to distributors, retailers and other wholesalers, who then sell our products to consumers through retail counters located in both
department stores and other traditional stand-alone jewelry stores. We sell our products to our customers at a price that reflects
the market price of the base material, plus a mark-up reflecting our design fees and processing fees. This mark-up typically ranges
from 3%   6% of the price of the base material. During 2015, we established a new subsidiary Wuhan Kingold Internet Co.,
Ltd. and started the online sales of our jewelry products to customers. However, the online sales were immaterial as of September
30, 2016. 

We aim to become an increasingly important
participant in the PRC s gold jewelry design and manufacturing sector. In addition to expanding our design and manufacturing
capabilities, our goal is to provide a large variety of gold products in unique styles and superior quality under our brand, Kingold. 

To broaden our business lines and strengthen
our processing capacity, in October 2013, we entered into an agreement ( the Acquisition Agreement ) to acquire the
operating rights for 66,667 square meters (approximately 717,598 square feet, or 16.5 acres) of land in Wuhan for an aggregate
purchase price of RMB 1 billion (approximately US $149.9 million at the spot rate). The $149.9 million includes the land use right
costs and the construction costs of the Jewelry Park. We financed the installment payments paid to date through bank loans. The
land use rights are held in the Shanghai Creative Industry Park, which we intended to rename as the Kingold Jewelry Cultural Industry
Park (the  Jewelry Park ). The acquisition was structured as an equity purchase of the company holding the land use
rights, with Wuhan Wansheng House Purchasing Limited ( Wuhan Wansheng ) (i) initially granting us a portion of ownership
of Wuhan Huayuan Science and Technology Development Limited Company ( Wuhan Huayuan ), (ii) granting us the right to
appoint the chief financial officer for the project to supervise and manage the use of funds, and (iii) naming Wuhan Wansheng as
agent for the completion of the construction. Accordingly, we own 60% of the Jewelry Park as of September 30, 2016. However, because
no other assets or liabilities have been transferred with the acquisition of Wuhan Huayuan, we treated the Jewelry Park acquisition
as an asset purchase for accounting purposes. 

We originally intend to develop the land and
to utilize the completed Jewelry Park as our new operation center and show center and rent spaces within the Jewelry Park to other
jewelry manufacturers and retailers in China, and sell developed commercial and residential properties to individual and corporate
buyers. To move away from the real estate industry and to solely focus on its jewelry business, on June 27, 2016, we entered into
a transfer contract with Wuhan Lianfuda Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( Wuhan Lianfuda ), an unrelated party, to
sell all of its interest in the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda ( Transfer Transaction ). Pursuant to the transfer contract,
Wuhan Lianfuda is obligated to pay Wuhan Kingold RMB 1.14 billion (approximately US $170.9 million). This amount includes (1) RMB
640 million (approximately US $96 million) for the share acquisition fees and the construction fees that Wuhan Kingold has paid
to Wuhan Wansheng; and (2) transfer fees of RMB 500 million (approximately US $75 million). In addition, Wuhan Kingold transfers
and Wuhan Lianfuda receives, all the rights and obligations in the Transfer Transaction Agreement, including 60% stock rights of
Wuhan Huayuan. Wuhan Lianfuda will undertake Wuhan Kingold s remaining payment obligation of RMB 360 million (approximately
US $54 million) stipulated in the Acquisition Agreement. According to an evaluation report issued by an independent evaluation
agency, the evaluated value of the Jewelry Park on June 26, 2016 was approximately RMB 1.48 billion (approximately US $222.8 million).
As of September 30, 2016, the project has passed all inspections and completed acceptance procedures. The Company is waiting for
the certificate of occupancy to be issued by local government, and is in the process of transferring the ownership title to Wuhan
Lianfuda. 

30  

Results of Operations  

The following table sets forth our statements of income (unaudited)
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 in U.S. dollars: 

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

31  

Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to the Three Month Period Ended September 30, 2015  

Net Sales   

Net sales for the three months ended September
30, 2016 amounted to $390.5 million, an increase of $126.7 million, or 48.1%, from net sales of $263.8 million for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, our branded production sales accounted for 98.2% of the
total sales and customized production sales accounted for 1.8% of the total sales. When comparing with three months ended September
30, 2015, our branded production sales increased by $123.8 million or 47.6%, our customized production sales increased by $2.9
million or 74.4%. 

The overall increase
in our revenue in three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to three months ended September 30, 2015 was due to the following
factors: (1) Total sales volume (in terms of quantity sold) increased from 13.48 metric tons in three months ended September 30,
2015 to 20.55 metric tons in three months ended September 30, 2016, causing 7.1 metric tons or 52.4% increase. As a result, approximately
$84.7 million increase in our revenue was attributable to the increase in our sales volume.   
(2) The average unit selling price for our brand production sales increased from RMB 206.74 per gram in three months ended September
30, 2015 to RMB 257.06 per gram in three months ended September 30, 2016, causing 24.3% increase. As a result, approximately $63.2
million increase in brand production revenue was affected by the increase in our selling price. (3) Foreign currency adjustment
effect was approximately a $17.1 million foreign currency translation loss converting RMB into USD when the average exchange rate
of USD: RMB increased from 1 USD=6.2214 RMB in three months ended September 30, 2015 to 1 USD=6.6515 RMB in three months ended
September 30, 2016.   

In the third quarter of 2016, we processed
a total of 20.6 metric tons of gold, of which branded production accounted for 10 metric tons (48.3%) and customized production
accounted for 10.6 metric tons (51.7%). In the third quarter of 2015, we processed a total of 13.5 metric tons of gold, of which
branded production accounted for 7.8 metric tons (58.0%) and customized production accounted for 5.7 metric tons (42.0%).   

Cost of Sales   

Cost of sales for the three months ended September
30, 2016 amounted to $340.1 million, an increase of $91.9 million, or 37.0%, from $248.2 million for the same period in 2015. The
increase was primarily due to higher volume of products sold. The sale quantity increased 52.4% to approximately 20.6 metric tons
in three months ended September 30, 2016 from 13.5 metric tons in three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Gross Profit and Margin   

Gross profit for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $50.4 million, an increase of $34.9 million from $15.6 million for the same period in 2015.
Accordingly, gross margin for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was 12.9%, compared to 5.9% for the same period in
2015. The primary reason for the substantial increase in gross margin was due to the unit price of branded production sales
was RMB 257.1 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2016, while the unit price of branded production sales was
RMB 206.7 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2015, the unit price increased by 24.3%. On the other hand, the
unit cost of branded production was RMB 227.6 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2016, while the unit cost of
branded production was RMB 197.2 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Although there was an increase in
unit cost for branded production, the percentage increase of the unit cost is smaller than the increase in the sales due to
the fact that the Company purchased significant quantity of gold in prior period at relatively low price and reserved for the
subsequent productions. As a result, the unit margin of branded production was RMB 29.5 per gram for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to RMB 9.5 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Expenses   

Total operating expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $4.0 million compared with $3.4 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly
due to increased Selling, General and Administrative expenses for broader marketing efforts, such as increased employee salary
and annual bonus expense during the Chinese Spring Festival, increased legal, accounting for special projects, additional stock-based
compensation expenses to settle our consulting agreement with a consultant, increased asset insurance expenses as a result of increased
gold inventory, as well as the increased consulting expenses in relation to obtaining loans from banks and various other financial
institutions. 

Interest expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016
were $26.6 million compared with $0.3 million for the same period in 2015. The increase of interest expenses was mainly due to
the significant loan borrowings for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

The current provision for income tax
expense was approximately $25.2 million for three months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $25.1 million from $0.07
million for the same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to the increase in our taxable income, arising from
increased sales and higher gross margin and recorded investment income per book. The deferred income tax benefit was
approximately $19.9 million, which was mainly due to the temporary differences from the gain from the sale of the Jewelry
Park for three months ended September 30, 2016, comparing to a deferred income tax provision of approximately $3.1 million
for three months ended September 30, 2015. 

32  

Net Income Attributable to Common Stockholders   

For the forgoing reasons, net income was $15.7 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8.8 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $6.9 million. 

Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2016
Compared to the Nine Month Period Ended September 30, 2015  

Net Sales   

Net sales for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 amounted to $1,063 million, an increase of $343.6 million, or 47.8%, from net sales of $719.4 million for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. For the the nine months ended September 30, 2016, our branded production sales accounted for 98.3% of
the total sales and customized production sales accounted for 1.7% of the total sales. When comparing with nine months ended September
30, 2015, our branded production sales increased by $345.4 million or 49.4%, our customized production sales decreased by $1.7
million or 9.0%. 

The overall increase in our revenue in nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due to the following combined factors:
(1) Total sales volume (in terms of quantity sold) increased from 40.26 metric tons in nine months ended September 30, 2015 to
55.73 metric tons in nine months ended September 30, 2016, causing 15.5 metric tons or 38.4% increase. As a result, approximately
$308.9 million increase in our revenue was attributable to the increase in our sales volume. (2) The average unit selling price
for our brand production sales increased from RMB 212.5 per gram in nine months ended September 30, 2015 to RMB 240.3 per gram
in nine months ended September 30, 2016, causing 13.1% increase. As a result, approximately $91.5 million increase in brand production
revenue was affected by the increase in our selling price, partially offset against the decrease in customized production revenue
to certain extent. (3) Foreign currency adjustment effect was approximately a $45.9 million foreign currency translation loss converting
RMB into USD when the average exchange rate of USD: RMB increased from 1 USD=6.1606 RMB in nine months ended September 30, 2015
to 1 USD=6.5802 RMB in nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

In nine months ended September 30, 2016, we
processed a total of 55.7 metric tons of gold, of which branded production accounted for 28.6 metric tons (51.4%) and customized
production accounted for 27.1 metric tons (48.6%). In nine months ended September 30, 2015, we processed a total of 40.3 metric
tons of gold, of which branded production accounted for 20.3 metric tons (50.4%) and customized production accounted for 20.0 metric
tons (49.6%).   

Cost of Sales   

Cost of sales for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 amounted to $938.0 million, an increase of $247.4 million, or 35.8%, from $690.6 million for the same period in 2015.
The increase was primarily due to higher volume of products sold. The sale quantity increased 38.4% to approximately 55.7 metric
tons in nine months ended September 30, 2016 from 40.3 metric tons in nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Gross Profit and Margin   

Gross profit for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $125.0 million, an increase of $96.2 million from $28.8 million for the same period in 2015. Accordingly, gross margin
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was 11.8%, compared to 4.0% for the same period in 2015. The primary reason for the
substantial increase in gross margin was due to the unit price of branded production sales was RMB 240.3 per gram for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, while the unit price of branded production sales was RMB 212.5 per gram for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015, the unit price increased by 13.1%. On the other hand, the unit cost of branded production was RMB 215.3 per
gram for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, while the unit cost of brand production was RMB 209.2 per gram for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. Although there was an increase in unit cost for branded production, the percentage increase of
the unit price is smaller than the increase in the sales due to the fact that the Company purchased significant quantity of gold
in prior period at relatively low price and reserved for the subsequent productions. As a result, the unit margin of branded production
was RMB 25.0 per gram for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to RMB 3.3 per gram for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. 

33  

Expenses   

Total operating expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $13.8 million compared with $7.6 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was mainly
due to increased Selling, General and Administrative expenses for broader marketing efforts, such as increased employee salary
and annual bonus expense during the Chinese Spring Festival, increased legal, accounting for special projects, and additional stock-based
compensation expenses to settle the investor relationship agreement with a consultant, increased asset insurance expenses as a
result of increased gold inventory, as well as the increased consulting expenses in relation to obtaining loans from banks and
various of other financial institutions. 

Interest expenses for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were $45.1 million compared with $0.7 million for the same period in 2015. The increase of interest expenses
was mainly due to the significant loan borrowings of $1,062.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The current provision for income tax expense
was approximately $36.9 million for nine months ended September 30, 2016, an increase of $33.5 million from $3.4 million for the
same period in 2015. The increase was primarily due to the increase in our taxable income, arising from increased sales and higher
gross margin and recorded investment income per book. The deferred income tax benefit was approximately $19.7 million, which was
mainly due to the temporary differences from the gain on sale of Jewelry Park for nine months ended
September 30, 2016, comparing to a deferred income tax provision of approximately $1.3 million for three months ended September
30, 2015. 

Net Income Attributable to Common
Stockholders   

For the forgoing reasons, net income was $50.7
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $15.9 million for the same period in 2015, an increase of $34.8
million. 

Cash Flows  

Net cash used in operating activities.   

Net cash used in operating activities was $726.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net cash used in operating activities of $34.0 million
for the same period in 2015. 

The significant increase in net cash used
in operating activities was mainly due to our spending on purchase of inventory of $817.8 million in anticipation of the
increased production and sales demand when the Jewelry Park is completed which may stimulate our sales starting from the
second half 2016. In addition, in connection with our significant bank borrowings during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we are required to pledge 28,106,750 grams of gold with the banks as collateral, which also led us to increase the
inventory purchases and stockpile. On the other hand, in connection with the Jewelry Park Transfer Transaction, we received
net proceeds of $151.4 cash payment from Wuhan Lianfuda for the Jewelry Park transfer, and such amount will be adjusted when
we deliver the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda in the near future. The overall increase in cash used in operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is reflected in the above mentioned factors. 

Analysis and Expectations:   Our net cash
from operating activities can fluctuate significantly due to changes in our inventories. Factors that may vary significantly include
our purchases of gold and value added tax. Looking forward, we expect the net cash that we generate from operating activities to
continue to fluctuate as our inventories, receivables, accounts payables and other factors described above change with increased
production, and the purchase of larger quantities of raw materials. These fluctuations could cause net cash from operating activities
to fall, even if, as we expect, our net income grows as we expand. Although we expect net cash from operating activities will rise
over the long term, we cannot predict how these fluctuations will affect our cash flow in any particular quarter. 

Net cash used in investing activities.   

Net cash used in investing activities
was $20.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net cash used in investing activities of $26.2
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease in the net cash used in the investing activities was mainly
because there was $5.7 million less cash paid to finance the construction of the Jewelry Park during the current period. 

Analysis and Expectations: Since we committed
to sell the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda, we do not expect a significant fluctuation in our investing activities in the near
future. 

Net cash provided by financing activities.   

Net cash provided by financing activities was
$875.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net cash provided by financing activities of $89.1 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase net cash provided by the financing activities was mainly due to the fact
that the Company borrowed additional $1,077 million bank loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and we also repaid
$54.9 million bank loans and $60.8 million debts payable upon maturity. 

34  

Analysis and Expectations:  We expect
that cash generated from financing activities may increase significantly as a result of additional financing being obtained to
meet the needs of expanded production.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We originally guaranteed
payment to a non-related third-party of approximately $10.2 million (RMB 68 million) in bank loans. The guarantee terminated in
May 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, an aggregate of
1,420 kilograms and 2,782 kilograms of leased gold were outstanding, at the approximated amounts of $52.6 million and $101.8 million,
respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$129.6 million in cash and cash equivalents. We have financed our operations with cash flow generated from operations and through
borrowing of bank loans as well as through private and public borrowing and offerings in the U.S. and Chinese capital markets,
such as our recent placement under our commercial paper program with Shanghai Pudong Development Bank ( SPD Bank ). 

At September 30, 2016, we had total outstanding
loans of $1,092.2 million (including $195.2 million short-term loans and $897 million long term loans). The amounts outstanding
under these bank loans are presented in our financial statements as  loans.  For additional information regarding our
loans, please see Note 6 to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

We have maintained a close
relationship with the banks from where we leased gold. Therefore we expect that we are able to renew current gold leases upon maturity
and obtain additional gold leases from the banks, if necessary. We are expecting to generate additional cash flows in the coming
period of time from developing new customers, expanding our sales through our online sales platform and an increase in our revenue
during the upcoming sales season. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had positive
working capital of $1,018 million. We believe that our current cash and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our
anticipated cash needs, including our cash needs for working capital for the next 12 months.. We may, however, require additional
cash resources due to changing business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may
decide to pursue. Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity depends partially on our ability to achieve anticipated levels of
revenue, while continuing to control costs. We continue to seek favorable additional financing to meet our capital requirements
to fund our operations and growth plans in the ordinary course of business. 

The ability of Wuhan Vogue-Show
to pay dividends may be restricted due to the PRC s foreign exchange control policies and our availability of cash. A majority
of our revenue being earned and currency received is denominated in RMB. We may be unable to distribute any dividends outside of
China due to PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, Vogue-Show s
funds may not be readily available to us to satisfy obligations incurred outside the PRC, which could adversely affect our business
and prospects or our ability to meet our cash obligations. 

On June 27, 2016, Wuhan Kingold signed certain
5 years lease agreements to rent office and store space at the Jewelry Park commencing in July 2016 and October 2016, respectively,
with aggregated annual rent of approximately $0.09 million and $0.17 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $21,884 rent expense. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was obligated under non-cancellable
operating leases for minimum rentals as follows: 

35  

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures in the financial statements. Critical accounting
policies are those accounting policies that may be material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account
for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change, and that have a material impact on financial condition
or operating performance. While we base our estimates and judgments on our experience and on various other factors that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
We believe the following critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements require significant judgments
and estimates. For additional information relating to these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 to our unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 

Inventories   

Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market value. Cost is
determined using the weighted average method. We continually evaluate the composition of our inventory, turnover of our products,
the price of gold, and the ability of our customers to pay for their products. We write down slow-moving and obsolete inventory
based on an assessment of these factors, but principally customer demand. Such assessments require the exercise of significant
judgment by management. Additionally, the value of our inventory may be affected by commodity prices. Decreases in the market value
of gold would result in a lower stated value of our inventory, which may require us to take a charge for the decrease in the value.
In addition, if the price of gold changes substantially in a very short period, it might trigger customer defaults, which could
result in inventory obsolescence. If any of these factors were to become less favorable than those projected, inventory write-downs
could be required, which would have a negative effect on our earnings and working capital. 

Revenue Recognition   

Our revenue is derived from the sales price of goods sold and fees
for services provided. We recognize revenue for goods sold when they are delivered to the customer. We recognize revenue for services
provided when the services have been performed and collectability is deemed probable. Management has not made an allowance for
estimated sales returns because they are considered immaterial when viewed in light of our overall revenue and historical experience. 

36  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk  

Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk  

Given that all of our revenues are generated
in RMB, yet our results are reported in U.S. dollars, devaluation of the RMB could negatively impact our results of operations.
The value of RMB is subject to changes in the PRC s governmental policies and to international economic and political developments.
In January 1994, the PRC government implemented a unitary managed floating rate system. Under this system, the People s Bank
of China, or PBOC, began publishing a daily base exchange rate with reference primarily to the supply and demand of RMB against
the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies in the market during the previous day. Authorized banks and financial institutions
are allowed to quote buy and sell rates for RMB within a specified band around the central bank s daily exchange rate. On
July 21, 2005, the PBOC announced an adjustment of the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to RMB from 1:8.27 to 1:8.11 and modified
the system by which the exchange rates are determined. Over the past four years, RMB has appreciated 8.6% against the U.S. dollar
(from USD1 = RMB 7.2946 on January 1, 2008 to USD1 = RMB 6.6702 on September 30, 2016). While the international reaction to
the RMB revaluation has generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt
an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in further fluctuations of the exchange rate of RMB against the U.S.
dollar, including possible devaluations. As all of our net revenues are recorded in RMB, any future devaluation of RMB against
the U.S. dollar could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Along these lines, the income statements of
our operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S.
dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in
reduced revenue, operating expenses and net income for our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens
against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions results in increased revenue, operating
expenses and net income for our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert
the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency
exchange rates, the conversion of the foreign subsidiaries  financial statements into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation
gain or loss which is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income. In addition, we have certain assets and liabilities
that are denominated in currencies other than the relevant entity s functional currency. Changes in the functional currency
value of these assets and liabilities create fluctuations that will lead to a transaction gain or loss. We have not entered into
agreements or purchased instruments to hedge our exchange rate risks, although we may do so in the future. The availability and
effectiveness of any hedging transaction may be limited and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exchange rate risks. 

37  

Interest Rate Risk  

Our bank borrowings as of September 30, 2016,
were approximately $1,092.2 million, and interest expense paid was $45.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

At the end of September 30, 2016, our weighted
average interest rate was 10.3%. We do not expect the interest expense will be changed dramatically as we have secured the gold
lease for a period of 12 months. We currently have no interest rate hedging positions in place to reduce our exposure to interest
rates. 

Commodity Price Risk  

Most of our sales are of products that include
gold, precious metals and other commodities, and fluctuations in the availability and pricing of commodities would adversely impact
our ability to obtain and make products at favorable prices. The jewelry industry generally is affected by fluctuations in the
price and supply of diamonds, gold, and, to a lesser extent, other precious and semi-precious metals and stones. In the past, we
have not hedged our requirement for gold or other raw materials through the use of options, forward contracts or outright commodity
purchasing, although we may do so in the future. A significant increase in the price of gold could increase our production costs
beyond the amount that we are able to pass on to our customers, which would adversely affect our sales and profitability. A significant
disruption in our supply of gold or other commodities could decrease our production and shipping levels, materially increase our
operating costs, and materially and adversely affect our profit margins. Shortages of gold, or other commodities, or interruptions
in transportation systems, labor strikes, work stoppages, war, acts of terrorism, or other interruptions to or difficulties in
the employment of labor or transportation in the markets in which we purchase our raw materials, may adversely affect our ability
to maintain production of our products and sustain profitability. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage
of gold, we would be unable to meet our production schedules and to ship products to our customers in a timely manner, which would
adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. 

A dramatic increase in the price of gold could
increase our production costs beyond the amount that we may be able to pass on to our customers, which could adversely affect our
gross profit margin and profitability. Furthermore, the carrying value of our inventory may be affected. Slight decreases
in the market price of gold following the end of a reporting period could impact the carrying amount of the inventory at the balance
sheet date and/or the following reporting period s gross profit margin and profitability. 

If the market value dropped by just RMB 5 per gram below our weighted purchase price, we would need to write down our inventory
by approximately RMB 157,000,000 (approximately $23,000,000) based on our holdings of approximately 31,388,000 grams of gold
at September 30, 2016. We maintain significant inventory of gold. As of September 30, 2016, our inventory was valued at RMB
233.42 per gram, which represents the lower of actual purchase price or market value. Our inventory purchase price is calculated
using the weighted value on a first in, first out basis. As of September 30, 2016, our weighted purchase price was RMB 233.42
per gram, while the market price was RMB 238.01 per gram. 

Because the market price was higher than
our weighted purchase price, we were not required to write down the value of our gold, but we cannot guarantee that this will
continue to be the case. If the market price drops in the future, such write downs could be significant. For example, over
the last 12 months the market value of gold has fluctuated between RMB 217.91 per gram and RMB 251.97 per gram a variance of
RMB 34.06 per gram. If the market value dropped by just RMB 5 per gram below our weighted purchase price, we would need to
write down our inventory by approximately RMB 157,000,000 (approximately $23,000,000), based on our holdings of approximately
31,388,000 grams of gold at September 30, 2016. By contrast, if the market value increased by RMB 5 per gram above the
current price, it would not benefit our inventory carrying value.  

38  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide
reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities
and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that the information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Based on our review, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of the end of the period covered by
this Quarterly Report due to the continued existence of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

In connection with the preparation of this
Quarterly Report, management determined that, as of September 30, 2016, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting due to the existence of the following material weaknesses: 

Lack
of segregation of duties for accounting personnel who prepared and reviewed the journal entries;  

Cashier
does not deposit cash collected into the Company s bank accounts on a timely manner;  

Material
audit adjustments were proposed by the auditors and recorded by the Company for the fiscal year 2015;  

Lack
of appropriate approval procedures for certain material transactions, including guarantees of third-party obligations;  

Lack
of resources with technical competency to review and record non-routine or complex transactions;  

Lack
of a full-time U.S. GAAP personnel in the accounting department to monitor the recording of the transactions; and  

Lack
of adequate policies and procedures in internal audit function, which could result in: (1) lack of communication between internal
audit department and the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors; (2) Insufficient internal audit work to ensure that the Company s
policies and procedures have been carried out as planned; and  

Lack of adequate
                                                                                                                                                  policies and procedures in internal control to include material transactions entered into subsequent to the period end for
                                                                                                                                                  financial statements disclosure purpose.  

In order to remedy the material weakness of
inadequate controls over cash management, our Board adopted resolutions requiring management to seek Board approval prior to entering
into any transactions including gold leases and loans with a value in excess of $250,000. Further, we intend to explore implementing
additional policies and procedures, which may include: 

Reporting
other material and non-routine transactions to the Board and obtain proper approval,  

Recruiting
qualified professionals with appropriate levels of knowledge and experience to assist in resolving accounting issues in non-routine
or complex transactions. To mitigate the reporting risks, Kingold has now contracted with a third-party qualified consultant on
GAAP reporting to improve the ability to prepare GAAP statements. The new consultant will also assist the Company to analyze non-routine,
complex transactions in accordance with GAAP;  

39  

Improving
the communication between management, board of directors and chief financial officer; and  

Improving
the internal audit function, internal control policies and monitoring controls.  

Changes in Internal Controls   

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting
during our nine months ended September 30, 2016. Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial
reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further, because of changes in conditions,
effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting may vary over time. Our system contains self-monitoring mechanisms,
and actions are taken to correct deficiencies as they are identified. 

40  

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims
in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently a party to any litigation the outcome of which, if determined adversely
to us, would individually or in the aggregate be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, cash flows or financial condition. Our business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently
known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial. If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks
should occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors  

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the
information otherwise required by this Item. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.  

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

None. 

41  

Item 6. Exhibits  

No.   
       
       Description    
 
      3.1  
       
      Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2 with the Commission on August 13, 1999).   
 
      3.2  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated September 29, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2 with the Commission on August 13, 1999).   
 
      3.3  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated October 12, 1995 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2 with the Commission on August 13, 1999).   
 
      3.4  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated January 21, 1999 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2 with the Commission on August 13, 1999).   
 
      3.5  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated April 7, 2000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2/A with the Commission on April 12, 2000).   
 
      3.6  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated December 18, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to our Registration Statement filed on Form S-1 with the Commission on October 1, 2010).   
 
      3.7  
       
      Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant, dated June 8, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to our Registration Statement filed on Form S-1 with the Commission on October 1, 2010).   
 
      3.8  
       
      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on September 30, 2010).   
 
      4.1  
       
      Form of Common Stock Certificate of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Registration Statement filed on Form SB-2 with the Commission on August 13, 1999).   
 
      10.1  
       
      Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated April 2, 2015, between Kingold Jewelry, Inc. and Fidelidade   Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on April 6, 2015).   
 
      10.2  
       
      Form of Registration Rights Agreement, between Kingold Jewelry, Inc. and Fidelidade   Companhia de Seguros, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on April 6, 2015).   
 
      10.3  
       
      Trust
Loan Agreement (English translation), dated April 26, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and The National Trust
Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on May 19, 2016)   
 
      10.4  
       
      Amendment to Trust Loan Agreement (English translation), dated April 26, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and The National Trust Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on May 19, 2016)   
 
      10.5  
       
       Gold Income Right Transfer and Repurchase Agreement of AJ Trust   Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Gold Income Right Collective Fund Trust Plan (English translation), dated April 28, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Shanghai AJ Trust Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 26, 2016)   
 
      10.6  
       
      Trust Loan Contract (English translation), dated June 24, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on August 4, 2016)   
 
      10.7  
       
      Contract to Transfer the Contractual Rights and Obligations (English translation), dated June 27, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Wuhan Lianfuda Investment Management Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 29, 2016)   
 
      10.8  
       
      Office Lease (English translation), dated June 27, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Wuhan Huayuan Science and Technology Development Limited Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 29, 2016)   

42  

10.9  
       
      Store Lease (English translation), dated June 27, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Wuhan Huayuan Science and Technology Development Limited Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report filed on Form 8-K with the Commission on July 29, 2016)   
 
      10.10  
       
      Trust Loan Agreement (English translation), dated July 11, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and The National Trust Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report filed on Form 10-Q with the Commission on August 12, 2016)   
 
      10.11  
       
      Trust Loan Agreement (English translation), dated August 29, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and China Construction Investment Trust *   
 
      10.12  
       
      Trust Loan Agreement (English translation), dated September 7, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Sichuan Trust Ltd. *   
 
      10.13  
       
      Loan Agreement (English translation), dated September 7, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and China Aviation Capital Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. *   
 
      10.14  
       
      General Entrusted Loan Agreement (English translation), dated September 30, 2016, among Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and Hubei Asset Management Co., Ltd. and Industrial   Commercial Bank of China *   
 
      10.15  
       
      Trust Loan Agreement (English translation), dated October 14, 2016, between Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited and China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. *   
 
      31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      32.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 *   
 
      99.1  
       
      Press release dated November 14, 2016, titled  Kingold Jewelry Reports Financial Results for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2016.  *   
 
      101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document *   
 
      101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document *   
 
      101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document *   
 
      101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *   

*  
       
      Filed Herewith   

43  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Zhihong Jia   

Zhihong Jia   

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and  
 Principal Executive Officer   

By:  
      /s/ Bin Liu   

Bin Liu   

Chief Financial Officer and Principal  
 Accounting Officer   

44  

<EX-10.11>
 2
 v452608_ex10-11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

Exhibit 10.11  

Trust Loan Contract for Assembled Funds
Trust Plan between JIC Trust Co., Ltd and Yongquan  
Series (Kingold Jewelry)   

Contract No.:
[JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji 006-01]  

JIC Trust Co., Ltd.   (China Construction
Investment Trust)  

  August 2016  

Party A (The Lender): JIC Trust Co.,
Ltd.  

Party B (the Borrower): Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Inc.  

Residence: 1# Jinhuang Road, Jiang an Economic Development Zone, Wuhan City  
      Post Code: 430023   

Hereafter, Party A and Party B are separately
called   one party   and jointly called   both parties  . 

Whereas:  

Party B intends to apply
to Party A for RMB Trust Loan, and Party A agrees to issue loans to Party B as agreed in the Contract. Hereby, both parties conclude
the following contract for mutual compliance through negotiation on the basis of equality principle. 

Definition and Interpretation
Rule  

1. Definition  

Unless otherwise interpreted
in the Contract or indicated in the context, the following terms or abbreviations should be defined as follows: 

(1)    The Contract:  it refers to the  Trust Loan Contract for the Assembled Funds Trust Plan
between JIC Trust Co., Ltd and Yongquan Series (Kingold Jewelry)  [Contract No.: Contract No.: JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji
006-01] concluded and signed between both parties, as well as any valid revision and supplementation thereto.   

(2)    Cooperation documents:  the Cooperation Document s refer to the Contract and the documents
concluded and signed between Party A and Party B or the third party for the cooperation issues as agreed in the Contract, including
but not limited to:   

A   Guaranty Contract  [Contract No.: JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji 006-02] concluded and signed
between Party A and Jia Zhihong;   

B   Gold Pledge Contract  [Contract No.: JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji 006-03] concluded and signed
between Party A and Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Inc. (hereinafter referred to as  Kingold Jewelry ).   

(3)    Trust Plan:  it refers to the  Trust Loan Contract for the Assembled Funds Trust Plan
between JIC Trust Co., Ltd and Yongquan Series (Kingold Jewelry) , legally concluded between the consignor and the consignee,
for the consignor to entrust the funds or other properties legally owned and able to be freely disposed thereby to Party A on the
basis of the sufficient trust to Party A as the consignee and to allow the consignee to mange, utilize and dispose the funds or
other properties in his/her own name according to the consignor s intentions.   

(4)    Trust Loan or Loan:  it refers to the Loan issued by Party A from the trust fund under the
Trust Plan to Party B, including lump loan or various loans issued by installment.   

(5)    Borrowing Account:  it refers to the bank account opened by Party B for receiving the Trust
Loan fund from Party A.   

(6)    Collection Account:  it refers to the bank account opened by Party A for collecting the principal,
interest, default penalty, and so on paid by Party B for the Loan concerned.   

(7)    Loan Term:  it refers to the Trust Loan Term specified in Article 3 of the Contract.   

(8)    Loan Interest Rate:  it refers to the annual interest rate of the Loan specified in Article
4.1 of the Contract.   

(9)    Default Interest Rate:  it refers to the overdue default interest rate and the defalcation
default interest rate specified in Articles 4.3   4.4 of the Contract.   

(10)    Interest Settlement Date:  it refers to the Loan interest accounting date specified in Article
6.1.2 of the Contract.   

(11)    Interest Payment Date:  it refers to the Loan interest payment date specified in Article
6.1.3 of the Contract.   

(12)    Prerequisite Conditions for Loan Issuance:  it refers to the precondition specified in Articles
11.1   11.2 of the Contract for the Loan issuance of Party A.   

(13)    Borrowing Confirmation:  it refers to the reception confirmation document signed by Party
B according to Party A s requirements for format and content and meanwhile submitted to Party A.   

(14)    Target Project:  it refers to the gold purchasing and storage issues regarding Kingold Jewelry.   

(15)    Pledgor:  the pledgor is Kingold Jewelry.   

(16)    Warrantor:  the warrantor is Jia Zhihong.   

(17)    Guarantor:  the Pledgor and the Warrantor are jointly called the Guarantor.   

(18)    Liability:  it refers to all external payment or repayment obligations of Party B, regardless
of property, principal debt or guarantee duty, actual or probable obligation, due or undue debt.   

(19)    Major Event:  it means that Party B has significant change in legal status, assets condition,
financial condition or business condition, and according to Party A s reasonable judgment, such change has brought or will
bring significant adverse impact on Party B s capability for performing the obligations under the Contract.   

(20)    Below or less than:  such words as  below  and  less than  mentioned
in the Contract all exclude the number concerned.   

(21)    Accounting Standard:  it refers to the currently effective accounting standard which conforms
to the Chinese laws and is universally accepted within China.   

(22)    China:  it refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and Taiwan Region.   

(23)    Business Day:  it refers to any day except Saturday, Sunday (excluding the days adjusted
by the State Council as the Business Days) and statutory holidays in China.   

(24)    Organization:  it refers to the legal person and other legal organizations.   

(25)    Laws:  the laws refer to all laws, regulations, rules, specifications, ordinances, instructions,
and so on, which are issued by any legislative body, state institution or supervision organization in China, and which apply to
and restrain any party under the Contract.   

(26)    Yuan:  unless otherwise specified in the Contract, Yuan refers to the legal tender in China,
namely RMB.   

2. Interpretation
rule  

(1)   The contents and the titles of the terms of the Contract are only set for convenient reading, and
may be ignored for the interpretation of the contract terms.   

(2)    Assets  should be understood as all present and future tangible or intangible assets,
properties, incomes, profits, receivables and various rights and interests in any asset.   

(3)    Person  should be understood as any natural person, company, partnership, individual
proprietorship, or any other legal person, or unincorporated organization, or any other legal entity.   

(4)    Existence  of one default event means that the default event concerned has occurred
and not disappeared, and has not been compensated or exempted according to the Contract.   

(5)    One month  refers to a period calculated from one day (including current day) of a
calendar month to the corresponding day (excluded) of the next calendar month, but if the corresponding day is not included in
the next calendar month, the period should be ended at the last day of the next calendar month.   

(6)    Period  or  term  refers to the duration from the starting date (included)
to the ending date (excluded). The  days/actual days  of a  period  or  term  refer to the
days from the starting date (included) to the expiry date (excluded).   

(7)    Business cessation ,  dissolution ,  liquidation ,  bankruptcy ,
 reorganization ,  reconciliation  or  rectification  of any person should be understood as
any same or similar legal procedure initiated according to the laws of the establishment place or the business operation place,
and the  initiation  of such legal procedure should include that the person concerned agrees the decision or any person
applies for initiating such legal procedure.   

(8)   One party or any other person under the Contract should include the legal inheritor and the permissible
assignee.   

(9)   The Contract, any other agreement or document should include above data themselves and any revision,
modification, replacement or supplementation frequently made thereto according to the applicable terms thereof.   

Special Terms and Conditions  

  Article 1 Loan Currency and
Amount  

1.2   In case the actual loan amount is inconsistent with above amount, the
amount actually transferred from Party A to the Borrowing Account should be regarded as the Loan amount.    

Article 2 Intended Use of the Loan  

2.1   The Loan is dedicated for the gold purchasing and storage of Kingold
Jewelry. Without the written consent from Party A, Party B should not change the intended use of the Loan.    

2.2   Party A should not entrust any supervision bank to supervise the Loan
use of Party B.    

Article 3 Loan Term  

3.1   The term of any loan under the Contract should be [twenty-four] months, calculated from the date
of the actual loan transfer to the Borrowing Account (namely  Each Loan Issuance Date  to the Loan expiry date mentioned
above (namely  Each Loan Expiry Date ). The term of the Loan under the Contract should not be extended. For the prepayment,
please refer to Article 13 of the Contract.   

3.2   According to the conditions specified in the Contract, in case Party
A announces loan expiry acceleration or Party B applies for prepayment which is approved by Party A, the date clearly indicated
in Party A s notification for the Loan expiry acceleration is the accelerated expiry date of all loans under the Contract
( Accelerated Loan Expiry Date ).    

Article 4 Loan Interest Rate and Interest  

4.1   The annual interest rate of the Loan under the Contract is [8%/year],
and should not be adjusted within the Loan Term.    

The corresponding
interest should be calculated for the Loan under the Contract since the Loan issuance date according to the interest rate agreed
in the Contract, and the daily interest rate should be calculated as annual interest rate/360. Unless otherwise specified, the
interests of various loans within the Loan Term should be calculated as: Loan Interest Rate = Trust Loan Principal x actual loan
days x daily interest rate. Therein, each Trust Loan Principal balance refers to the difference between the total amount of the
Trust Loan issued by Party A and the total amount of the Loan principal actually repaid by Party B (hereinafter inclusive). Within
the Loan Term, in case any Trust Loan Principal balance is changed, the Loan interest should be calculated by installment. Additionally,
the actual days of each loan refers to the days from the issuance date to the expiry date of the Loan concerned. 

4.2   In case the Borrower fails to pay off any due payables as agreed in
the Contract, additional interests should be collected for such overdue funds at [50]% ( Overdue Default Interest Rate )
of the Loan Interest Rate since the overdue date till all payables are paid off.     

4.3   In case the Borrower embezzles any loan fund, additional interests should
be collected for such embezzled funds at [100]% ( Embezzlement Default Interest Rate ) of the Loan Interest Rate since
the embezzlement occurrence date till the end of such embezzlement.    

4.4   In case the same loan is overdue and embezzled, the higher Default Interest
Rate should prevail.    

4.5   For the interests incurred from the overdue funds and the embezzled
funds, the compound interests should be calculated according to the corresponding Default Interest Rate.     

4.6   For any unliquidated funds under the Contract, the corresponding interests
should be calculated and/or the default interests should be daily calculated according to the actual days, and the daily interest
rate should be calculated as annual interest rate/360.    

Article 5 Borrowing
Account  

5.1   Party A should transfer the Loan to the following Borrowing Account
designated by Party B within three Business Days after the prerequisite conditions of the Loan concerned can be met:    

Account Name: Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Inc. 

Deposit Bank: Wuhan Jiang an
Branch, CCB 

Account No.: 4200 1116 2080 5301
7159 

5.2   After transferring any loan under the Contract to above Borrowing Account, Party A should be deemed
to issue the Loan to Party B, and Party B should bear the responsibility and obligation for principal and interest repayment.   

Article 6 Principal and Interest Repayment  

6.1   The interest of the Loan under the Contract is divided into two parts
for repayment, namely the first loan interest and the second loan interest:    

6.1.1 The first
loan interest should be paid before December 25, 2016, and the payable interest of each installment of the first loan should be
calculated as the amount of the Trust Loan issued thereby for this installment x 1%. Particularly, where Party B repays the Loan
as agreed in the Contract or Party A, according to the Contract, requests Party B to repay part or all of the Trust Loan Principals,
the Loan interest concerned should not be returned. 

6.1.2 The second
loan interest should be calculated on each Interest Settlement Date, and the Interest Settlement Date should be: (1) the [25 th ]
day of the last month of each natural quarter within the Loan Term; (2) the date when Party B repays part or all of the Loan principals
as agreed in the Contract; (3) the Loan expiry date. The payment date should be the Interest Settlement Date, and if the Interest
Settlement Date is a non-Business Day, the payment date should be the most recent Business Day before the Interest Settlement Date. 

6.1.3 The payable
interest of each installment of the second loan = the balance of Trust Loan Principal x actual days of current accounting period
of the installment x [7.5%]/360. In order to avoid doubt, the Loan interest paid by Party B on each payment day should be the sum
of the second payable loan interests for each installment. 

Within the above
accounting period, in case the Loan principal balance is changed, the corresponding loan interest should be calculated by installment. 

The actual days
of current accounting period should be the days between the last Interest Settlement Date and the current Interest Settlement Date.
Specially, the actual days of the first accounting period should be the days between the Loan issuance date of each loan to the
last Interest Settlement Date after the Loan issuance date of each loan, and the actual days of the last accounting period should
be the days between the most recent Interest Settlement Date before the expiry date of the corresponding loan and the expiry date
of the corresponding installment. 

6.1.4 In case
a certain installment of Trust Loan under the Contract is due in advance, the sum of the first loan interest and the second loan
interest actually paid by Party B should be equal to the amount calculated according to the actual existence days x 8%/360, namely:
this installment s first loan interest + second loan interest = the Trust Loan Principal balance of this installment x actual
loan existence days of this installment x 8%/360. 

6.2   Unless otherwise specified, Party B should pay off the Loan principal,
the interest accrued and other expenses on the Loan expiry date.    

6.3   Fund collection measure are [not adopted] for the project.    

6.4   For the Loan under the Contract, Party B should first repay the interest
accrued and then the principal.    

6.5   Party B should pay the Loan principal, interest, default penalty and
other expenses as agreed in the Contract to the following Collection Account designated by Party A:    

Account Name:
JIC Trust Co., Ltd 

Deposit Bank: China
Merchants Bank, Hangzhou Branch Business Unit 

Account No.: 571900007010301 

6.6   Party B should pay off the payable funds under the Contract at a full
amount, without any offset, claim or restriction, or any taxation expense deduction or pre-withholding.    

6.7   In case any fund received by Party A is less than the fund that should
be paid by Party B as agreed in the Contract as of the payment date of the fund concerned, Party A has the right to transfer the
funds according to the sequence of   the expenses for the realization of the creditor s rights and the damage compensation,
and the default penalty;   the default interest and compound interest payable;   the interest payable;   the
Loan principal, and any insufficient amount should be supplemented by Party B.    

Article 7 Fund Supervision  

The Contract is [inapplicable]
to the fund supervision measures. 

Article 8 Guarantee Arrangement  

8.1   In order to guarantee Party A s interests, Party B has the obligation
to ensure that the following guarantee and supervision arrangements are implemented according to the conditions and ways specified
in the Contract.    

8.2   Within the Loan duration, in case Party B and the Guarantor concerned
apply for changing the guarantee measure, Party B and the Guarantor concerned should submit the written application to Party A
thirty Business Days in advance, and should, after receiving the written consent from Party A, provide Party A with movable property,
right, land usage right, house property or other assets accepted by Party A; Party A has the right to engage professional assessment
agency to assess the substitute guaranty, and Party B should bear the assessment expense incurred, and the estimated value of the
new guaranty should not be lower than that of the original guaranty.    

8.3   Party B /the Guarantor should sign the corresponding pledge contract,
Guaranty Contract, and so on and handle the pledge procedure for the substitute guaranty, and the original Guarantor can be cancelled
after the pledge procedure for the substitute guaranty is completely handled.    

Article 9 Notification and Delivery  

9.1   Unless otherwise specified in the Contract for call instruction or notification,
all notifications, requests, instructions and other communications required or allowed in the Contract to be provided to any party
should be issued in a written form, and the party issuing such notification or the representative thereof should sign the notification.
Moreover, the notification should be delivered through fax, or specially-assigned person, or prepaid registered mail, or email
or express delivery to the address or fax No. listed below (or other address or fax No. formally notified according to this article):    

Party A: JIC Trust Co., Ltd  

 Contact Person: Zhiyue Zhu 

 Address: Zones C   D, Floors
18~19, Building 1, Legend City EAC Center (Tower A), 18# Jiaogong Road, Hangzhou City 

 Post Code: 310012 

 Telephone: 0571-89891626 

 Fax: 0571-85064871 

Party B: Wuhan Gold Jewelry
Inc.  

 Contact Person: Qing Li 

 Address: 1# Jinhuang Road, Jiang an
Economic Development Zone, Wuhan City 

 Post Code: 430023 

 Telephone: 027-65660346 

 Fax: 027-65660703 

9.2   The notifications delivered through specially-assigned person, fax,
email, mail or express delivery should be deemed to be effectively delivered at the following time:    

(1)  When being sent by the specially-assigned person to the designated address, the notification should
be deemed to be delivered;   

(2)  In case of fax delivery, when the fax is sent or the fax
machine has generated the conformation for successful transmission, the notification should be deemed to be delivered; 

(3)  In case of prepaid registered mail delivery, the notification
should be deemed to be delivered at the fifth Business Day after mail submission; 

(4)  In case of email delivery, the notification should be deemed
to be delivered when the email is sent to the email server of the receiver; 

(5)  In case of special express delivery, the notification should
be deemed to be delivered at the third Business Day after express delivery submission. 

9.3   In case the address or contact information of any party is changed,
the changing party should inform the other party in a written form within fifteen Business Days since the date of change. However,
the documents sent by the other party according to the previous contact information before receiving the change notice should be
deemed as valid documents     

Article 10 Contract Termination  

10.1   In case of any one of the following conditions, the Contract may be
terminated:    

(1)   In case Party A s interests are significantly influenced due to Party B s default behaviors
and accordingly the contract conclusion basis for contract performance becomes unnecessary or impossible, Party A has the right
to terminate the Contract through a written notice.   

(2)   Due to condition change, the Contract is agreed to be terminated through the negotiation between both
parties.   

(3)   Other contract termination conditions regulated in laws or specified in the Contract.   

10.2   In case the Contract is terminated or the Loan expiry date is antedated
due to the reasons not attributed to Party A, Party B should pay the Loan principal and interests accrued to Party A in a lump
sum within three Business Days since the date of contract termination, and furthermore, Party B should pay ten million Yuan as
the default penalty to Party A, except that Party B prepays the Loan according to Article 13 of the Contract.     

10.3   In case the Contract is terminated through a written notice, the date
indicated in the written notice should be deemed as the date of formal contract termination. In case the Contract is terminated
through negotiation, the date when both parties reach an agreement for contract termination should be deemed as the date of formal
contract termination.    

10.4   The contract termination should not influence the right for one party
to claim for damage compensation from the other party.    

General Terms and Conditions  

  Article 11 Loan Issuance  

11.1  Party A can issue the initial loan only when all following conditions are met, and one or more prerequisite
conditions may be abandoned or exempted by Party A in a written form ( Prerequisite Conditions for Initial Loan Issuance ):   

(1)   Where Party B should obtain the authorization, approval or consent from
relevant government organization and any third party for the contract signing or for the performance of the business indicated
in the Contract, Party B has obtained such authorization, approval or consent which continuously has full validity.    

(2)   Both parties should have completed all internal approval procedures
(for the Contract, Cooperation Documents, and so on) regarding the cooperation, and obtained all necessary authorizations (including
but not limited to the resolutions of the board and the share meeting and other documents).    

(3)   There is no any administrative act, administrative decision, third party
agreement, lawsuit or any other administrative or judicial process or threat which can prohibit or restrict the Contract or cause
substantial damage compensation to the Contract or substantially increase Party A s cost for contract performance; the contract
signing and performance of Party B will not violate any legal requirement or any regulation of the binding document.    

(4)   The Contract and each Cooperation Document have been signed and submitted
to Party A and have come into effect, and the pledged gold regarding the Cooperation Document has been completely detected, accepted
by Party A and stored in the bank custody issued in the name of Party A; meanwhile, the lien should have legally come into effect
and the corresponding documentary evidence should have been obtained and submitted to Party A.     

(5)   The third party property insurance for the pledged gold should have
come into effect and confirmed by Party A.    

(6)   The causes which may influence Party A s loan issuance under the
contract or Party A s contract performance should not exist, such as alternation or issuance of laws, change of national
micro-control policy, new supervision requirement proposed by relevant administration department or Party A s funding failure.    

(7)   Party B, the Guarantor and any party of relevant contract signed with Party A according to the
Contract should not have no any default behavior or involve in any event probably threatening Party A s rights security under
the Contract, the Guarantee Contract and relevant contracts.   

(8)   The business condition and the financial condition of Party B and the
Guarantor should not have significant adverse change.    

(9)  Party A s Trust Plan for the Loan should have been established.   

(10)   The Loan issued by Party A under the Contract should not be prohibited
or restricted by laws   regulations, rules or the supervision department.    

(11)   Other conditions required by Party A.    

11.2  Party A can issue subsequent loans only when all following conditions are met, and one or more prerequisite
conditions may be abandoned or exempted by Party A in a written form ( Prerequisite Conditions for Subsequent Loan Issuance ):   

(1)   The prerequisite conditions mentioned in Article 11.1 should be continuously met and effective.   

(2)    Party
                                         A should have funded for the corresponding trust fund of the Loan concerned.   

(3)   The causes which may influence Party A s loan issuance under the contract or Party A s
contract performance should not exist, such as alternation or issuance of laws, change of national micro-control policy, new supervision
requirement proposed by relevant administration department or Party A s funding failure.   

(4)   The signing parties of the Cooperation Document should not have no any default behavior or involve
in any event probably threatening Party A s rights security under the Cooperation Document.   

(5)   The business condition and the financial condition of Party B and the Guarantor should not have significant
adverse change.   

(6)   Other conditions required by Party A.   

11.3  In case any condition mentioned in Article 11.1 is not met, Party A has the right to refuse to issue
the initial loan according to the Contract, without bearing any responsibility; in case any condition mentioned in Article 11.2
is not met, Party A has the right to refuse to issue the subsequent loans according to the Contract, without bearing any responsibility;
moreover, Party A has the right but no obligation to abandon or exempt any one or more conditions mentioned in Articles 11.1  
11.2, and also has the right to request to supplement other Prerequisite Conditions for Loan Issuance. Party B should ensure that
the Prerequisite Conditions for Loan Issuance can be continuously met within the Loan Term.   

11.4  In case the Prerequisite Conditions for Loan Issuance cannot be met due to Party B, Party B should
be regarded as the defaulting party to compensate all losses caused thereby to Party A, and Party A has the right to unilaterally
terminate the Contract, without bearing any responsibility.   

11.5  Party B should issue the Borrowing Confirmation with the reserved legal seal (see Annex 1) to Party
A within three Business Days since the reception of the Loan concerned under the Contract.   

11.6  Before certain loan issuance, in case Party A fails to issue certain loan under the Contract or perform
the Contract as intended due to alternation or issuance of laws, change of national micro-control policy, new supervision requirement
proposed by relevant supervision department of Party A, or unestablished Trust Plan, or Trust Plan funding failure, and so on,
Party A has the right to stop issuing part or all of the Loan and/or to unilaterally terminate the Contract, without bearing any
default responsibility, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.   

Article 12 Transfer of Rights and Obligations  

12.1  Party A may transfer all or part of the rights or obligations thereof under the Contract, without
being agreed by Party B, and may inform Party B in an appropriate way after transfer.   

12.2  Without the written consent from Party A, Party B should not transfer any right or obligation under
the Contract.   

Article 13 Prepayment  

13.1  After each loan is borrowed for twelve months, Party B may apply for prepayment and Party A may
also request Party B for prepayment. In case of proposing the prepayment requirement, the party concerned should send the written
notice to the other party within two months. After receiving the prepayment notice from Party B, Party A should inform Party B
in a written form for confirmation.   

13.2  The accelerated expiry date of certain loan should be confirmed according to Article 3.2 of the
Contract. Afterwards, Party B should perform the prepayment obligation as agreed in the Contract. For the prepayment, the corresponding
loan interest should be paid according to Articles 4.1   6.1 of the Contract.   

Article 14 Party A s Rights and
Obligations  

(1)   Party A has the right to request Party B to repay the Loan principal
and interest and the expenses incurred at a full amount as scheduled, and perform various rights and obligations specified in the
Contract.    

(2)   Party A has the right to collect the Loan principal and interest,
the overdue interest, the default penalty interest, the compound interest, the default penalty and other payable expenses as scheduled
or in advance according to laws or the Contract.    

(3)   Party A has the right to understand, investigate and inspect the
production   operation and financial activities of Party B, check and copy relevant data.    

(4)   Party A may inspect and supervise the intended use of the Loan issued
thereby to Party B, and Party B should cooperate with Party A for loan payment management, after-loan management and relevant inspection.
Party A s inspection and supervision measures should include but not be limited to: (i) requesting Party B to provide the
effective evidence for loan use; (ii) carrying out account analysis, voucher inspection or field investigation for the Loan use
and (iii) other legal ways. (In case the  Fund Supervision Agreement  is concluded and signed between both parties, Party
A may not only perform the supervision rights thereof according to the specific regulation of the  Fund Supervision Agreement ,
but also inspect and supervise the use of the Loan issued thereby to Party B through a reasonable way considered thereby.)    

(5)   There is no need for Party A to issue the interest invoice for the
Loan under the Contract, and if it is required by Party B, Party A may issue the corresponding interest receipt.    

(6)   Other rights specified in laws and agreed in the Contract.    

(7)   Party A should issue the Loan to Party B as agreed in the Contract.    

(8)   Other obligations specified in laws and agreed in the Contract.    

Article 15 Party B s Rights and
Obligations  

(1)   Party B has the right to request Party A to issue the Loan as agreed
in the Contract.    

(2)   Party B has the right to use all loans as agreed in the Contract.    

(3)   Other rights specified in laws and agreed in the Contract.    

(4)   Party B should truthfully provide all documents required by Party
A within three Business Days since the reception of the notice from Party A, and cooperate with Party A for investigation, examination
and inspection.    

(5)   Party B should accept the supervision from Party A for loan use,
relevant fund use, production   operation and financial activities.    

(6)   Party B should use the Loan as agreed in the Contract.    

(7)   Party B should repay the Loan principal and interest at a full amount
as agreed in the Contract.    

(8)   Party B should provide Party A with the copy of the financial statement
(including the annexed tables) at the latest within thirty days after the end of each natural quarter.    

(9)   Party B should provide the copy of the financial statement (including
the annexed tables) for last year at the latest before April 30 of each year, and should ensure that the financial statement provided
thereby is prepared according to laws   regulations and Accounting Standards.    

(10)   The financial statement or the copies of other documents provided
by Party B should be stamped with the corresponding official seal.    

(11)   Party B should not neglect management or press for the payment of
due credit, or dispose the properties owned thereby freely or improperly or at a price obviously lower than the market price.    

(12)   Party B should not involve in dissolution, liquidation or any other
behavior influencing the realization of creditor s rights of Party A.    

(13)   In case of any one of the following conditions, Party B should immediately
inform Party A in a written form and cooperate with Party A to implement the guarantee measures for the scheduled full-amount payment
of the interests of the Loan under the Contract and other expenses incurred according to Party A s requirements. Meanwhile,
Party A has the right to directly stop loan issuance and unilaterally terminate the Contract as well as announce the accelerated
expiry of the Loan, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.    

A  Party B involves in any default behavior.   

B  Party B suffers from significant financial loss, asset loss or other financial crises.   

C  Party B involves in such alteration matters as consolidation (or merger), separation, reorganization,
joint venture (or cooperation), capital reduction, transfer of major property rights and shareholding reform.   

D  Party B suffers from business cessation, business license revoking or cancellation or dissolution,
or applies or is requested for bankruptcy, and so on   

E  The business or financial conditions of the controlling shareholders and other affiliated companies
of Party B are caught in significant crisis, thus influencing the normal operation of Party B.   

F  Party B has major connected transaction with the controlling shareholders and other affiliated
companies thereof, thus influencing the normal operation thereof.   

G  Any significant lawsuit, arbitration, administrative procedure, executive procedure of judicial
or administrative organization or other similar legal procedures, with the amount involved equal to or above [ten million] Yuan,
is proposed to Party B or is proposed by Party B to others.   

H  Party B changes the business scope, the legal representative, and so on; any important asset of
Party B has involved in any compulsory execution, sealed up, detained, retained, supervised or disposed similarly.   

I  Party B s debt under any other loan financing agreement or similar agreement is due but unpaid,
or such debt is announced and required to be repaid before the specified expiry date.   

J  Party B involves in other Major Events probably influencing the debt paying ability thereof.   

(14)   In case the Warrantor of the Loan involves in any one of the following conditions and Party A believes
that such condition may influence the Warrantor s guarantee capability, Party B should strengthen or replace the guarantee
measures as required by Party A. meanwhile, Party A has the right to directly stop loan issuance and unilaterally terminate the
Contract as well as announce the accelerated expiry of the Loan, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.   

A  The Warrantor suffers from significant financial loss, asset loss or other financial crises, or
involves in significant dispute, lawsuit, administrative penalty, criminal investigation, and so on.   

B  The Warrantor involves in such alteration matters as consolidation (or merger), separation, reorganization,
joint venture (or cooperation), capital reduction, transfer of major property rights and shareholding reform.   

C  The Warrantor suffers from business cessation, business license revoking or cancellation or dissolution,
or applies or is requested for bankruptcy, and so on.   

D  The business or financial conditions of the controlling shareholders and other affiliated companies
of the Warrantor are caught in significant crisis, thus influencing the normal operation of Party B.   

E  The Warrantor has major connected transaction with the controlling shareholders and other affiliated
companies thereof, thus influencing the normal operation thereof.   

F  The Warrantor involves in any lawsuit, arbitration or criminal, or administrative penalty bringing
significant adverse consequences to the business or financial conditions thereof.   

G  The Warrantor changes the business scope, the legal representative, and so on.   

H  The Warrantor has concealed the actual capability for bearing the guarantee responsibility when
signing the Guaranty Contract or issuing the guarantee letter, or the internal approval for loan guarantee is not obtained, or
the authorization (if needed) is not obtained from relevant organization.   

I  Party B neglects management or presses for the payment of due credit, or disposes the properties
owned thereby freely or improperly or at a price obviously lower than the market price.   

J  Any important asset of the Warrantor has involved in any compulsory execution, or has been sealed
up, detained, retained, supervised or disposed similarly.   

K    The
                                         Warrantor involves in other Major Events probably influencing the debt paying ability
                                         thereof.   

(15)   In case the Pledgor or the pledged property involves in any one of the following conditions and
Party A believes that the pledge may not be available or the pledged property may be devaluated, Party B should strengthen or replace
the guarantee measures as required by Party A. Meanwhile, Party A has the right to directly stop loan issuance and unilaterally
terminate the Contract as well as announce the accelerated expiry of the Loan, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.   

A  The Pledgor does not have the ownership or the disposition right of the pledged property, or the
ownership is disputed, or the internal approval for the pledge guarantee of the Loan is not obtained, or the authorization (if
needed) is not obtained from relevant organization, or the pledged property involves in dispute, lawsuit, administrative penalty,
criminal investigation, and so on.   

B  The Pledgor conceals the facts that the pledged property has been co-owned, rented, sealed off
or supervised, or has legal priority superior to the mortgage, and so on.   

C  The Pledgor optionally transfers, rents, re-pledges or disposes the pledged property through other
improper methods.   

D  The pledged property is obviously devaluated due to the Pledgor s behavior; or the pledged
property is directly endangered due to the Pledgor s behavior and is accordingly devaluated; or the Pledgor fails to insure
the pledged property as required by Party A; the pledged property is obviously devaluated due to any other cause.   

(16)   In case the mortgager or the mortgaged property involves in any one of the following conditions
and Party A believes that the mortgage may not be available or the mortgaged property may be devaluated, Party B should strengthen
or replace the guarantee measures as required by Party A. Meanwhile, Party A has the right to directly stop loan issuance and unilaterally
terminate the Contract as well as announce the accelerated expiry of the Loan, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.   

A  The mortgager does not have the ownership or the disposition right of the mortgaged property, or
the ownership is disputed, or the internal approval for the mortgage guarantee of the Loan is not obtained, or the authorization
(if needed) is not obtained from relevant organization, or the mortgaged property involves in dispute, lawsuit, administrative
penalty, criminal investigation, and so on   

B  The mortgager conceals the facts that the mortgaged property has been co-owned, rented, sealed
off or supervised, or has legal priority superior to the mortgage, and so on   

C  The mortgager optionally transfers, rents, mortgages or disposes the mortgaged property through
other improper methods.   

D  The mortgaged property is obviously devaluated due to the mortgager s behavior; or the mortgaged
property is directly endangered due to the mortgager s behavior and is accordingly devaluated; or the mortgager fails to
insure the mortgaged property as required by Party A; the mortgaged property is obviously devaluated due to any other cause.   

(17)   Other obligations specified in laws and agreed in the Contract or the Cooperation Document.   

Article 16 Representations and
Warranties  

16.1  Party A should represent and warrant as follows to Party B upon the contract signing and performance:   

(1)   Party A, as an existing business entity legally established, has
the corresponding civil right capability and civil act capability for signing the Contract.    

(2)   Party A has completed the external approval and the internal authorization
procedures needed for signing the Contract, and the Contract is signed by the signatory authorized by Party A, and the Contract
is legally binding upon Party A since the execution thereof.    

(3)   Where Party A should obtain the authorization, approval or consent from relevant government organization
for the contract signing or for the performance of the business indicated in the Contract, Party A promises to have obtained such
authorization, approval or consent which has full validity.   

(4)   Party A guarantees to carefully read the Contract before signing
the Contract and accurately understand the legal implications of the rights and obligations among the contracting parties and the
responsibility articles, and have no objection upon all articles of the Contract.     

(5)   Party A has the right to issue the Trust Loan to Party B in its own
name, and the trust fund for Trust Loan issuance is legally sourced.    

16.2  Party B should represent and warrant as follows to Party A upon the contract signing and performance:   

(6)   Party B, as an existing business entity legally established, has
the corresponding civil right capability and civil act capability for signing the Contract.    

(7)   Party B has completed the external approval and the internal authorization
procedures, including but not limited to the resolutions of the board and the share meeting, and so on, needed for signing the
Contract; the Contract is signed by the signatory authorized by Party B, and the Contract is legally binding upon Party B since
the execution thereof.    

(7)   Where Party B should obtain the authorization, approval or consent
from relevant government organization for the contract signing or for the performance of the business indicated in the Contract,
Party B promises to have obtained such authorization, approval or consent which has full validity.    

(8)   Party B guarantees that the contract signing or the performance of
the business indicated in the Contract shall not violate current valid laws and other relevant regulations or conflict with other
binding legal documents signed thereby or other transactions concluded thereby.     

(9)   Party B guarantees to carefully read the Contract before signing
the Contract and accurately understand the legal implications of the rights and obligations among the contracting parties and the
responsibility articles, and have no objection upon all articles of the Contract.    

(10)   Party B guarantees to strictly abide by various national laws during
the business activities and strictly develop various businesses within the validated business scope.    

(11)   In case Party B fails to perform the repayment obligation as agreed
in the Contract, when Party A applies to the jurisdictional court for the order of payment, Party B waives the right for objection.    

(12)   Party B guarantees to maintain or improve the present business management
level for preserving or increasing the value of existing assets, and promise not to waive any debt or dispose existing properties
freely or improperly or at the price obviously lower than the market price.    

(13)   Party B promises not to have any Major Event, which may influence
the obligation performance thereof under the Contract, at contract signing.    

(14)   Party B guarantees that the financial statement provided thereby
to Party A is prepared according to existing laws and accepted Accounting Standards, and can truthfully accurately reflect the
financial condition of Party B in the accounting period concerned; other information provided thereby to Party A for the Loan under
the Contract is truthful, accurate, legal and valid, and the copies or the scanning copies submitted thereby are consistent with
the original copies.    

(15)    Unless
                                         otherwise specified in laws, the indemnification sequence of the Loan should be in preference
                                         to any current or future debt of Party B.    

(16)   In case the event, which is sufficient to influence the contractual
capacity of Party B under the Contract, occurs or will occur, Party B promises to immediately provide other measures for guaranteeing
or improving the contractual capacity thereof as required by Party A before continuous contract execution.    

(17)   Party B promises not to involve in any intentional, potential or
existing, pending or possible civil or criminal lawsuit, arbitration, dispute, administrative procedure or other legal procedures

(18)   Party B guarantees that all documents regarding the Contract or the
Loan, including but not limited to all documents listed in the  Definition and Interpretation Rule  of the Contract,
are not violated, and Party A s rights under these documents are not damaged.     

(19)   Party B agrees Party A to check the credit status thereof from the
People's Bank of China, or the credit database approved to be established by the competent department for loan credit investigation,
or relevant units and departments, and also agrees Party A to provide the information thereof to the People's Bank of China and
the credit database approved to be established by the competent department for loan credit investigation. Moreover, Party B agrees
that Party A may reasonably utilize and disclose the information thereof according to business needs but should abide by the confidentiality
responsibility as agreed in the Contract.    

(20)   In case Party B involves in the arrears of loan principal and interest
or other default events, Party A has the right to notify to relevant department or unit and announce relevant collection through
news media.    

16.3  Various statements and guarantees mentioned in the Contract should be deemed to be remade on the basis
of the duly existing facts and situations at any time within the period from the date of contract signing to the date of contract
termination or to the completion date of contract performance.   

Article 17 Taxation Expense  

17.1  Both parties should, according to the laws in China, pay the corresponding taxation expenses.   

17.2  Unless otherwise specified by both parties, the following expenses should be separately borne by both
parties:   

(1)   Relevant expenses incurred from the Loan should include but not be
limited to the stamp tax, the communication expense, the mail charge, the enquiry fee, and so on for the Loan.    

(2)   The assessment fee, the audit fee, the counsel fee, the registration
fee, the notarial fee, and so on incurred for contract negotiation, drafting and signing.    

17.3  The following expenses should be borne by Party A:   

The appraisal cost and
the storage cost (namely, the rent expense for safe deposit boxes in a bank) of the pledge. 

17.4  The following expenses should be borne by Party B:   

(1)  All expenses accrued for Party A to realize the creditor s rights (including but not limited
to legal fare, arbitration fee, property preservation expense, travel expense, execution fee, assessment expense, auction fee,
notarial fee, delivery expense, announcement fee, counsel fee, and so on);   

(2)   The property insurance expense of the pledge;    

(3)   Other expenses not agreed thereby.    

Article 18 Confidentiality  

18.1  Both parties hereto should bear the confidentiality obligation for the documentation regarding the
Contract and obtained during contract signing and performance and the business secret of the other party (hereinafter generally
called  Confidential Information ). Except for any one of the following conditions, any party concerned should not
disclose the above Confidential Information to the third party:   

(1)   For such legal dispute procedures as litigation and arbitration;   

(2)   For contract performance;   

(3)   For the supervision duty performance of the supervision organization;   

(4)   Disclosure permission from the party with Confidential Information disclosure right;   

(5)   Legal requirements.   

18.2  Both parties hereto unanimously agree to further make all reasonable efforts and take prevention measures
to prevent any associated company, employee or any other person or intermediary organ or enterprise employed thereby from obtaining
and/or utilizing or/and disclosing any Confidential Information without the corresponding authorization.   

18.3  Both parties hereto unanimously agree that no matter whether the Contract is changed, cancelled or
terminated, this article is always binding upon both parties, unless the obligee of the Confidential Information agrees the other
party to be released from the confidentiality obligation; or, such Confidential Information is entered into the public place and
known by the public due to other causes except the contract violation of one party; or, the confidentiality obligation and responsibility
may be exempted according to laws.   

Article 19 Force Majeure  

19.1  Force majeure refers to the events which all contracting parties hereto cannot reasonably control,
or predict, or avoid after prediction, and which can obstruct, influence or delay any party to perform part or all of the obligations
as required by the Contract. Such events should include but not be limited to earthquake, typhoon, flood, fire disaster, other
natural disasters, war, disturbance, strike or other similar events, issuance of new laws or alteration of original laws or other
political factors.   

19.2  In case of force majeure, the party suffering from the force majeure should immediately inform the
other party as soon as possible, and provide relevant documentary evidence within fifty Business Days to explain the detailed event
  cause for partial contract performance or failed contract performance or delayed contract performance; subsequently, the
parties concerned should negotiate with each other to delay the contract performance or terminate the Contract.   

19.3  In case of force majeure, the party suffering from the force majeure should immediately take appropriate
measures to avoid loss expansion; in case of not taking appropriate measures and accordingly causing loss expansion, the party
concerned should not request to be exempted from part or all of responsibilities within the expanded loss scope.   

Article 20 Default Responsibility  

20.1   In case Party A or Party B violates the obligation agreed in the Contract, the party concerned
should bear the corresponding default responsibility.   

20.2   In case Party A or Party B fails to truthfully make the statement or guarantee under the Contract
or abide by the statement or guarantee, such behavior should be deemed as contract violation and the party concerned should bear
the corresponding default responsibility.   

20.3   In case the default penalty agreed in the Contract is not enough to compensate for the actual loss
caused by the defaulting party to the other party, the defaulting party should compensate the other party for all losses caused
by the default behavior thereof and for the profits able to be obtained after contract performance, but such profits should not
be more than the losses which are caused by contract violation and can or should be predicted at contract conclusion.   

20.4   In case Party B fails to repay the Loan as scheduled, Party A has the right to collect the interests
according to the Overdue Default Interest Rate agreed in Article 5.3 of the Contract, and perform other rights agreed in the Contract.   

20.5   In case Party B fails to utilize the Loan as agreed in the Contract, Party A has the right to collect
the interest according to the Embezzlement Default Interest Rate agreed in Article 4.4 of the Contract, and perform other rights
agreed in the Contract.   

20.6   In case of having any one of the following behaviors, Party B should be deemed to violate the Contract,
and Party A has the right to directly stop loan issuance and unilaterally terminate the Contract as well as announce the accelerated
expiry of the Loan, and Party B should not have any objection thereupon.   

(1)   Party B loses the contractual capacity, including but not limited to unscheduled insufficient loan
principal or interest repayment to other financial institutions;   

(2)   Party B fails to pay the Loan principal and interest or other expenses at a full amount as scheduled;   

(3)   Party B fails to utilize the Loan as agreed in the Contract;   

(4)   The funds are not collected as agreed;   

(5)   Party B externally has important investment, and so on, thus significantly influencing or threatening
the realization of the creditor s rights of Party A;   

(6)   Party B involves in major economic dispute or suffers from financial situation deterioration, and
so on, thus significantly influencing or threatening the realization of the creditor s rights of Party A;   

(7)   Party B fails to perform any one of the agreements or obligations under the Contract;   

(8)   Party B involves in any untruthful, inaccurate or incomplete statement or guarantee under the Contract,
intentional concealment, intentional misconception for others or unimplemented statement or guarantee;   

(9)   Party B violates the obligations against Party A under any one of the Cooperation Documents including
but not limited to the  Mortgage Contract , the  Guaranty Contract , the  Gold Pledge Contract , and so on;   

(10)   Party B fails to ensure the continuous satisfaction of the Prerequisite Conditions for Loan Issuance
within the Loan Term;   

(11)   Party B fails to strength or replace the guarantee measures as required by Party A;   

(12)   Other cases that Party A deems to influence the realization of the creditor s rights thereof.   

20.7   In case one party violates the Contract and accordingly causes the other party to realize the creditor s
rights thereof through litigation, the defaulting party should bear the reasonable expense paid by the other party for the litigation,
including but not limited to legal fare, preservation fee, execution fee, execution fee, assessment expense, auction fee, delivery
expense, announcement fee, counsel fee, travel expense, copying charge, information cost, and so on.   

Article 21 Application of Law and Dispute
Solution  

21.1  Establishment, validation, interpretation, performance, alteration, termination, and so on of the
Contract are applicable to existing laws in China.   

21.2  In case of any dispute under the Contract, the contracting parties hereto should negotiate such dispute
through friendly negotiation; in case of failed negotiation, such dispute should be submitted to the jurisdictional people s
court at the place where Party A is located.   

21.3  During negotiation or litigation, or when Party B is applied for execution, both parties thereto should
still perform the undisputed articles of the Contract.   

Article 22 Establishment, Validation
and Termination of the Contract  

22.1  The Contract should be established and should come into effect since being officially stamped by Party
A and Party B.   

22.2  After loan principal, interest, penalty interest, default penalty and other expenses accrued are all
paid off, the Contract should be automatically terminated.   

Article 23 Independence of Articles  

The articles
of the Contract have independent effects, and in case any article of the Contract becomes invalid due to any change of national
laws, government instruction or legal practice, the legality and the validity of other articles of the Contract should not be influenced,
except that the invalid article severely damages the fundamental intention and implication of other parts of the Contract. 

Article 24 Reservation of Right  

24.1  Even though one party fails to perform the rights or take any action against the default behavior
of the other party, this party should not be deemed to waive the rights or the responsibility or obligation for investigating the
default behavior. Even though one party waives any right directing to the other party or for investigating any responsibility of
the other party, this party should not be deemed to waive other rights directing to the other party or the right for investigating
the other negligence of the other party. All waivers should be made in a written form.   

24.2  In case any article of the Contract is determined to be invalid or cannot be implemented according
to existing laws, other articles of the Contract should be continuously valid. In this case, the contracting parties hereto should
replace the article concerned with valid article, and the valid article should be maximally approximate to the original article
and the corresponding intention and spirit of the Contract.   

Article 25 Acceleration of Period and
Alteration of Account  

25.1  In case the payment date of the contracting party is a non-Business Day, the party concerned should
pay on the most recent Business Day before above payment, but the days calculated for relevant funds should not be changed.   

25.2  In case of changing the bank account under the Contract, the party concerned should send a written
notice to the other party three days in advance; in case the above notice is not timely sent for account change, the losses incurred
should be borne by the account changing party.   

Article 26 Completeness of the Contract  

26.1  In case of any unmentioned matters or contract alteration, both parties hereto may additionally conclude
and sign a supplementary agreement through negotiation. Unless otherwise specified by both parties, the supplementary agreement,
as a part of the Contract, should have equal legal effect.   

26.2  Unless otherwise specified by both parties, any annex (including other legal documents based on the
annex) should be regarded as a part of the Contract and have equal legal effect.   

26.3  Unless otherwise specified by both parties, any written letter (including but not limited to notice,
announcement, specification, and so on; hereinafter inclusive) should be regarded as a part of the Contract and have equal legal
effect.   

Article 27 Other Articles  

27.1  Reserved official seal. Unless otherwise agreed in the Contract or regulated in laws, all written
correspondences under the Contract should be stamped with the reserved official seal (see Annex 2).   

27.2  Binding effect. The Contract should be binding upon and applicable to both parties and the legal inheritors
or assignees thereof.   

27.3  Specially, in order to successfully handle the corresponding pledge/mortgage procedures of the Contract,
in case Party A and Party B or the Guarantor should additionally conclude and sign the  Trust Loan Contract  (hereinafter
referred to as  Registration Contract ) as required by relevant pledge/mortgage department, the rights and obligations
of Party B or the Guarantor as the Borrower under the  Registration Contract  refer to the rights and obligations of Party
B under the Contract, and the rights and obligations of Party A as the Lender under the  Registration Contract  refer to the
rights and obligations of Party A under the Contract. The rights and obligations relation among Party A, Party B and the Guarantor
should be consistent with the Contract and the Cooperation Documents agreed in the Contract, Party B or the Guarantor should not
request Party A to perform relevant obligations on the excuse of any regulation under the  Registration Contract .   

27.4  Contract text. The Contract is made into [five] copies with equal legal effect, and both parties hereto
respectively hold [two] copies, and the rest [one] copy is used for handling relevant procedures.   

27.5  Remark (other articles agreed thereby):  Party B should have read all articles of the Contract.
As required by Party B, Party A has interpreted the corresponding articles of the Contract. Moreover, Party B should have known
and comprehensively understood the implication of the articles of the Contract and the corresponding legal consequences.    

(The
remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.)  

(This page is the
signature page of the  Trust Loan Contract for the Assembled Funds Trust Plan between JIC Trust Co., Ltd and Yongquan Series
(Kingold Jewelry)  (Contract No.: [ JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji 006-01 ]).  

Party A: JIC Trust Co., Ltd (Official
Seal)  

Legal Representative or Authorized Agent
(Signature): 

Date of Signing: 8/29/2016 

Party B: Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Inc. (Official
Seal):  

Legal Representative or Authorized Agent
(Signature): 

Date of Signing: 8/29/2016 

 Location of Signing: Xihu District, Hangzhou
City, Zhejiang Province 

Annex 1: Loan Confirmation 

Loan Confirmation  

 JIC Trust Co., Ltd: 

According to the Trust
Loan Contract for the Assembled Funds Trust Plan between JIC Trust Co., Ltd and Yongquan Series (Kingold Jewelry) (hereinafter
referred to as the Trust Loan Contract) (Contract No.: JIC Trust (2016) Hang Tou Ji 006-01) concluded and signed between both parties,
your company has transferred the Loan fund under the Trust Loan Contract, namely RMB   ,   ,   ,   . Yuan (Amount in Words: RMB ONLY) to
the Borrowing Account designated by our party on Date. 

Hereby confirmed! 

 The Borrower: Wuhan Kingold
Jewelry Inc. (Stamp) 

 Date 

Annex 2: Sample of Reserved Legal
Seal 

Reserved Legal Seal of Party A   

Reserved Legal Seal of Party B  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 v452608_ex10-12.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.12

Exhibit 10.12  

Trust
    Loan Contract   

Contract
No.:  SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167-2 

Trust Loan Contract  

Sichuan Trust Co., Ltd.  

____Month of 2016  

Trust Loan Contract       

Contents  

Trust Loan Contract       

This Trust Loan Contract numbered SCXT2016(DXD)Zi.
No.167-2 is signed by the following two parties in Chengdu in on 9/7/2016: 

Lender:  Sichuan Trust Co., Ltd. 

  Legal Representative:  Mou Yue 

  Address:
 No.18, Second section of South Renmin Avenue, Jinjiang District, Chengdu 

  Agent:  Pan Zhu 

  Tel: 0571-85238957 

  Fax : 0571-85238957 

  Postcode:  610016 

Borrower:  Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Co., Ltd. 

  Legal Representative:  Zhihong Jia 

  Address:
 Special No. 15 of Huangpu Science and Technology Park, Jiang an District, Wuhan City 

  Contact
Address : Special No. 15 of Zhongshan Western Huangpu Science and Technology Park, Jiang an District 

Agent:  

  Fax:  027-65694977 

  Tel:  027-65694977 

  Postcode:  430023 

The parties involved above is separately
referred to as  one party  and collectively known as  both parties .  

WHEREAS: 

(1)  The Lender, as the trustee of  Chuanxin-Kingold No.1 Single Trust  (hereinafter referred
to as this  Trust  or the  Trust ), in accordance with the agreement in  Chuanxin-KingoldNo.1 Single
Trust Contract,  numbered    SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167-1   ,
planned to make loans which are delivered by the Consignor for the Borrower as the RMB Trust Loan, which shall be used by the Borrower
to purchase raw materials.   

(2)  The Borrower is a company limited by shares with valid existence established in accordance with
the laws of the People's Republic of China. Due to the need of manufacture and operation, the Borrower applies to the Lender for
loans no more than RMB 1 billion (Capital: One Billion Yuan Only);   

(3)  According to the stipulation of Trust Contract, the Lender
agrees to offer Trust Loan for the Borrower; 

(4)  At the time of signing the Contract, the Borrower has been
aware of and recognized that the Loan funds under this Contract are from the trust funds which the Lender is trusted to manage.
Except for opposite provisions, the Loan under this Contract referred to  Trust Loan . 

Hereby, according to the current law of
the People's Republic of China and on the basis of fairness principle, the Borrower and the Lender reach an agreement and conclude
this Contract to comply with. 

1  Definition and Explanation 

In the Contract, except that
there are other explanations or implications in the context, the following words and phrases bear the following meanings: 

1.1    The Borrower/ Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company:  refers
to Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. and its legal successor. 

1.2    The Lender/ Sichuan Trust:  refers to Sichuan Trust
Co., Ltd. and its legal successor. 

1   

           Trust Loan Contract       

1.3    Both parties:  refers to the Borrower and the Lender. 

1.4    Consignor:  Zhangjiakou Bank Corporation 

1.5    This Contract:  refers to the Loan contract signed
between the Borrower and the Lender as well as its enclosures and any valid amendment or supplementary agreement of it. 

1.6    Contract of Guaranty :   refers to the Contract
of guaranty signed between the Borrower and the Guarantor numbered SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167-2 and the attachment as well as any
valid amendment or supplementary agreement of it. 

1.7    Pledge Contract of Gold : refers to the pledge contract
of gold signed between the Borrower and the Guarantor numbered SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167-4 as well as its enclosures (include but
not limited to the pledged property listing) together with any valid amendment or supplementary agreement of it. 

1.8    Insurance Contract:  refers to the insurance contract
and the insurance policy (property insurance) together with any of its valid amendment or supplementary agreement, signed between
the Borrower and the PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as PICC P C) on pledge gold, with
the Lender as the only beneficiary. The term of the insurance contract (including renewed term) shall cover the whole pledge term. 

1.9    Security Documents:  the Contract of Guaranty and
the Pledge Contract of Gold under this Contract are jointly called Security Documents. 

1.10    Pledgor : the Pledgor and Borrower under this Contract
is the same person, namely Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. and its legal successor. 

1.11    Guarantor:  refers to Mr. Zhihong Jia, the actual
controlling person of the Borrower. 

1.12    Guarantor : the pledger and the warrantor under this
Contract are collectively called as the Guarantor. 

1.14    Pledge Gold : refers to the standard gold which the
Borrower owns legally and can be pledged legally, is obtained from the warehouse of Shanghai Gold Exchange according to relevant
regulations and procedures, and is promised to pledge to the Lender in accord with this Contract and the pledge contract of gold. 

1.15    Gold Price : Refers to the closing price of this
Contract at 15:30 of the Shanghai Gold Exchange Standard Gold, or closing price of this Contract at 2:30 in the morning of Shanghai
Gold Exchange Standard Gold if there are night market according to Shanghai Gold Exchange Au(T+D) contract, unless there is special
agreement in this Contract. 

1.16    Base Price of Gold Pledge/ Pledge Price : The pledge
price of pledge gold takes the lower price between Shanghai Gold Exchange AU(T+D) contract 30-day average of the previous session
and the closing price at 15:30 of the previous session. 

1.17    Pledge Date : refers to the day when each installment
of pledge gold is stocked in the pledged property safe box rented by the Borrower. 

1.18    Trust Loan : refers to the Loan that the Lender offers
to the Borrower according to this Contract and trust funds under the Trust Plan it is trusted to manage. Except for additional
reference, the  Loan  in this Contract has the same meaning as Trust Loan. 

2   

           Trust Loan Contract       

1.19    Loan Period:  refers to the Loan period stipulated
in the article 2.1 in this Contract. 

1.20    Repayment : refers to the repayment of any principal
amount and interest of the Trust Loan stipulated in this Contract. 

1.21    Value Date for Interest : refers to the day when
the Lender offers each installment funds to the Borrower s special loan account. In regard to the specific date, the date
on the withdrawal application for the Loan shall prevail (format of withdrawal application for a loan see appendix 1). Conditions
such as article 6.2.5 in this Contract happens, the interest calculation date of each installment of Trust Loan corresponds to
the effective date of the trust beneficial right of each installment of Trust Loan (specific date subject to the Lender s
date of announcement). 

Expiry Date for Interest: 
refers to the accounting date of the interest of each installment of Trust Loan , namely,(i) during the existence period of Trust
Plan, every three month calculated from corresponding interest calculation date of each installment of Trust Loan ; (ii) the expiry
date of each installment of Trust Loan or all Trust Loan (including advances to the expiry date). 

1.22    Interest Payment Date : refers to (i) article 1.20
in this Contract (i) any day within the first five Business Days of each expiry date for interest under each fund; (ii) article
1.20 in this Contract (ii) the expiry date for interest under funds. Any interest payment date which is not a Business Day, shall
be extended to the next succeeding Business Day. 

1.23    Trust Plan/ This Trust Plan : refers to    Chuanxin-Kingold
No.1 Single Trust , subject to the name regulators approve. 

1.24    Precedent Conditions for Lending:  refers to the
premise condition for Lender to offer loans to the RMB loan account of the Borrower according to article 3 in this Contract. 

1.25    Payables : refers to all expenses that the Borrower
shall pay to the Lender including but not limited to all principal amount of the Trust Loan under this Contract (no more than
RMB 1 billion), interest, liquidated damages produced when the Borrower violates this Contract, overdue interest, penalty interest,
damage awards, compound interest, related expenses paid in advance by the Lender, and so on. as well as all reasonable fees for
the Lender to realize the creditor s rights. Thereinto, all reasonable fees for the Lender to realize the creditor s
rights include but not limited to the following fees: legal fare, arbitration fee, property preservation fee, execution fee, valuation
fee, auction fee, fees related to exercising security right, transaction handling fee, agent fee, registration fee, appraisal
fee, safekeeping fee, insurance premium, notice fee, enquiry fee, attorney fees, notary fees, delivery fee, travel expense, communication
fee, and all kinds of taxes and other related expense as well as the responsibility of invalid contract that the Borrower shall
bear as the Contract stipulates. 

1.26    All Payment Liabilities : refers to the liability
that the Borrower shall pay all the Payables to the Lender according this Contract. 

3   

           Trust Loan Contract       

1.27    Default Events : refers to any default event stipulated
in article 14.1 in this Contract. 

1.28    The Expiration or the Mature : refers to any of the
following situations: (1) the expiration of payment date for principle amount and interest of any installment of Trust Loan stipulated
in this Contract; (2) partial or overall advance of expiration of any installment of Trust Loan announced by the Lender. 

1.29    Occupying Days/ Existing Days : days accumulated
from the issuance date of any installment of Trust Loan to the payment date of all principal amounts and interest of any installment
of Trust Loan. 

1.30   In this Contract when it mentions  Business Day/ Working
Day : it shall be explained as any day on which the Lender is open to conduct business except for legal holidays.  Year:
 refers to every calendar year.  Month:  refers to every calendar month.  Quarter : refers to every nature quarter. 

1.31    Security Fund : According to the  Regulations 
and relevant regulations of supervision department, the Borrower shall subscribe Chinese Trust Industry Security Fund according
to one percent of the principal amount of the Trust Loan as the obligated subscriber. 

1.32    Security Fund Company : refers to the Chinese Security
Industry Trust Fund Co., Ltd established according to the  Regulations  as well as other companies which inherent its legal
obligations. 

1.33    The  Regulations :  refers to Trust Industry
Security Fund Management Regulation as well as relevant regulations revised, supplemented and replaced by supervision department. 

1.34    Supervision Department : refers to China Banking
Regulatory Commission as well as other government departments which bear the same obligations of supervision. 

1.35    Yuan:  refers to the legal currency unit of People's
Republic of China, RMB, Yuan. 

1.36    Laws : the laws under this Contract refer to laws,
administrative regulations, department rules as well as local laws and regulations and policies with legal binding. Except for
additional stipulations in laws and regulations or requirements in context, whenever this Contract mentions any article of  Laws ,
it shall be explained as the effective law text timely revised or newest publicized. 

1.37    Title:  the titles of any article and enclosure under
this Contract are made for convenience and only for reference, which shall never be considered as the explanation of that article
or enclosure. 

2  Trust loans 

2.1    Amount and term of Trust Loan  

2.1.1   The Trust Loan under this Contract are RMB loans. The principal
amount of loans is no more than RMB 1 billion (capital: one billion Yuan only). The Trust Loan can be issued in installments.
The specific issuance of each installment shall be determined on the basis of the Borrower s capital needs and the condition
of capital use. The specific amount of each installment is subject to the actual amount issued (specifically subject to the withdrawal
application for the Loan). 

2.1.2   The total term of the Loan under this Contract is 24 months,
calculating from the first day when the first installment of Trust Loan fund is issued to the Borrower s special loan account
(specifically subject to the withdrawal application for the Loan). It is expected to be from September 7, 2016 to September 7,
2018 (specifically subject to the withdrawal application for the Loan). If the condition agreed in article 6.2.5 occurs, the term
of Trust Loan shall be calculated from the setup of the Trust Plan. 

4   

           Trust Loan Contract       

2.1.3   Except for additional agreement, when the starting day
of the term of Trust Loan does not comply with the actual issuance day under this Contract, the actual issuance day shall prevail.
Besides, the expiry date of the Loan agreed in article 2.1.2 in this Contract shall also be adjusted accordingly. 

(1)  The Lender is entitled to issue loans by installments.
The limit of each installment is 24 months or no more than 24 months, and the expiry date of last installment should be before
the expiry date for the total term. 

Despite the agreements above,
if anything in article 6.2.5 in this Contract occurs, the term of each installment of Trust Loan shall be calculated from the effective
date of each trust beneficial right conforming to each installment of the Trust Loan fund. (specifically subject to the announcement
date of the Lender). 

2.1.4   If any agreed condition in this Contract occurs, the Lender
is entitled to announce the acceleration of maturity for partial or whole Loan. 

2.2    The Extension of Term  

2.2.1   The term of the Trust Loan under this Contract shall not
be extended. 

2.3    Repayment in Advance  

When the term of each installment
reaches 12 months within the Loan Term, the Borrower can pay back the total sum of this installment with written application a
month in advance and written approval of the Lender. When the Borrower repays the total principal and the interest of the Loan
as is stipulated in article 2.3.1 in this Contract, the Loan ends in advance. 

2.3.1   Once the application for repayment in advance is submitted,
it is irrevocable. When such application is approved by the Lender in written form, the Borrower shall pay back the amount in
a lump sum to the account designated by the Lender on the advanced payment date approved by the Lender. After the Lender receives
the payments, the corresponding loan ends in advance. The Trust Loan interest shall be calculated according to the actual using
days, and interest shall be paid with principal. 

3  Precedent condition of issuance 

3.1   Unless all the precedent conditions stipulated in this
Contract are all met or given up by the Lender in written form, the Lender has no obligation to issue any loan under this Contract
to the Borrower. 

3.2   After the Lender meets all of the following precedent conditions,
Trust Loan shall be issued to the Borrower according to the ways stipulated in this Contract. The loan amount shall not exceed
   the gold amount confirmed by both the Consignor and PICC
Property   Casualty    the Base Price of Gold Pledge   ; 

3.2.1   This Trust Plan is set up, and the Consignor has issued
fund for Trust Loan to the special account for trust fund. 

5   

           Trust Loan Contract       

3.2.2    The
legal documents including t his Contract, Gold Pledge Contract, the Contract of Guaranty, Safe Deposit Box Rental Agreement,
Insurance Agreement, Funds Trusteeship Agreement, Financial Advisory Agreement, Gold Purchase Contract, and Authorization Letter
from the Borrower to the Lender has been duly signed and are effective. Among them, this Contract, Gold Pledge Contract and the
Contract of Guaranty have been enforced compulsory executive notarization. 

3.2.3   The competent authority of the Borrower has provided resolution
about approval of borrowing money and providing gold as pledge. 

3.2.4   Before the issue of the Trust Loan, the Borrower has provided
all the pledged gold as the pledge guarantee which is calculated by the Loan-to-value ratio to the Lender and has met the following
demands: (i) to have deposited the pledge gold into the safe of Wuhan branch of the Industrial Bank or other safes rent by the
Lender in other banks (hereinafter referred to as Pledge Safe) (the password of the Pledge Safe and one key is kept by the Lender,
and the other key is kept by PICC P C), and before depositing the pledge gold into the Pledge Safe, the related insurance
is bought for the pledge gold according to the Contract; (ii) the related procedures have been gone through in the Jiang an
branch of Wuhan Finance Bureau and the Lender has gotten the   corresponding Certificate of Registration of Chattel Mortgage. 

3.2.5   The consignor has provided written confirmation on the
completion of checking and stocking pledge gold; the procedure of insuring the pledge gold has been finished and the Consignor
has provided a document confirming it has obtained the insurance policy; the Consignor has provided written confirmation on the
completion of registration of gold pledge in Unified Registration System for Real Estate Financing in Credit Center of People s
Bank of China; the Consignor has provided a document on agreeing the issuance of the fund. 

3.2.6   The subscription money for the trust industry Security
Fund is paid off. 

3.2.7   Legal
opinion on this Trust Plan is acquired.  

3.2.8  Other conditions required by the Lender. 

4  Issuance of the Loan 

4.1  According to articles in this Contract, the Lender shall
grant the Loan to the special loan account of the Borrower who has been confirmed to comply with issuance conditions. 

4.2  The Borrower confirms that, the Lender is entitled to issue
the Trust Loan in installments according to the capital arrangements, pledge situation, risk control standard, the Borrower s
capital needs as well as fund usage situation, to decide the amount of each installment and the issuance date of the Trust Loan
unilaterally, and to reduce the Trust Loan or even refuse to grant part or all of the Trust Loan based on the operating situation
and payment situation of the Security Fund by the Borrower. The Lender is not deemed to violate the Contract in the above situations
and the Borrower cannot require the Lender to bear any responsibility. 

6   

           Trust Loan Contract       

4.3  Regardless of the above loan issuance prerequisites, the
Lender is entitled to issue the Loan in advance when not all the prerequisites have been fully met; if the Lender issues the Loan
ahead of time, it neither means that the Lender gives up any rights under the Contract nor the Lender approving that the Borrower
and the Guarantor does not fully or partially carries out the obligations under the Contract or the security document. The Lender
is entitled to raise a plea, pursue legal actions and take a legal action against the Borrower and the Guarantor at any time if
it do not carry out or fully carry out the obligations under the Contract as well as in the Security Documents. 

5  The Purpose of Trust Loan 

5.1  The Borrower shall use the Trust Loan under this Contract
to supplement circulating funds and purchase raw materials of AU9999 Standard Gold. 

5.2  The Trust Loan amount under the Contract cannot be embezzled
by the Borrower. The Borrower promises that the Trust Loan will be used according to the Contract, will not involve the overseas
investment, stock investment, the real estate investment as well as steel trade and cannot be sued in any project that the laws,
legislations, the government prohibits or the government has not approved, or in the projects or usage that prohibit the investment
of the trust loan. 

5.3  The Lender is entitled to ask the Borrower to provide the
documents and information relating to the fund capital according to the laws and the stipulation issued by regulatory authorities,
which include but not limited to contracts/agreements, invoices/receipts, fund issuance certificates, gold purchase certificates
of Shanghai Gold Exchange and warehouse vouchers of gold. The Borrower shall grantee that the provided materials are real, correct,
complete and effective so that the Lender can supervise and verify the usage condition of the Trust Loan under the Contract. 

6.1    Trust Loan Interest Rate  

The Trust Loan interest rate under this Contract is annual interest rate 8.46%. 

The Trust Loan interest rate under
this Contract is fixed, and within the Term of the Contract, Trust Loan interest rate shall not be adjusted. 

6.2    Interest Calculation  

6.2.1  The Trust Loan interest under this Contract is calculated
by day, and daily interest rate=annual interest/360. 

6.2.2  The interest of each installment under this Contract is
calculated from their respective interest calculation date. 

7   

           Trust Loan Contract       

6.2.3  The interest of each installment under this Contract is
calculated separately. The interest corresponding to each installment is calculated from its respective interest calculation date.
And the interest is calculated and collected according to the actual Using Days of the Trust Loan fund. 

6.2.4  The calculating formula of daily interest is: daily interest=
balance of principal of this day's Trust Loan*daily interest rate. 

6.2.5  If any sum of Trust Loan is failed to be paid to the Borrower
on effective day of trust beneficiary right corresponding to each installment of the Trust Loan not due to the Lender (including
but no limited to that the Borrower fails to realize the loan issuance prerequisites agreed in Article 3.2 of this Contract),
the Borrower agrees to calculate corresponding anticipated interest losses during the term when the trust fund is not paid as
scheduled according to the loan interest rate agreed in this Contract and compensate the Lender. Base on this, both parties agree
that in above-mentioned case, both parties acknowledge the interest calculation date of each installment of Trust Loan is the
effective day of corresponding trust beneficiary right (subject to the day announced by the Lender). 

Unless otherwise
agreed under the Contract, during the term of the Trust Loan, the Borrower should pay the payable interest of each installment
of the Trust Loan under this Contract according to the following arrangement and should pay unpaid Trust Loan principal and remaining
interest to the Lender on the due date of each installment or on the due date of all Trust Loan (including advanced due date).
The details are as follows: 

6.3.1  Within five days after each installment of Trust Loan is
issued and within five days after the Loan is issued for one year, each interest amount that the Borrower should pay to the Lender=the
principal of this term of loan*1.21% 

6.3.2  Within five days before the first interest settlement date
after each installment of Trust Loan is issued, the interest amount that the Borrower should pay to the Lender=the principal amount
of the Trust Loan*7.25%*duration days from interest calculating date (including) to the interest settlement date (excluding) of
the Trust Loan/360. 

6.3.3  Despite the interest date stipulated in above articles
in the Trust Loan duration, in the interest date of each installment of Trust Loan, the interest amount that the Borrower should
pay to the Lender==the principal amount of this installment of the Trust Loan*7.25%*duration days from interest calculating date
(including) to the interest settlement date (excluding) of the Trust Loan/360. 

6.3.4  If the Lender pays back part of the Trust Loan in advance
in accordance with article 2.3 in this Contract, the advanced repayment amount =the principal amount to be repaid in advance in
this installment of the Trust Loan*(1+7.25%* duration days from interest calculating date (including) to the advanced repayment
date (excluding) of the Trust Loan/360.)   the interest that the Borrower paid on the principle amount to be repaid in advance
in this installment of this Trust loan. 

6.3.5  On the due date of each installment of Trust Loan (including
advanced due date), the Borrower should pay remaining interest and outstanding principals of this installment of Trust Loan to
the Lender, and the payment amount = principal amount of each installment of Trust Loan *(1+7.25%*duration days of each installment
of Trust Loan /360)- interest of this term of Trust Loan already paid by the Borrower- principal of this term of Trust Loan paid
by the Borrower in advance. 

6.3.6  On the due date of all Trust Loan (including advanced due
date), the Borrower should pay remaining interest and outstanding principals of all Trust Loan to the Lender, payment amount = 
principal amount of each installment of Trust Loan *(1+7.25%*duration days of each installment of Trust Loan /360)- interest already
paid by the Borrower- principal paid by the Borrower in advance. 

6.3.7  In any circumstances (including but not limited to that
the Borrower paid the interest in advance but the Loan ends in advance), the Lender will not return the interest paid by the Borrower. 

8   

           Trust Loan Contract       

If the Borrower doesn't pay the
principal and interest of the Loan according to the Contract, then during the Loan's overdue period, besides continuing calculating
and collecting loan interest according to the Article 6.3, the Lender has the right to collect overdue loan interest during overdue
period. The overdue loan interest is calculated and collected everyday automatically according to one in a thousand of the remaining
of the Loan principal from its overdue date 

7  Repayment 

7.1  The Lender should repay principal and/or interest of each
installment of the Trust Loan to the account designated by the Lender according to the Contract. Unless otherwise agreed under
the Contract, the date when the Trust Loan principal or interest arrive at the designated account is the actual repayment date. 

7.2  The Trust Loan principal and interest repaid by the Borrower
should be remitted to the following account designated by the Lender: 

Account name: Sichuan Trust Co.,
Ltd. 

 Deposit bank: Nanjing Bank Hangzhou
Branch 

 Account number: 07010124770000592 

 If the Lender adjusts the above
repayment account, the repayment account should be subject to  Payment Notice  sent by the Lender then. 

7.3  The money repaying the Trust Loan comes from the sales
income of the Borrower, cash flow produced through processing Standard Gold of which purity is 99.99% into cash or other capital
which can be used to repay the Loan. 

In accordance
with the stipulations in  Managing Methods in Trust Security Fund  (China banking no. [2014]50, hereinafter referred to as
  method  ) and  Notice on the Detailed Items of Trust Insurance Funding and Management and and so on.  (China
banking no.     [2015 ] 32,
hereinafter referred to as   Notice  ),  after amicable negotiation,
an agreement is reached by both parties that the Borrower should fund and delegate the Lender to subscribe the Chinese Trust Industry
Security Fund (hereinafter referred to as  Security Fund ), and the subscription amount will be 1% of the total amount
of each trust installment successfully raised under the Trust Plan.  

The
subscription will be conducted in following ways:  

(1)   When the Lender pays each installment, 1% of the payment
will be paid to the special account for Security Fund (hereinafter referred to as  Security Fund Account ) as subscription
for the Borrower, and this subscription will be counted as part of the principal loan.    

(2)   After the Lender receives the subscription fund paid by the
Borrower, it delegates the subscription fund to the Chinese Trust Industry Security Fund Ltd. Co. ( Security Fund Company ).    

(3)   After the Borrower funds and delegates the
Lender to subscribe for the Security Fund Account, the corresponding rights and risks to the subscribed Security Fund will be enjoyed
and undertaken by the Borrower; only after the Lender is paid the principal and return corresponding to the subscribed Security
Fund by the Security Fund Company, the Lender will pay the Borrower with the limit that he Security Fund Company actually pays,
and the Lender will not advance payment.    

  The
revenue distribution and calculation of Security Fund is subject to the provisions and stipulations of method, notice, relevant
laws and regulatory department.  

(4)    The
items that are not involved in the agreement on Security Fund subscription are subject to the provisions and stipulations of method,
notice, relevant laws and regulatory department. If this Contract is not consistent with the above provisions and stipulations
since there are newly issued or changed provisions and stipulations, the matters concerned the Security Fund subscription will
be conducted in accordance with the adjusted laws or provisions.  

9   

           Trust Loan Contract       

8  Loan Guarantee 

8.1   The Borrower s payment obligations for all principal
and interests of the Trust Loan as well as other payables (including but not limited to payment obligations for overdue interests,
default interests, liquidated damages, damage awards, all expenses incurred for the Lender s credit realization, and all
other payables by the Borrower), shall be guaranteed by the Borrower with its legally owned standard gold which could be pledged,
with the Guarantor offering personal joint liability guaranty. In case the Borrower fails to fulfill or incompletely fulfill principal
and interest payment obligations for any installment of Trust Loan hereunder or part or all of payment obligations for other payables,
or in case of other default circumstances under this Contract or Gold Pledge Contract, the Lender shall be entitled to implement
the right of pledge for all gold pledged it will possess then, and request the Guarantor to bear joint liability guaranty. 

8.2    Gold Pledge Guarantee  

8.2.1  When signing this Contract, the Borrower shall properly
sign Gold Pledge Contract with the Lender and provide pledged gold in the amount calculated according to pledge rate of this installment
as pledge guarantee before the Lender issues any installment, and store such pledged gold into pledge safe box; the specific amount
of pledged gold in all batches shall be subject to Pledge   List attached to  Gold Pledge Contract  (the quality and
quantity of pledged gold are subject to the common verification of the Consignor and PICC Property   Casualty). All pledge
contracts and pledge lists serve as an integral part of this Contract with the same legal force. The Lender shall release corresponding
Trust Loan upon registration of pledge for gold in each installment in accordance with  Withdrawal Application ; any batch
of pledged gold shall guarantee all payment obligations hereunder. 

8.2.2  The amount of each installment means that the loan amount
is decided on the value of pledge shall be determined by the lower price between the 30-day average of Shanghai Gold Exchange
AU(T+D) and the Gold Price at 15:30 of the Pledge Gold on previous transaction day of Pledge Day, and is subject to the pledge
rate under 75%. 

For
the convenience to calculate the amount of pledge gold, the pledge rate of each installment is calculated separately. The pledge
rate is=the principal balance of this installment of the Trust Loan/ (the quantity of corresponding batch of pledged gold * the
lower price between the 30-day average of Shanghai Gold Exchange AU(T+D) and the Gold Price at 15:30 of the Pledge Gold on previous
transaction day of Pledge Day). 

8.2.3  The Borrower shall properly sign  Insurance Contract
 with PICC regarding pledged gold upon signature of this Contract, and purchase property insurance from PICC with the Borrower
as sole beneficiary for quality, purity, weight and risks on damages, loss, robbery of pledged gold in related batch (including
those added) during the pledge period prior to delivery of any batch of pledged gold to pledge safe box (i.e. prior to the Lender s
release of any loan by this Contract), or prior to provision of adding pledged gold to the Lender by this Contract; the amount
of insurance claims = the lower price between the 30-day average of Shanghai Gold Exchange AU(T+D) and the Gold Price at 15:30
of the Pledge Gold on previous transaction day of Pledge Day * 85% of weight of this pledged gold. The insurance period of any
batch of pledged gold is one year (inclusive) from its pledge day, and the Borrower needs to renew the insurance 1 month before
expiry of its insurance period, which shall be no less than 1 year, and the relevant original copy of insurance policy is to be
kept by the Consignor, or the Borrower is considered as in default, then the Lender is entitled to require the Borrower to pay
off the principal and interest of the trust and other payables in advance and take corresponding responsibilities. 

10   

           Trust Loan Contract       

The basis of calculation of
separate precautions line, the open line and each precaution line of every installment of this Trust stand the same, namely, the
precaution line is 1.2 times of the pledge price; and the circulation basis of each open line, namely, the open line is 1.173 times
of the pledge price. And in this Trust, the Lender is responsible to mark the market on every trading day, and the price is adopted
as following: closing price of this Contract at 2:30 on this trading day morning of Shanghai Gold Exchange Standard Gold if there
is night market, or the closing price of this Contract at 15:30 in the previous trading day afternoon of the Shanghai Gold Exchange
Standard Gold if there is no night market. 

The Borrower has the obligation
to cover the Lender on the decrease of pledge gold price by providing corresponding cash (hereinafter referred to as  Additional
Margin ). If the gold price falls down below (include) the precaution line, then the Lender should inform the Borrower immediately
by call, fax, or message to cover with Additional Margin. The Borrower should deposit the Additional Margin to the special trust
account before 10:30 of this trading day, until the total amount of pledge value and the additional cash deposit is 1.2 times of
the pledge price. If it continues to be below the precaution line, the Lender will not notify. The Borrower should be reached by
phone. If the Lender is unable to timely contact with the Borrower because the Borrower s phone is out of service, or nobody
answers, the relevant consequence will be taken by the Borrower. 

If the gold price falls down
under (include) the open line of any loan, the Borrower should deposit Additional Margin to the special trust account before 10:30
in the morning of this trading day until the total amount of pledge value mentioned above and the additional cash deposit is 1.173
times the pledge price, or the Lender will inform the Consigner and begin the process of pledge disposal in accordance with the
Consigner s order. 

 The Borrower confirms that any
batch of the pledge gold under this Contract is the guarantee for the entire obligation to pay. 

8.3.3   If the Borrower refuses or fails to deposit the payable
Additional Margin timely as the Contract requires, the Lender has the right to claim that all the Trust Loan under this Contract
is due in advance, and all the interest of the Loan should be repaid in advance, and requires the Borrower to immediately perform
all the payment obligations under this Contract, meanwhile the Lender is entitled to exercise mortgage to all the pledge gold
and use funds gained from realizing pledge to pay off all unpaid payables of the Borrower under the Contract for priority. If
the fund is not sufficient to pay off the items above, then the Borrower directly pays Lender the rest. 

If any circumstances
mentioned above happens, namely pledge preservation delay, not timely or not sufficient Additional Margin occurs to the pledge
gold of any loan, the Lender is entitled to claim that the entire loan under this Contract is due in advance and exercise mortgage
to all the pledge gold, and has the priority to use funds gained from realizing pledge for compensation. 

8.3.4   The Additional Margin paid by the Borrower shall be paid
into following bank account of the Lender: 

Account Name: Sichuan Trust Co.,
Ltd. 

 Opening Bank: Bank of Nangjing,
Hangzhou Branch 

 Account No.: 07010124770000592 

If the above-mentioned bank account
needs to be changed, the Lender shall notify the Borrower in written 5 Business Days in advance. 

8.3.5   If the Borrower completes all the gold pledge, insurance
obligations and corresponding complements and call margin obligations according to this Contract, after the principal and interest
of any installment of the Trust Loan has been fully paid and the Borrower has performed all the payment obligations corresponded
to that installment of the Trust Loan, the Lender is entitled to decide to release the pledge of corresponding gold provided by
the Borrower in advance, however, the pledge rate of this loan shall be below 75% (included) after discharging that part of gold. 

11   

           Trust Loan Contract       

Mr. Zhihong Jia, the actual
control of the Borrower, provides irrevocable joint liability guarantee for all payment obligations under this Contract. 

9.1   The Lender and the Borrower shall pay relevant taxes and
fees in accordance with the provisions of the law in China. 

9.2   Trust loans cost involved under this Contract including
but not limited to notary fees, legal fees, audit fees, rent, insurance fee, registration fee, enquiry fee and service fee shall
be bear and paid by the Borrower. 

9.3   The Borrower shall pay all the money in full under this
Contract that should be paid. The payment should not be attached to any claim or limit and shall not have any nature of tax deduction
or withholding under this Contract. 

9.4   When the Borrower pays a certain sum of accounts payable
to the Lender according to the provisions of this Contract (including but not limited to breach of contract, damage awards, penalty
interest, interest, principal), if the day of accounts payable is not a Business Day of the Lender, it will postpone to the next
Business Day. When the Trust loan principal and interest is extended, the interest is calculated during extended period in accordance
with this Contract. 

9.5   When the Borrower pays a certain sum of accounts payable
to the Lender according to the provisions of this Contract (including but not limited to breach of contract, damage awards, penalty
interest, interest, principal), the Borrower should pay to the account designated by the Lender on the day of the payables and
send a copy of the payment confirmation or the copies of the seal of the entity on the same day. 

9.6   When the Borrower s repayment money is not enough
to pay off all the payables under this Contract (including but not limited to the Trust Loan principal, interest, default interest,
liquidated damages, damages, the cost of the creditor's rights, and so on.), the Lender has the right to use the money to pay
off other payables (including the cost of the creditor's rights, penalty interest, damages, liquidated damages, and so on.), interest
and principal and and so on. in order. 

10  Capital Supervision 

10.1   In order to ensure the Trust Loan under this Contract is
used in accordance with the Contract, the Borrower shall open a fund supervision account by the Lender in the designated bank
according to the requirements. 

12   

           Trust Loan Contract       

Account name: Wuhan
Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

 Bank: Business Office, Bank
of Zhangjiakou 

 Account No. : 374014169100015 

The Borrower opened the fund
supervision account in  Zhangjiakou Bank Co., LTD based on the Lender s requirement,
 to specially receive trust fund under this Contract.  Zhangjiakou Bank Co., LTD 
is in charge of supervising the account which is solely used by the Borrower to buy the gold raw material. When the trust fund
is allocated from the fund supervision account, the Borrower should provide the fund supervision bank with the relevant voucher
of gold purchase in Shanghai Gold Exchange in 5 Business Days, and the fund supervision bank will check the authenticity; if the
Borrower fails to provide the relevant voucher of gold purchase or the voucher is considered to be fake by the fund supervision
bank, or the usage of the fund is not complied with this Contract, the Borrower is breaking the Contract (default of loan funds
usage), and the Lender is entitled to require the Borrower to pay back the entire trust principal and interest with the designation
or the approval of the Consignor and require the Borrower to undertake the default responsibility in this Contract. 

11  Representations and Warranties 

11.1   The Borrower makes the following representations and warranties
to the Lender on the date of signing this Contract, and confirms that the Lender concludes the Contract relying on these representations
and warranties, and these representations and warranties continue to be effective during the effective period of this Contract
and the subordinate contracts. 

11.1.1   The Borrower is an established and validly existing enterprise
as a legal person according to the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China, has the right to address all of its
property completely and engage business in its business license. As of each installment issuance date of this Contract, the Borrower
is in normal operation condition. There is no existing or reasonably expected possibilities that may lead to the Borrower cannot
continue to operate normally in the Trust Loan term. 

11.1.2   The Borrower has the right to sign and perform this Contract
and the relevant financing documents. It has taken all the necessary measures and other action, making it has all the necessary
rights and authorization to sign and perform this Contract, which complies with the company s articles of association. 

11.1.3   The Borrow is voluntary in signing and performing this
Contract, which is its true intention, and passes all the necessary legal authorization. The authorization and authorization to
sign and perform is not contrary to the Borrower s articles of association or any laws and regulations or the Contracts
binding the Borrower. The formalities that are needed to sign and perform this Contract by the Borrower are completed legally
and fully effective. 

11.1.4   Except that has been disclosed to the Lender and is recorded
in the disclosure document that are received by the Lender in writing, the Borrower doeseses not hide any following events that
has occurred or is about to occur and may make the Lender doesn t agree to grant Trust Loan under this Contract: 

13   

           Trust Loan Contract       

(1)      There is no event of default
has occurred by the Borrower and no event of default reasonably expected to happen due to any withdrawal under this Contract. There
are no events or circumstances that may constitution default under other ongoing or binding agreement or other documents, or may
cause serious adverse effects; 

(2)     The Borrower violates
the obligations under the credit and debt agreement signed by it and other creditors; 

(3)     Any pending litigation,
arbitration, administrative procedures, judicial execution of the program /or the administrative authority of similar nature/or
other legal process; 

(4)     The Borrower and its
shareholders, actual controlling person do not have the illegal/unlawful behaviors, and there are no other events that can be reasonably
expected that because of the Borrower and its shareholders, actual controllers, their actions fault, it will be in the process
of litigation, arbitration and administrative, judicial and/or administrative agencies of the enforcement procedure and/or other
legal proceedings with similar properties; 

(5)     The Borrower bears debt,
contingent liabilities, or to a third person to provide mortgage, pledge, and other guarantee; 

(6)     Other financial condition
affecting the Borrower and its debt repayment. 

11.1.5   All documents, data, reports and documents to the Lender
for the Trust Loan under this Contract provided by the Borrower are accurate, true, complete and effective. There are no misleading
and no important facts missed. 

11.1.6   The obligation of the Borrower under this Contract is the
legal and valid and it is legally binding. The Borrower doeses not involve any liquidation, dissolution, merger, division or similar
legal process. The Borrower doeses not involve in civil, criminal, administrative litigation or arbitration proceeding that has
significant adverse effect on the Borrower's ability to perform this Contract. 

11.1.7   Whether the Borrower has signed or will sign guarantee
agreement or similar agreement with the Guarantor for its warranty obligations under this Contract, the agreement will not damage
any of the Lender s rights and interests under this Contract in the law or in fact. 

11.1.8   Any important asset of the Borrower is not involved in
any enforcement, property preservation, sealing up, distaining, lien, regulation, or deposit deduction by financial institutions. 

11.1.9   The Borrower promises that its creditor's rights of the
Guarantor are inferior to creditor's rights of the Guarantor by the Lender in Trust Loan existing period. 

14   

           Trust Loan Contract       

11.1.10   The Borrower agrees that the Lender can inquire the Borrower's
credit situation from the credit data center set up by the People's Bank of China s or relevant agency and departments,
and agrees that the Lender can provide the Borrower s information to the credit data center set up by the People's Bank
of China. The Borrower agrees that the Lender can reasonably use and disclose the Borrower s information for its business
needs. 

The Borrower guarantees to repay
the Trust Loan principal and interest fully in accordance with the Contract on time. The Lender shall have the right to notify
the relevant department or unit, has the right to make announcement collection through the news media for Borrower s default
in loan principal and interest of the trust or other default situation. 

11.1.11   The Borrower promise that it is aware and fully understands
the M anagement Method  and regulatory rules, and will pay full Security Fund amount on schedule. 

11.1.12   The Borrower assures: (1) the propriety and the right to
disposal pledge gold, and that the consideration of pledge gold is paid. The pledge gold can be freely circulated and is not the
kind of the objects which are forbidden or restricted to circulate by the laws, regulations, and the national policy. There is
no controversy on the ownership of the pledge gold, or any encumbrances, defect or restriction of right; (2) before the gold is
pledged to the Lender, the gold has never been transferred, gifted or pledged in other situation, neither did the Borrower sign
similar contracts; after the gold is pledged to the Lender, the gold should not be transferred, gifted or pledged in other places,
and Borrower should not sign similar contracts. Any behavior that may damage the pledge rights and the right and interest of Lender
is prohibited. 

11.2   The Borrower hereby further represents and warrants, from
the day of signing this Contract to the day of all payments are paid off under this Contract, that it will observe each representations
and warranties stipulated in article 11.1 above correctly and fully in accordance with the situation at that time, unless the
Lender gives up in writing. 

11.3   The Borrower should undertake to renew the insurance for
the pledge gold if the insurance is due during the period of settling the pledge gold. The renewed insurance duration will allow
the party to settle all the pledge gold. 

In addition to the other terms
and conditions of this Contract, during the period of the Trust Loan, the following items are further agreed between the Borrower
and the Lender: 

12.1   The Lender can check and understand the usage of the Loan
at any time in a variety of reasonable ways; the Borrower have to actively cooperate with the Lender to make the Lender understand
the usage of the Loan and their operating conditions and to provide the relevant materials according to the reasonable requirements
of the Lender. 

15   

           Trust Loan Contract       

12.2   During the period of the Trust Loan, without the prior
written consent of the Lender, the Borrower could not incur any additional guaranty to other people unless the Lender agrees.
When the Borrower finances externally, provides any form of guarantee, disposes the major material assets, and changes the practical
control right and so on, it should get the written consent of the Lender in advance. 

12.3   Before the Borrower repays all the Trust Loan principal
and interest under this Contract, if it takes actions like contracting, leasing, reforming the shareholding system, joint, combination,
merger, division, joint venture, material assets transferring, control rights transferring, application for closure, application
for dissolution, application for bankruptcy, and other actions which enable to cause the changes of creditors  rights and
debt relations or affect the implementation of the creditors  rights of the Lender, it should give written notice to the
Lender in advance, obtain the consent of the Lender, at the same time, and carry out the liquidation liabilities or clear debts
in advance, otherwise it cannot take the above listed actions. 

12.4   The Borrower ensures that the financial statements submitted
to the Lender are prepared in accordance with Chinese accounting standards. 

12.5   The Borrower promises that it will not dissolute, liquidate,
or conduct other actions which will influence the Lender s rights and interests before it makes the preserved measures on
the Loan creditor's rights agreed by the prior written consent of the Lender. 

12.6   The repayment order of the debt under this Contract is
superior to the debts of the Borrower to its shareholders, and at the same time, the Borrower promises that it will not violate
the normal repayment order to pay off other loans preferentially. It will not sign any contract or agreement which will make the
Trust Loan under this Contract lie in a subordinate or inferior position at present and in the future. 

12.7  If the following situations occur, the Borrower should
notify the Lender within 5 Business Days: 

12.7.1  The events, such as major legal litigation, arbitration
or administrative disposal programs or deduction of the deposits by the financial institutions which influence the Lender s
interests, happen; 

12.7.2  If any default event under this Contract happens, the Borrower
should explain the nature and duration, and explain what action has been taken or what measures it will take; 

12.7.3  When the Borrower is aware of itself or any of its important
assets having been involved in any legal proceedings or arbitration proceedings, enforcement or seizure or detainment or other
similar measures, the Borrower should inform the Lender in written notice according to the provisions of this article, and it
should also list the constituted influences or the possible influences in detail and the remedial measures which it has taken
or plans to take; 

12.7.4  If the Borrower has economic disputes with a third person
due to its economic activities or accidental events and they affect the Borrower to carry out its business activities normally,
such as production halts, closure, the cancellation of registration, revoking the business license, engagement in the illegal
activities of the legal representatives or the principal persons, involving major litigation activities, appearance of the serious
difficulties in the production and business operation, deterioration of the financial conditions, and so on; 

12.7.5  Any event that may happen or has happened, which has an
effect on the Borrower  normal repayment; 

12.7.6  The Borrower needs to change the legal representatives,
the authorized representatives, correspondence address, name of the unit, or the major changes in the financial and personnel
aspects, and the changes in the articles of association of the Borrower; 

12.7.7  The Guarantor under this Contract has the situations of
production halts, closure, the cancellation of registration, revoking of the business license, bankruptcy and operating loss,
by which it loses the corresponding guaranteed capabilities related to this loan partly or completely, the Borrower should timely
provide other guaranteed measures approved by the Lender. 

16   

           Trust Loan Contract       

12.8  Without the written consent of the opposite side, both
sides should not disclose the opposite side s business secrets to third parties, including operating information, management
information, technical information, customers  information and other business information which can bring economic benefits
and are not known by the public), except that Lender can provide materials or disclose information according to t the laws, regulations,
stipulations or the request of competent authority, to the agent institutions like law firms, or to the Cosigner (beneficiary). 

12.9  The Borrower state here in particular, once the Borrower
breaches the Contract or the Borrower doeses not repay the Trust Loan principal and interest under the Contract, and the Borrower
has no enough property to repay the debt, with regard to any creditor s right, receivables, and other property rights possessed
by the Borrower in allusion to the third party, the Lender has the preferred subrogation to reimburse rights. 

13.1  Any one of the following events shall form the Borrower s
default under this Contract: 

13.1.1  The Borrower has the big earnings volatility and significant
legal litigation which affect the abilities of the Borrower to perform the obligations under this Contract; 

13.1.2  The Borrower violates the provisions of this Contract,
without the written consent of the Lender, arbitrarily uses or transfers loan funds in the special account; 

13.1.3  The Borrower fails to repay the Trust Loan principal and
interest, overdue interest, default interest, liquidated damages and any other payables in accordance with the provisions of this
Contract, the cognizance of such default is applicable to any loan. That is to say, the delay or underpay of any loan s
principal and interest, overdue interest, penalty interest, liquidated damages and any other payables under this Contract shall
constitute a fundamental default of this Contract, and the Lender has the right to take measures according to the article 14; 

13.1.4  Any important asset of the Borrower has been involved in
any enforcement, sealing up, distrain, lien, regulated measures or similar measures; 

13.1.5  The Borrower doeses not totally disclose all the debts
connected with the company to the Lender. If the Borrower is applied for compulsory enforcement by other creditors to the people s
court due to the Borrower or other persons  debts, the Borrower shall bear the liability for default of the Contract, and
pay liquidated damages to the Lender according to five percent of the total Trust Loan  principal. 

13.1.6  Any representation or warranty made by the Borrower under
this Contract is incorrect, untrue, misleading, violated, or the representation or warranty has been proved to be incorrect, untrue,
misleading, and violated when it is made or considered to be made, and has caused that the Trust Loan principal and interest is
reasonably expected that it cannot be fully repaid. 

13.1.7  Because of the changes in the laws or the executive orders
of any government, the business situations of the Borrower or any of its important assets has changed significantly or possible
events or situations happen which may lead to the big changes, and the changes, events, or situations have been reasonably considered
by the Lender to have constituted or possibly constitute the significant adverse impacts on the Borrower  repaid capabilities
under the Contract; 

13.1.8  The Borrower does not materially comply with or perform
any one of its commitments and obligations under this Contract; 

13.1.9  Without the written consent of the Lender, the Borrower
sets the guaranteed interests on the fixed assets formed by main assets or the Trust Loan under this Contract happened or some
events happen which have produced significant adverse impacts on its capabilities of obligation performance under this Contract; 

17   

           Trust Loan Contract       

13.1.10  The Borrower is ordered to terminate the business due to
going out of business, dissolution, cancellation, closure of the business, bankruptcy or other reasons; 

13.1.11  The Borrower s legal representatives or the principal
persons escape, disappear, suspect of a crime, or be taken compulsory measures; 

13.1.12  The Borrower or the Guarantor involves in or is about to
involve in major litigation, arbitration, or other legal disputes; 

13.1.13  The Borrower fails to perform the obligations under the
borrowing or financing agreements signed with other financial institutions or the obligations or other significant violations
happen; 

13.1.14  Without the Lender s consent, the Borrower change
the purpose of the Loan arbitrarily, or use the Loan to proceed illegal and improper trading; 

13.1.15  The Borrower uses the false contract with the related party
to discount or pledge to the banks, and withdraw the bank capital illegally or extend the credit based on the creditors 
rights like receivables and notes receivable which have no real trade backgrounds; 

13.1.16  The Borrower refuses to accept the supervision and inspection
of the Lender on the usages of the Loan and the related business financial activities; 

13.1.17  The Borrower has situations of the major merger, acquisition
and reorganization, transfer of equity, and the sale of real estate, and so on, which has affected or may affect the Loan security. 

13.1.18  The Borrower deliberately evades the debts of financial
enterprises through the related party transactions; 

13.1.19  Other situations considered by the Lender that can lead
to the failure to repay the Loan principal and interest on time under this Contract; 

13.1.20  Other defaulted behaviors according to the relevant laws
and regulations of this Contract. 

13.2  If the Guarantor has one of the following circumstances,
the Borrower shall be considered to default under this Contract, and the Lender shall have the right to take relief measures stipulated
by this Contract: 

13.2.1  The guarantee is not established, inactive, invalid, being
dismantled and lifted under this Contract; the Guarantor defaults, clearly indicates or shows that it will not fulfill the guaranteed
responsibility; or the Guarantor loses part or all of the guaranteed qualifications; the collateral value reduces or appear some
other changes, and within the time schedule made by the Lender, the Borrower does not supplement or fail to timely provide new
collateral according to this Contract s stipulation or take other preserved measures of creditors  rights approved
by the Lender; 

13.2.2  The Borrower does not insure the pledge gold or renew the
insurance in time in accordance with the Contract; 

13.2.3  The Guarantor does not substantially comply with or carry
out any commitment or obligation under the Security Documents; or any representation or warranty made by the Guarantor under the
Security Documents is incorrect, untrue, misleading, violated; or the representation or warranty has been proved to be incorrect,
untrue, misleading, and violated when it is made or considered to be made. 

18   

           Trust Loan Contract       

When the Guarantor has the
below situation or any kind of situation in the article 13.1 or 13.2 in this Contract, it shall be deemed as the Borrower s
default of this Contract, and the Lender has the right to call in the Loan ahead of the Contract s schedule and require the
Borrower to take the defaulting responsibilities: 

13.3.2  Any guarantee or similar obligation is not performed; 

13.3.3  Fails to perform or violates the relevant debt guarantees
and other legal documents or contracts having similar obligations; 

13.3.4  Unable to repay the expiring debtor borrowing/financing; 

13.3.5  Bankrupt which has been declared or is about to be declared
through the legal procedure; 

13.3.6  Transferring the assets or property to other creditors; 

13.3.7  Other situations which endanger the safety of loan principal
and interest under this Contract. 

14  Default Liabilities 

14.1  If one or several default items listed in article 13 of
this Contract occur, the Lender has the right to take one or more remedial measures according to the actual situation of the Borrower 
default. The Borrower should bear the corresponding responsibilities for default of the Contract. 

14.1.1  If the Borrower fails to fully repay any loan s principal
and interest or other payables in time under this Contract in accordance with this Contract; or fails to fully supply any additional
gold pledge and margin in time, or fails to timely buy insurance or extend insurance time limit for any pledged gold, and fails
to correct the defaulting behaviors and remedies according to the requirements of the Lender within the time limit specified by
the Lender, the Lender shall have the right to declare all Trust Loan under this Contract expire in advance immediately, withdraw
all the Trust Loan  principal balance and the unpaid part in all the interest payable according to the calculation stipulated
by this Contract, overdue interest, penalty interest, liquidated damages and any other payables in advance from the Lender, and
immediately recourse to the Borrower through various forms. 

14.1.2  If the Borrower violates the provisions of this Contract
without the consent of the Lender by arbitrarily embezzling or transferring the Loan funds from special loan account, the Lender
shall have the right to take back all or part of the Loan ahead of schedule. At the same time, from the date of arbitrarily embezzling
(transferring) of the Loan, according to the amount of the embezzling (transferring) and actual days of the embezzling (transferring),
the Lender shall calculate and collect the penalty interest from the Borrower in the light of the thousandth of the embezzled
(transferred) fund every day, until the Borrower returns all the embezzled (transferred) funds to the Lender. The Lender s
collecting penalty interest from the Borrower shall not influence the Lender s any other rights under this Contract. 

14.1.3  During the period of the Trust Loan, if the Borrower fails
to pay interest within the time limit prescribed in this Contract, as to the overdue interest part, during the overdue period,
the Lender shall have the right to add one thousandth penalty interest every day on the basis of the original overdue loan interest
stipulated in article 6.4 from the overdue date. 

14.1.4  If the Borrower fails to repay the Trust Loan principal
according to the stipulation of this Contract, as for the overdue part of the Trust Loan principal, during the overdue period,
the Lender shall have the right to add one thousandth penalty interest every day on the basis of the original overdue loan interest
stipulated in article 6.4 from the overdue date. 

19   

           Trust Loan Contract       

14.1.5  According to the provisions of this Contract or Security
Documents, it requests the Guarantor to bear guaranteed responsibilities, including performing the right of pledge through the
ways of selling off and auctioning the pledged gold, the Borrower  agreement on the discount of the pledged gold, or entrusting
the members in Shanghai Gold Exchange to sell the pledged gold at the market price in the open gold market, or requests the Guarantor
to bear the joint guaranteed responsibilities. 

14.1.6  Other remedial measures stipulated by the relevant laws
and regulations and this Contract. 

14.2  After the Lender takes the default measures stipulated
by the preceding articles, if the Borrower still cannot make up for the loss to the Lender, the Lender has the right to continue
to pursue of recovery to the Borrower about the due payment. 

14.3  Because of any party s default making the opposite
party adopt the litigated ways to realize the creditors  rights, the defaulting party should bear the reasonable costs paid
by the opposite party, including but not limited to legal fares, property preservation fee, auction fee, attorney fees, travel
expense, copying charge, and printed materials fees, and so on. 

15      Special Stipulations  

15.1  When the news media, such as the documents, newspapers
or web sites sponsored by the state council and its ministries and commissions, provincial government (including the municipalities
directly under the central government and autonomous regions), the People's bank of China, Chinese banking regulatory commission
and other financial regulatory institutions, report the industrial policies of the state s prohibition or restriction on
the investment of the related industries or series of enterprises, the Lender could suspend, discontinue, and terminate the debts 
issuance or recover the Loan ahead of schedule to the Borrower of the related industries or series of enterprises. 

15.2  The Borrower agrees that the Lender could use and save
credit information because of the Loan application and post-loan management inquiry. 

15.3  The reasons, such as the irresistible forces, stoppages
of the communications or network, or system faults of the Lender, lead to the failures to issue loans or conduct the payments
in accordance with the stipulations of this Contract, the Lender shall not take the responsibility, but should promptly notify
the Borrower and take remedial measures. 

16  Supplement, Modification and Transfer of the Contract 

16.1  After the Contract entries into force, the parties can
modify or supplement the contents of the Contract on the basis of consensus. If the provisions of the Contract are inconsistent
with the regulations of the law, a supplementary contract should be timely consulted and signed to perfect the Contract. For matters
not covered in this Contract, both parties can sign a supplementary contract. The supplementary contract is an integral part of
this Contract, and it has the same legal effect as the Contract. If the supplementary contract is in conflict with the Contract,
the supplementary contract shall prevail. In this Contract, when this Contract is mentioned, any effective revisions and supplements
to this Contract should be included. 

16.2  Without the written consent of the Lender, the Borrower
may not transfer any rights and obligations under this Contract. 

16.3  The Lender is entitled to transfer the rights and obligations
under this Contract to any other party without the agreement of the Borrower, however the Borrower should be informed about this. 

20   

           Trust Loan Contract       

17.1  Unless there are other provisions under the Contract, all
notices between the two parties under the terms of the Contract shall be in written form, which can be delivered by people, registered
letters, express mail service, and fax can be as an auxiliary way, however, it must have a supplementary delivery according to
the above agreed ways under the Contract. The notices on the following dates shall be deemed to be the dates of service: 

(1) The notices delivered
by people are an effective delivery on the delivery date. 

(2) The
notices delivered by registered letter (postage paid) are effective delivery on the seventh day after it are delivered (as indicated
by the postmark). 

(3) The
notices issued by express mail service (postage paid) are effective delivery in the third days after being delivered (as indicated
by the postmark). 

(4) The notices sent
by fax are effective after it are delivered. 

(5) Using
the above methods to send notices at the same time, the fastest one reaches the receiver prevails. 

17.2  The notices under this Contract shall be delivered according
to the following address; if changes need to be done, the party who wants to change shall notify the other party in writing three
Business Days in advance. The losses caused by the failure to notify in time are bore by the party who changes the correspondence
address or the contact ways. 

Lender: Sichuan Trust Co., Ltd. 

 Correspondence address: Room
B1511, Oumei Center, EAC, Hangzhou City. 

 Postcode: 310000 

 Telephone numbers: 0571-85238957 

 Fax: 0571-85238957 

 Recipient: Pan Zhu 

Borrower: Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

 Correspondence
address: Special No. 15 of Huangpu Science and Technology Park, Jiang an District, Wuhan City 

 Postcode: 430023 

 Tel: 

 Fax: 027-65694777 

 Recipient: Qiao Hu 

21   

           Trust Loan Contract       

18  Grace and Partial Invalidity 

18.1  When the Lender does not exercise or delay exercising any
rights under this Contract, it shall not be deemed to give up such rights. When the Lender exercises such rights alone or in part,
it should not be prevented by using any other way or exercising such rights further or other rights. 

18.2  The rights and remedies stipulated under the Contract are
cumulative and any rights or remedies of the Lender endowed by laws are not ruled out. 

18.3  A provision or some portions of one provision in this Contract
isnow or in the future will become invalid, the invalid provision or the invalid portions do not affect the validity of the Contract,
the other terms of the Contract and other contents of the provision. 

19.     Compulsory Execution Notarization  

The Borrower
and the Lender confirm that both parties have complete understanding on the meaning, content, procedure, responsibility and effect
of the laws, rules, regulations have on compulsory execution effect and executive certificate. The Borrower and the Lender conduct
notarial process on this Contract and enforce it with effect after signing this Contract with consent. The Borrower does not have
disagreement on the obligations under this Contract. If the Borrower does not perform or does not fully perform its obligation
under this Contract, the Lender is entitled to apply the people s court with jurisdiction for compulsory execution with this
Contract and executive certificate under notarization. The Borrower should accept the compulsory execution and abstain the right
to defend on his own accord. The cost for compulsory execution process is assumed by the Borrower. 

20.1.  This Contract is effective after the legal representatives
or authorized representatives of both parties signed or sealed and stamped with official seal or special seal for contractual
use, and it terminates when Trust Loan principal, interest, penalty interest, liquidated damages and all the other obligations
of payment have been fulfilled. 

20.2  If both parties disagree on if the situations under this
Contract reach to the standard of  significant ,  substantial ,  serious  and so on, the Lender's
interpretation shall prevail. 

20.3  When disputes arise during the performance of this Contract,
it may be resolved through consultation. If it doesn t work, either party shall file a lawsuit to the people's court with
jurisdiction at Lender s domicile. During the proceeding, the terms that do not involve the dispute under the Contract shall
still be fulfilled. 

20.4  The contracts, memos, commitments and other binding legal
documents signed by the Borrower or Lender on the matters under this Contract which are effective and binding shall be an integral
part of this Contract. 

20.5  Once the Contract has been signed, it shows that the two
parties have read this Contract in full and detail, do not have any doubt and ambiguity on all terms under the Contract, and have
accurate and correct understanding on relevant rights, obligations and responsibilities of both parties. 

22   

           Trust Loan Contract       

20.6  This Contract has six original copies, with two copies
belonging to the Lender, one copy belonging to the Borrower, and the rest being used for conducting notarization and other procedures,
and each one has the same legal effect. 

20.7  Loan application form, IOU, and other relevant documents
and data provided by the Borrower are integral parts of this Contract. 

(The remainder of this page is intentionally
left blank.) 

23   

           Trust Loan Contract       

(No text in this page, signing page of
No. SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167-2 Trust Loan Contract) 

When signing this Contract, both parties
read and know all the articles in this Contract, have no objection, and accurately understand all legal implications of all articles
related to legal relations, related rights, obligations and responsibilities between both parties. 

The Lender: Sichuan Trust Co., Ltd.(Seal)  

 Legal Representative or Authorized Representative
(Signature or Seal): 

The Borrower: Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co.,
Ltd. (Seal)  

 Legal Representative or Authorized Representative
(Signature or Seal): 

Sign Date: 2016/9/7  

 Place of signing: Chengdu 

24   

           Trust Loan Contract       

Letter of Authorization  

Sichuan Trust Co., Ltd.: 

Since our company is
unable to undertake the obligation of calling margin and repayment (see details in Trust Loan contract numbered SCXT2016(DXD)Zi.
No.167 -2), we have triggered the right of disposal on the pledge gold. Now our company leave the carte blanche to you to disposal
the AU9999 gold bars that we pledged (see details in Gold Pledge Contract numbered SCXT2016(DXD)Zi. No.167 -3), which includes
determining the buyer and the disposal operations, price, and sign the relevant contract with buyer on behalf of our company or
your company. We promise to issue invoice to the buyer on the gold bars. We will agree all the items on the disposal of pledge
gold and undertake the revenue and the loss, relevant rights and obligations under laws. 

This letter of authorization
is not attached to any conditions and is irrevocable. This letter of authorization takes effect with the seal of our company and
is legally binding on us. 

Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Co., Ltd. (Seal) 

Month     Day    , 2016 

25   

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 4
 v452608_ex10-13.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.13

Exhibit
10.13  

Loan Contract by and between AVIC Capital
Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd and  
Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co. Ltd.  

Date  

Table of Contents 

Article I Definition  
     3  
 
      Article II Loan Amount  
     4  
 
      Article III Intended Use of Loan and Supervision  
     4  
 
      Article IV Loan Term  
     4  
 
      Article V Interest Rate, Arrangement Fee, Interest Accrual, Interest Settlement, Interest Payment and Default Interest  
     4  
 
      Article VI Loan Issuance  
     5  
 
      Article VII Repayment  
     6  
 
      Article VIII Loan guarantee  
     6  
 
      Article IX Party A s Rights and Obligations, Representations and Warranties  
     7  
 
      Article X Party B s Rights and Obligations, Representations and Warranties  
     7  
 
      Article XI Default Liabilities  
     9  
 
      Article XII Contract Alteration and Termination  
     11  
 
      Article XIII Applicable Laws and Dispute Solution  
     11  
 
      Article XIV Compulsory Execution Notarization  
     11  
 
      Article XV Notification and Delivery  
     12  
 
      Article XIV Other Issues  
     13  

Loan Contract 

The Lender (Party A): China Aviation Capital
Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 

 Residence: Room 201, Building A, 1# First
Qianwan Road, Qianhai Hong Kong - Shenzhen Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen City 

 Business Address: 3906# Times Square Excellence,
Futian Centre, Shenzhen City 

 Post Code: 518017 

 Legal Representative: Mingsheng Cai 

The Borrower (Party B): Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Co. Ltd. 

 Residence: 15# Huangpu Science and Technology
Park, Jiang an District, Wuhan City 

 Post Code: 430023 

 Legal Representative (Responsible Person):
Zhihong Jia 

 Fax: 027-65694977 

 Telephone: 027-65694977 

Whereas: 

Party A is a limited
liability company validly existing and established under the laws, and Party B is an incorporated company validly existing and
established under the laws; both parties hereto conclude and sign the Contract for mutual compliance and execution through negotiation
according to relevant laws and regulations. 

Article I Definition 

Unless otherwise specified
in the Contract or explained in the context, the terms and definitions in the Contract should have the same implications as those
in other documents concerned. 

1.1 The Contract: it
refers to the  Loan Contract  (Contract No.: 2016-jh-01) concluded and signed between Party A and Party B as well as any valid
revision and supplementation concerned. 

1.2 Loan Issuance Date:
for each installment, it refers to the date when Party A issues the loan to Party B as agreed in the Contract, specifically the
date indicated in the  Loan Receipt  corresponding to the loan. In case the initial Loan Issuance Date is inconsistent with
the effective date of the Contract or a certain subsequent Loan Issuance Date is inconsistent with the actual capital appropriation
date corresponding to the loan, the effective date of the Contract or the actual capital appropriation date corresponding to the
subsequent loans should be regarded as the Loan Issuance Date. 

1.3 Loan Expiry Date:
it refers to for each installment, the expected expiry date of this installment under the Contract, or the accelerated expiry date,
or the extended expiry date. 

1.4 Interest Settlement
Date: it refers to Month Day, Month Day, Month Day, of each calendar year and the loan expiry date. The Interest Settlement Date
should not be postponed. 

1.5 Interest Payment
Date: it refers to each Interest Settlement Date, and in case the Interest Settlement Date is a non-Business Day, the Interest
Payment Date should be postponed to the next Business Day. 

1.6 Month: for each
installment, it refers to the loan month calculated from the Loan Issuance Date or the date corresponding to the monthly Loan Issuance
Date (including the current date; if no corresponding date in this month, it refers to the last day of current month) to the date
corresponding to the Loan Issuance Date of the next month (including the current date; if no corresponding date in this month,
it refers to the last day of current month). The specific start date should be consistent with the date indicated in the  Loan
Receipt  corresponding to this installment. 

1.7 Year: for each installment,
it refers to a loan year when the loan is issued for twelve months since the loan issuance. 

1.8 Pledgor: it refers
to Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

1.9 Gold pledge contract:
it refers to the  Gold Pledge Contract  (Contract No.: 2016-jh-02) concluded and signed between Party A and the Pledgor. 

1.10 Yuan: it refers
to RMB. 

1.11 China: it refers
to the People s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region
and Taiwan Region). 

Article II Loan Amount 

The total amount of
the loan under the Contract is RMB SIX HUNDRED MILLION ONLY ( 600,000,000.00). 

Article III Intended Use of Loan and
Supervision 

3.1 The
loan under the Contract should be used for supplementing the circulating fund of Party B. Party B should strictly utilize the
loan under the Contract as specified, and should not change the intended use of the loan without obtaining the written
consent from Party A in advance. Moreover, Party B should not utilize the loan for fixed asset investment, equity investment,
securities investment, land banking, real estate development, and so on, or for other projects violating national laws  
regulations and policies. 

Article IV Loan Term 

4.1 The loan under the
Contract is issued by installment, and the amount of the first loan is RMB TWO HUNDRED AND NINETY MILLION ONLY ( 290,000,000.00),
and the corresponding loan term should be twenty-four months since each Loan Issuance Date. 

4.2 In case of any condition
agreed in the Contract, Party A has the right to announce the accelerated expiry of all or part of the loans. 

Article V Interest Rate, Arrangement
Fee, Interest Accrual, Interest Settlement, Interest Payment and Default Interest 

5.1 Interest rate 

The interest rate under
the Contract is the annual interest rate, namely 7.5%/year. 

5.2 Arrangement fee 

The arrangement fee
under the Contract is 3% of the total amount of the loan, and should be paid by Party B to Party A within one month since the initial
Loan Issuance Date. 

5.3 Interest accrual 

The loan interest should
be calculated since the Loan Issuance Date according to the actual amount and the actual loan days. The interest of the loan under
the Contract should be daily calculated: daily interest rate = monthly interest rate/30 = annual interest rate/360. Daily interest
payable of Party B = current loan balance x [7.5%]/360. 

5.4 Interest settlement  

The loan interest for
the period from the Loan Issuance Date (including) or the previous Interest Settlement Date (including) to current Interest Settlement
Date (excluding) should be calculated on the corresponding Interest Settlement Date under the Contract, and the last Interest Settlement
Date of the loan under the Contract should be the principal repayment date of the loan under the Contract, and both the principal
and the interests accrued should be paid off on that day. 

5.5 Interest payment 

Party B should pay the
corresponding loan interest as scheduled at a full amount on each Interest Payment Date. In case of installment loan issuance,
the corresponding interest should be independently calculated and paid for each installment as follows: 

The interest payable
of Party B on each Interest Payment Date in the first year of the loan issuance =   daily loan balance during the period from
the Loan Issuance Date (including) or the previous Interest Settlement Date (including) to current Interest Settlement Date (excluding)
 [7.5]%/360; The interest payable of Party B on each Interest Payment Date in the second year of the loan issuance =  
daily loan balance during the period from the Loan Issuance Date (including) or the previous Interest Settlement Date (including)
to current Interest Settlement Date (excluding)  [7.5]%/360 

5.6 Default interest 

(1) In case Party B
fails to utilize the loan as agreed, for the part of the loan, not utilized as agreed in the Contract, the interests accrued should
be collected at double original interest rate since the date of loan utilization change. 

(2) In case Party B
fails to repay the loan as scheduled, for the unpaid loan, the interests accrued should be daily collected at the interest rate
of 1 . In case the interests accrued are not paid as scheduled, the compound interests should be collected according to
above default interest rate. 

(3) The original interest
rate refers to the applicable interest rate before the loan expiry date (including the accelerated expiry date or the extended
expiry date). 

(4) In case the loan
is overdue and is not utilized as agreed in the Contract, the higher default interest rate should be taken to calculate the interests
accrued. 

Article VI Loan Issuance 

6.1 Only when the following
conditions can be met, Party A has the obligation to issue the loan agreed in the Contract to Party B: 

(1) Party B and other
parties concerned should have provided their necessary and legally valid internal and/or external approval and authorization documents
for relevant issues according to validly existing laws   regulations, articles of incorporation or other organization documents; 

(2) Such transaction
documents as the Contract, the  Gold Pledge Contract  and the  Guaranty Contract  should   have been signed and
come into effect; 

(3) The notarial procedure
for the compulsory execution of the Contract, the  Gold Pledge Contract  and the  Guaranty Contract  should have been
completely handled; 

(4) The pledge registration
procedure should have been completely handled, and the pledged gold should have been sealed and stored in the safe deposit box
of Wuhan branch of Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. 

(5) All pledged objects
should have been insured to the People s Insurance Company of China (PICC), and PICC should have issued the insurance contract
in which Party A is the first beneficiary; 

(6) As of the Loan Issuance
Date, all representations and warranties made by Party B in Article 10 of the Contract should be truthful, accurate and valid,
and the financial condition of Party B should be basically as the same as that at the contract signing, without any significant
adverse change; 

(7) As of the Loan Issuance
Date, the loan issuance by Party A to Party B according to the Contract should not violate any laws   regulations or any stipulation
of the supervision department; 

(8) The business condition
of Party B (including but not limited to the financial condition) should not have any substantial change which may bring significant
adverse influence on the transactions under the Contract; 

(9) The loan under the
Contract should not be prohibited or restricted by any law, regulation, rule or other normative document, or any supervision organization; 

(10) Other conditions
required by Party A. 

6.2 Party A should,
within [three] days after all preconditions specified in Article 6.1 are met (except that one or more preconditions are clearly
exempted by Party A), issue the loan to the following account of Party B: 

Deposit Bank: 

 Bank Account: 

 Account Name: Wuhan
Kingold Jewelry Co. Ltd. 

Article VII Repayment 

7.1 Repayment principle 

Any repayment from Party
B under the Contract should be firstly for the interest accrued and then for the principal, but Party A has the right to use the
repayment from Party B to pay various expenses that should be borne by Party B but is advanced by Party A and the expenses for
realizing the creditor s right of Party A. 

In case the repayment
from Party B is not enough to settle the due payable for Party A under the Contract (including but not limited to loan principal,
interest, default interest, compound interest, default penalty, damage compensation, expense for realizing the creditor s
rights of Party A and other accrual expenses), Party A has the right to determine the repayment sequence of loan principal, interest,
and so on. 

7.2 Principal and interest
repayment 

Party B should pay the
due interest to Party A on each Interest Payment Date as agreed in Article 5.4 of the Contract, and the last Interest Payment Date
should be the principal repayment date of the loan under the Contract, and the principal and the interests accrued should be paid
off on that day. 

7.3 Prepayment 

(1) Party B may, after
loan is issued for twelve months, request for the prepayment of the loan concerned, but must apply to Party A in a written form
at least [sixty] days in advance; or when the gold price changes so the pledge rate is higher than 85%, Party B may prepay the
loan. 

(2) The interest rate
agreed in the Contract should not be changed, regardless of the prepayment of Party B. 

(3) The interest for
the prepayment of Party B should be collected as agreed in the Contract. In case the loan term in current month is less than thirty
days, the interest accrued should be also calculated according to thirty days; in case the loan term in current month is more than
thirty days (including), the interest accrued should be calculated according to the actual using days. 

(4) In case of prepayment,
Party B must pay off the loan principal and interest in a lump sum. 

Article VIII Loan Guarantee 

8.1 Party B should provide
the following guarantees for all debts under the Contract (including but not limited to loan principal, interest, default interest,
compound interest, default penalty, damage compensation, all expenses for the realization of the creditor s rights of the
lender and other expenses payable): 

(1) Pledge: Party B
should provide legally owned gold with the content not less than 99.99% as the pledge guarantee to Party A. Please refer to the
 Gold Pledge Contract  for the specific information. 

(2) Guarantee: the actual
controlling person   Zhihong Jia of Party B should provide guarantee for all debts under the Contract. Please refer to the
 Guaranty Contract  for the specific information. 

Article IX Party A s Rights
and Obligations, Representations and Warranties 

9.1 Party A s
rights 

(1) has the right
to collect loan principal and other funds incurred from Party B; 

(2) has the right
to require Party B to provide the latest financial statement audited by an accounting firm and all information regarding the loan
under the Contract; 

(3) has the right
to know the production   operation and financial activities of Party B; 

(4) has the right
to report Party B s default behaviors, including avoidance of Party A s supervision, principal and interest arrears
and other default behaviors, to relevant department or unit; 

(5) has the right
to personally implement the after-loan management for the loan issued thereby or employ the third party to do the same, including
but not limited to the acquaintance and the field inspection of Party B s production   operation and financial activities,
loan utilization, funds or other matters agreed in the  Loan Contract ; 

(6) In case Party
B fails to repay the loan principal and interest as scheduled at a full amount, Party A or the third party employed thereby has
the right to take collection actions (including but not limited to short message, email, telephone, and so on), and all expenses
incurred by the collection, including but not limited to express fee, counsel fee, travel expense, and so on, should be borne by
Party B; 

(7) In case the condition
specified in Article XI of the Contract occurs and Party A believes that the creditor s rights thereof under the Contract
may be endangered or Party B violates the Contract, Party A has the right to announce the immediate expiry of all loans under the
Contract and require Party B to immediately repay all outstanding principals and interests; 

(8) Other rights that
Party A should entitle according to laws   regulations and the Contract. 

9.2 Party A s
obligations 

(1) should issue the
loan agreed in the Contract, except the delay caused by Party B or other reasons not attributed to Party A; 

(2) should have the
confidentiality responsibility for relevant financial information and production   operation business secrets provided by Party
B, except that such information should be disclosed as required by laws   regulations and the supervision department or the
administrative department, or is disclosed to the intermediary organ employed thereby. 

9.3 Party A s
representations and warranties 

Party A represents
and warrants as follows: 

(1) Party A is a limited
liability company validly existing and established under laws, and has the subject qualification for signing the Contract; 

(2) Party A signs
and performs the Contract for the truthful intentions thereof, and has obtained all necessary legal authorizations, and completely
handled all legal procedures for signing and performing the Contract; 

(3) Party A will issue
the loan to Party B as agreed, and the contract signing and performance will not violate any obligation under the  Loan Contract . 

Article X Party B s Rights and
Obligations, Representations and Warranties 

10.1 Party B s
rights 

(1) has the right
to withdraw and utilize the loan according to the loan term and the intended use agreed in the Contract; 

(2) has the right
to request Party A to bear the confidentiality responsibility for relevant financial information and business secrets regarding
production   operation, except that such information should be disclosed according to laws   regulations, rules and the
Contract. 

10.2 Party B s
obligations 

(1) Party B should
withdraw the loans as agreed in the Contract; 

(2) should, as required
by Party A, provide relevant financial accounting information and production   operation information to Party A, including
but not limited to balance sheet, profit and loss statement, cash flow statement, loan utilization, and should be responsible for
the authenticity, legality, completeness and validity of the information provided thereby; 

(3) should utilize the
loans as agreed in the Contract, and should not occupy or embezzle for other purposes or utilize for the projects violating national
laws   regulations and policies; 

(4) should positively
cooperate for and conscientiously accept the inspection and supervision from Party A or the third party employed thereby, upon
the production   operation and financial activities and the utilization of the loans under the Contract; 

(5) should pay the loan
principal and interest and other payables as agreed in the Contract; 

(6) should bear the
expenses of relevant insurance under the Contract; 

(7) Party B and the
investors thereof should not secretly withdraw the funds or transfer assets to avoid the debts owed to Party A; 

(8) In case of transferring
all or part of the debts under the Contract to the third party, Party B should obtain the corresponding consent from Party A in
advance; 

(9) In case of changing
name, legal representative (responsible person), residence, business scope, registered capital, and so on within the contract term,
Party B should inform Party A in a written form within ten days after occurrence; 

(10) In case of involving
in insurance acceptance, rent, shareholding reform, joint operation, consolidation, merge, separation, joint venture, capital reduction,
stock right transfer, major assets transfer and other behaviors which are sufficient to influence the realization of the creditor s
rights of Party A within the contract term, Party B should inform Party A in a written form at least thirty days in advance and
obtain the corresponding consent, and should pay off and guarantee the debts under the Contract; or else, the above behaviors should
not be allowed before all debts are paid off for Party A; 

(11) In case Party B
suffers from business suspension, bankruptcy, dissolution, rectification, business license cancellation or revoking, and so on
within the contract term, the Contract should be deemed to be expired. Party B should inform Party A in a written form within three
days after occurrence and immediately repay the loan principal and interest; 

(12) In case Party B
involves in the events that may threaten the normal operation thereof or bring significant adverse influence on the performance
of the repayment obligation under the Contract, including but not limited to major economic dispute, litigation, financial condition
deterioration, production   operation difficulty, bankruptcy, dissolution, business suspension for rectification, business
license cancellation or revoking, and so on within the contract term, Party B should inform Party A in a written form within three
days after occurrence, and should pay off and guarantee the debts under the Contract as required by Party A; 

(13) Party B should
guarantee various Guarantors (if any) to cooperate with Party A for concluding and signing various guaranty contracts (if any)
and handle relevant notarization and registration procedures, and so on; 

(14) In case any Guarantor
under the Contract involves in production suspension, business suspension, registration cancellation, business license revoking,
bankruptcy, and so on, or completely or partially loses the guarantee capability for the loan concerned, Party B should timely
provide other guarantees accepted by Party A; 

(15) Within the contract
term, Party B should not provide dividends to the shareholders; 

(16) Party B should
bear all responsibilities for the losses caused thereby to Party A. 

10.3 Party B s
representations and warranties 

Party B represents and
warrants to Party A as follows, and Party A issues the loans under the Contract according to such representations and warranties: 

(1) It is a validly
existing legal entity registered under the laws and the regulations of the People s Republic of China. As of the Loan Issuance
Date, Party B is continuously under normal operation state, without any existing or reasonably predicted factors probably influencing
the continuous and normal operation thereof within the contract term; 

(2) It signs and performs
the Contract for the truthful intentions thereof, and has obtained all necessary legal authorizations; the above authorizations
and the contract signing and performance behaviors under the authorizations should not violate articles of incorporation or other
organization documents or any binding laws, regulations, rules and other normative documents, judicial decision, contract, promise
or arrangement; the procedure for signing and performing the Contract should have been completely handled and is legally valid; 

(3) All documents, information,
statements, vouchers, and so on provided thereby to Party A under the Contract should be truthful, accurate, complete and legally
valid, without any misleading statement, false record or significant omission; 

(4) It should not conceal
any existing or probably existing conditions probably enabling Party A to disagree the loan issuance under the Contract, including
but not limited to: 

1) Significant discipline
violation, law violation or claimed compensation concerning Party B or the main responsible persons thereof; 

2) The default events
under the contract concluded and signed with any other creditor; 

3) Such dispute events
as litigation and arbitration; 

4) The debts borne thereby
and the guarantees provided thereby; 

5) Other conditions
probably influencing the financial condition and the debt paying ability. 

(5) It should agree
Party A to check the credit status thereof from People's Bank of China, the credit database approved to be established by the competent
department for credit investigation, relevant unit and department, or reasonably utilize and disclose the information for business
needs; 

(6) The legal documents
corresponding to the existing financing and/or guarantee (if any) should exclude any article which restricts Party B for re-financing
and/or providing guarantee, or which may influence the performance of Party B s obligations under the Contract. 

In case of contract
modification, supplementation or alteration, Party B should be deemed to repeatedly make the above representations and warranties. 

Article XI Default Liabilities 

11.1 Default 

(1) In case of any one
of the following conditions, Party B should be deemed to violate the Contract: 

1) fails to provide
truthful, complete and valid financial accounting information, production   operation information and other relevant information
as required by Party A, or conceals the information probably influencing the debt paying ability thereof; 

2) fails to utilize
the loans as agreed by both parties, or refuses or obstructs Party A or the third party employed thereby to supervise and inspect
the loan utilization; 

3) fails to repay the
loan principal or any interest or other payables (if any); 

4) transfers assets
or secretly withdraws the capitals to evade debts; 

5) suffers from business
deterioration and financial condition deterioration, cannot pay off the due debts, involves in or will involve in major litigation
or arbitration procedure or other legal dispute, bears any other debts, and so on, and Party A believes that the above events may
influence or have influenced or damaged the rights and interests thereof under the Contract; 

6) involves in contracting,
rent, consolidation, merge, joint venture, separation, joint operation, shareholding reform, registered capital reduction, or has
other behaviors for business pattern change or business mechanism transform, and Party A believes that the above events or behaviors
may influence or have influenced or damaged the rights and interests thereof under the Contract; 

7) Party B changes legal
representative/controlling shareholder/actual controlling person, or cannot normally perform the duty thereof or involves in major
economic dispute or suffers from financial condition deterioration, compulsory measure, right limitation or unavailable contact,
and so on; 

8) Any other debt borne
thereby has influenced or may influence Party A upon the obligation performance thereof under the Contract; 

9) Without the consent
from Party A, Party B provides dividends to the shareholders within the contract term; 

10) involves in such
legal procedures as trusteeship, take-over, rectification, reconciliation, reorganization, bankruptcy or dissolution, or the business
license thereof is forcedly revoked by relevant authority, or Party B is ordered by relevant authority to be suspended, closed,
cancelled or dismissed; 

11) In case the enterprise
and/or the Guarantor affiliated to Party B, the associated party or the actual controlling person are/is believed by Party A to
be under significant adverse situation, or have/has any violation behavior against any project cooperation with Party A, the associated
party or other third party of Party A, or against any contract signed thereby, Party A has the right to take the remedy measure
for the breach of contract as agreed in Article 11.2 of the Contract; in case of severe default, Party A has the right to announce
the termination of all project cooperation with Party B; 

12) violates other articles
of the Contact or involves in other events that, in Party A s opinion, influence the realization of the creditor s
rights thereof; 

(2) In case the Pledgor
involves in any one of the following conditions, Party A believes that such condition may influence the guarantee capability of
the Pledgor and requests the Pledgor to eliminate the adverse effect caused thereby, but the Pledgor and Party B fail to cooperate,
or Party B refuses to provide the new guarantee accepted by Party A and/or other remedial measures, Party B should be deemed to
violate the Contract: 

1) When signing the
 Gold Pledge Contract , the Pledgor conceals the equity disposal of the pledge from Party A, including but not limited to
pledge rent   selling, the Pledgor s behaviors for transfer of usufruct   management right and long-term rent collection,
pledge lienation   mortgage, and so on; 

2) The third party causes
the damage, loss or devaluation of the pledge, but the Pledgor fails to provide the damage compensation as agreed in the  Gold
Pledge Contract ; 

3) The Pledgor s
behavior is sufficient to devaluate the pledge, and Party A requests the Pledgor to stop such behavior and recover the pledge or
provide the corresponding guarantee, but the Pledgor refuses or fails to implement as required by Party A; 

4)
Without the written consent from Party A, the Pledgor disposes the pledge through donation, transfer, rent, repeated mortgage,
migration or other modes, or sets other rights upon the pledge; 

5) Although the Pledgor
is agreed by Party A to dispose the pledge, but the revenue obtained from the pledge disposal is not disposed according to the
 Gold Pledge Contract ; 

6) The pledge damage,
loss or devaluation is sufficient to influence the debt settlement under the Contract, and the Pledgor fails to timely recover
the pledge value or provide other guarantees accepted by Party A or supplement the corresponding cash as agreed in Article 11 of
the  Gold Pledge Contract ; 

7) The compulsory execution
notarization is not handled according to the corresponding regulations of the Contract and the  Gold Pledge Contract ; 

8) The Pledgor s
other default behaviors specified in the  Gold Pledge Contract . 

11.2 Remedy measures
for breach of contract 

In case of any default
event mentioned above, Party A has the right to take one or more following measures: 

(1) Stop issuing loans
unissued to Party B; 

(2) Announce the immediate
expiry of the loan, collect all loan issued in advance, require Party B to immediately pay off the loan principle, interest and
other relevant funds under the Contract; 

(3) Collect the default
penalty from Party B at [20]% of the loan principal; 

(4) Perform the guarantee
right; 

(5) Directly perform
the pledge right; 

(6) Terminate the Contract
and various guaranty contracts (if any); 

(7) Other measures specified
in laws   regulations, the Contract and the accessory contract. 

Where Party A realizes
the creditor s rights under the Contract through litigation due to Party B s default behavior, Party B should bear
the reasonable expenses (including but not limited to legal fees, reasonable counsel fee, and so on) for Party A to realize the
creditor s rights thereof. 

 11.3 Special agreement 

Within [thirty] days
since the signing of the Loan Contract, in case Party B fails to perform relevant obligations under the Contract without a warrant,
Party B should pay RMB [THREE MILLION] as the default penalty to Party A in a lump sum. Meanwhile, Party A has the right to unilaterally
terminate the Contract. 

Article XII Contract Alteration and
Termination 

Unless otherwise specified
in the Contract, after the Contract comes into effect, any party should not unilaterally alter or terminate the Contract. Any contract
modification or alteration must be agreed by both parties through negotiation, and the corresponding written agreement should be
provided. 

Article XIII Applicable Laws and Dispute
Solution 

13.1 In case of any
dispute caused by the Contract or pertinent to the Contract, the parties concerned should solve such dispute through negotiation
or conciliation; if failed, both parties should submit the dispute to the jurisdictional people s court at the place where
Party A is located. 

13.2 The establishment,
interpretation, performance and dispute solution of the Contract are all applicable to existing laws, administrative regulations
and rules in China. 

13.3 During dispute
solution, the articles of the Contract, not involved in the dispute, should be continuously executed, and both parties should not
refuse to perform any obligation under the Contract on the excuse of dispute solution. 

Article XIV Compulsory Execution Notarization 

14.1 Both parties hereto
jointly confirm that within three Business Days since the contract signing, both parties are willing to apply to the Wuhan Changjiang
notary office for handling the compulsory execution notarization for the Contract. 

14.2 Party B promises:
in case of failing to perform or incompletely performing the obligations under the Contract, Party B is willing to accept the compulsory
execution of the judiciary authority, without the need of any judicial proceedings; Party A may, according to Article CCXXXVIII
of the  Civil Procedure Law , directly apply to the jurisdictional people s court for compulsory execution, without
the need of any judicial proceedings, and Party B should waive the defense right for Party A s direct application for compulsory
execution. 

14.3 Both parties hereto
jointly confirm: both parties have completely and clearly understood the implication, content, procedure, effect, and so on of
the compulsory execution in relevant laws   regulations and normative documents. 

14.4 In case Party B
fails to perform or improperly performs the notarized debt claim with compulsory execution effect, Party A has the right to apply
to the notary organ for issuing the execution certificate. Party B promises to fully cooperate for Party A s application
behavior (including but not limited to the cooperation for the verification procedure at the notary office). In case Party B fails
to perform the mentioned obligations as scheduled, Party B hereby confirms: under the absence of Party B, after the notary office
completes the verification according to Party A s application and the internal procedure thereof, the verification procedure
should be deemed to be completed at the notary office, and Party B should completely accept the legal consequence incurred thereby. 

14.5 This article is
preferentially applicable to Article 13.1 of the Contract. The expense for the application of the compulsory execution should be
borne by Party B. 

Article XV Notification and Delivery 

15.1 All notices, documents,
information, and so on sent or provided by both parties during contract performance should be delivered according to the contact
information listed in Article 15.2 of the Contract. In case one party changes the contact information, the party concerned should
inform the other party in a written form (fax or EMS should be valid) within three days since the change of the contact information;
or else, when the party not changing the contact information informs the other party in a written form   fax or EMS according
to the contact information indicated in the Contract, relevant information should be deemed to be delivered. 

15.2 Contact information
of the two parties is as follows: 

 Party A: AVIC Capital
Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd 

 Contact Address: 3906#
Times Square Excellence, Futian Centre, Shenzhen City 

 Post Code: 518017 

 Contact Person: Haifeng
Gao 

 Telephone: +8613581829156 

 Email:
 gaohf@aviccapital.com  

Party B: Wuhan Kingold
Jewelry Co. Ltd. 

 Contact Address: 15#
Huangpu Science and Technology Park, Jiang an District, Wuhan City 

 Post Code: 430023 

 Contact Person: Qiao
Hu 

 Telephone: 13317109760 

 Fax: 027-65694977 

 Email:
 webmaster@kingold.com.cn  

 15.3 The notification
should be deemed to be delivered to the informed party on the following date: 

( 1 )  The
notification sent by a specially-assigned person should be deemed to be effectively delivered on the delivery
date;  

( 2 )  The
notification sent as a registered letter should be deemed to be effectively delivered on the third day after mailing (postmark
as the voucher);  

( 3 )  The
notification sent by fax should be deemed to be effectively delivered when the fax machine generates the corresponding confirmation
for successful transmission;  

( 4 )  The
notification sent by EMS should be deemed to be effectively delivered on the second day after mailing (postmark as the voucher);  

( 5 )  The
notification sent by email should be deemed to be effectively delivered on the date when the successful transmission information
is displayed in the mail system of the sender.  

Article XIV Other Issues 

16.1 Any supplemental
agreement concluded and signed between both parties for the issues not mentioned in the Contract should be made as the annex of
the Contract and should have equal legal effect. 

16.2 The  Loan Receipt
 under the Contract and relevant documents confirmed by both parties should be deemed as an integral part of the Contract. 

16.3 Party B should
have read all articles of the Contract, completely known and comprehensively understood the implications of the articles of the
Contract and the corresponding legal consequence. As required by Party B, Party A should have interpreted the corresponding articles
of the Contract. 

16.4 During contract
performance, in case Party A fails to perform or timely perform any right under the Contract, Party A should not be deemed to waive
this right and such behavior should not influence the performance of other rights of Party A or the performance of any obligation
of Party B under the Contract. All right waivers should be made in a written form. 

16.5 The statements
and the promises mentioned in the Contract should be separated from and independent of each other. Unless otherwise specified clearly
or agreed by both parties in a written form, any statement or promise should not be expressed or restricted on the excuse of any
opposite implication probably included in any other article of the Contract. In case an article or a part of an article of the
Contract is or will be invalid, such invalid article or invalid part should not influence the Contract and the validity of the
other articles or the other contents of the articles therein. 

16.6 Any violation against
any statement or promise clearly indicated and agreed in the Contract should be deemed as a default behavior. 

16.7 Both parties hereto
should prepare and sign or guarantee to prepare and sign the further actions, behaviors, events and documents needed for executing
the articles of the Contract in order to fully achieve the expected purpose of the Contract. 

16.8 Any title for an
article of the Contract is only for convenient reading, and should not be deemed as a part of the Contract in any case or as the
restriction to the article concerned. 

16.9 The Contract should
be deemed as a complete document concluded and signed by both parties for the issues concerned. The Contract and any annex of the
Contract should be deemed to compose all agreements concluded between both parties. In case of any inconsistency between the Contract
and the letter of intent previously signed by the parties or any other legal document or any written or oral agreement, the Contract
should prevail. 

16.10 The Contract should
come into effect since being signed (or stamped) by the legal representatives/responsible persons of both parties and stamped with
the corresponding official seal (or special seal for contract), and should be terminated on the date when the loan principal, interest,
default interest, default penalty and other payables (if any) are paid off. 

16.11 The Contract is
made into [nine] parts with equal legal effect. Party A holds [three copies], Party B holds [two] copies, and the rest copies are
used for handling the compulsory execution notarization, mortgage (pledge) procedure, and so on 

When signing the Contract,
the parties concerned should have read and understood all articles of the Contract, without any objection, and should have accurately
understood the legal relation between both parties and the legal implications of the articles regarding rights, obligations and
responsibilities. Any party should not propose any objection upon any article of the Contract on the excuse of serious misunderstanding,
obvious unfairness, and so on 

(The reminder of this page is intentionally
left blank) 

(This is the signature page of the  Loan
Contract  (Contract No.:  2016-jh-01 ), no text) 

Party A: China Aviation Capital Investment Management (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.  
      Party B: Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co. Ltd.   
 
      (Official Seal/Special Seal for Contract)     
     
         (Official Seal/Special Seal for Contract) 

Legal Representative or Authorized Representative:  
     
         Legal Representative or Authorized Representative: 

(Signature/Seal)  
      (Signature/Seal)   

Date of Contract Signing: 

 Place of Contract Signing: Wuhan Hubei. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 v452608_ex10-14.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.14

Exhibit 10.14  

Contract No.: 2016 Entrusted Loan No. 000004 

General Entrusted Loan Agreement  

Notes:  On the basis of equity and
free will of each party, this contract is signed by the parties through legal negotiations. All articles hereby are truly the expression
of the parties. In order to protect the rights of Consigner and Borrower, Consignee calls up hereby  Consigner and Borrower 
to give full attention to the terms of rights and obligations herein for the parties,  especially the bold parts . 

This contract is signed by three parties
here below, dated  30th  (day)  September  (month)  2016  (year). 

Consigner:  

 Name:  Hubei Asset Management Co., Ltd.
  Legal Representative:  Niansheng Li  

 Address:  40 th  Floor, Hanjie
Headquarter International B Tower, No. 86, Zhongbei Ave., Wuchang District, Wuhan City   

 Post Code: _____________ 

 Contact Person: ______________ Phone No.:
______________ 

Consignee:  

 Name:  Wuhan Jiang an Branch of
Industrial   Commercial Bank of China  

 Person in Charge:  Lai Jun  

 Address:  No. 988, Zhongshan Road, Jiang an
District, Wuhan City  

 Post Code: _____________ 

 Contact Person: ______________ Phone No.:
______________ 

Borrower:  

 Name:  Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. 
Legal Representative:  Zhihong Jia  

 Address:  No. 15, Huangpu Science and
Technology Park, Jiang an District, Wuhan City  

 Post Code: _____________ 

 Contact Person: ______________ Phone No.:
______________ 

In accordance with General Authorized Agent
Agreement for Entrusted Loan (Agreement No.:  2016 Entrusted No. 001 ) signed by Consigner and Consignee, dated  28th 
(day),  September  (month),  2016  (year), and at the require of Borrower, Consignee agreed to issue this entrusted loan
through Consigner s authorization. Through friendly negotiations, Consigner, Consignee and Borrower hereby reach the agreements
below and give full compliance. 

Chapter I Amount, Interest Rate, Life
of Entrusted Loan and others  

Article 1 Loan Currency and Amount. This
entrusted loan is RMB 300,000,000.00 (RMB THREE HUNDRED MILLION). This loan is entrusted loan. 

Article 2 Interest Rate of the Loan. Interest
rate of this entrusted loan is calculated in the  (1)  way below. 

(1) Annual interest rate is a fixed interest
rate of  9.5 %, which keeps unchanged in the loan term. 

(2) It is calculated by   /   (increasing/decreasing/zero) 
/  % based on bench mark of corresponding term lending rate issued by People s Bank of China the day Borrower withdraws.
In the event People s Bank of China changes bench mark of lending rate, loan interest in the contract herein shall change
simultaneously. Interest rate is calculated for one term with (1/ 3/ 6/ 12) month and the interest is adjusted every term with
sectional interest. 

Article 3 Calculation and Settlement of
Loan Interest. This entrusted loan is calculated by daily interest,  monthly  (monthly/quarterly/annual) settlement, for monthly
settlement, settlement day is the 20th day of the month, for quarterly/annual settlement, settlement day is the 20th day of the
last month in that quarter/year. For the unpaid loan interest as scheduled, Consignee shall  not count  (count/not count)
compound interest. If not counting compound interest, it is calculated by overdue penalty interest rate stipulated in the contract
herein. 

Article 4 Term of the Loan. The term of
this trusted loan is  24  months, dating from ______ (day) _____ (month)  2016  (year) to ______ (day) _____ (month)
 2018  (year). In the event the Borrower pays the loan back with the approval by Consigner, interest is calculated by actual
days and amount of the loan. 

Article 5 Use of the Loan. Trusted loan
in the contract herein is used for  turnover of current capital.  

Article 6 Plan to Use the Loan.  Pay
to Borrower in a lump sum.  

Article7 Loan Repayment. Repayment plan
and method of the Borrower is agreed as following:  Once payment for principal at maturity; Borrower could repay in advance.  

The principal and interest of the loan
shall be transferred to the account assigned by Consigner on time. 

Article 8 Guarantee of the Loan. Consigner
confirms the Guarantor of the loan is  Zhihong Jia ; guarantee type of the loan is  joint liability guarantee.  

Article 9 Loan Extension. After consultation
between Consigner and Borrower, consensus is reached to extend trusted loan term; Consigner, Consignee and Borrower should sign
trusted loan extension agreement 10 days prior to the expiry of the loan. 

Article 10 As required by Consignee, Consigner
and Borrower should provide such proof materials like business license, tax registration certificate, and annual inspection certificate. 

Chapter II Rights and Obligations of
Consignee  

Article 11 As per the stipulations of General
Authorized Agent Agreement for Entrusted Loan herein, Consigner has the right to confirm the Borrower, loan use, loan amount, loan
term, loan interest rate, and extension of the loan, and decide at its sole option to guarantee or not. 

Article 12 Consigner opens special trusted
loan account at Consignee s office and deposit in ample capital. Consignee should transfer the capital to Borrower s
account within ______days. 

Article 13 Consigner itself supervises/
a uthorizes Consignee to supervise  (delete unnecessary part) Borrower s use of the loan. What Consignee supervised
which is entrusted by Consigner includes the following: (check the available, delete the unnecessary) 

to
supervise the Borrower on use of the loan as per the stipulation of the contract herein; 

     to
supervise the execution of the project; 

     to
assist to supervise Borrower on production, operation, and management; 

     to
assist to supervise Guarantor on production, operation, and management; 

     to
assist to supervise and urge mortgagor to keep mortgage appropriately (mortgage contract No.___/______); 

to
assist to keep mortgage and title certificate (Pledge contract No.___/_____); 

     other
special supervision (if any) ___________________________; 

Article14 If Consigner agrees Borrower
to pay in advance, Consigner shall inform Consignee in written notice and finish prepayment procedure for Borrower. 

Article15 The principal and interest Consigner
requires should be transferred into the special entrusted capital account: 

Company Name:  Hubei Asset Management
Co., Ltd.  

 Account Name:  Jiang an
Branch of Industrial   Commercial Bank of China  

 Account No.:  3202114419100021338  

Article16  In case Borrower has not paid
the principal and interest as scheduled, Consigner has the right to deduct directly from Borrower s account  and Borrower
promises it will not raise any objection on such acts. 

Article 17 In case the loan is guaranteed,
Consigner should itself review guarantee capability of the Guarantor, collateral ownership and value, and practicability of lien.
Consignee undertakes no obligation of reviewing. 

As for the guaranteed extension loan, Consigner
should get Guarantor s prior approval and inform Consignee and Guarantor to renew extension contract 10 days in advance in
written. 

Cost for guarantee issues should be undertaken
by  /  Consigner. 

Article 18 In case of deterioration of
Borrower s operation and other situations endangering entrusted loan, the Consigner has right to inform Consignee to assist
to recover entrusted loan in advance. Borrower accepts that Consignee has right to declare the expiry of entrusted loan in advance
as per Consigner s instruction. 

Article19 Consigner has the right to require
the principal and interest of entrusted loan directly from Borrower, as well as to initiate legal proceedings. 

Chapter III Rights and Obligations of
Consignee  

Article 20 As per the stipulations of General
Authorized Agent Agreement for Entrusted Loan, Consignee has the right to require for the detailed use of the entrusted loan from
Consigner. If any doubt about the legality of the use arise herein, Consignee could refuse to handle procedures. 

Article 21 Consignee checks the contract
herein compared to the General Entrusted Loan Notice signed by Consigner. Lending procedure could be implemented after confirmation
of full payment of entrusted loan. 

Article 22 Consignee should transfer capital
and interest paid from Borrower promptly to entrusted loan special account, as required by Consigner, and should mark out the amount
of capital and interest on capital transfer voucher. 

Article 23 During the term of the contract,
if Borrower could not pay back the principal and interest as scheduled due to Borrower s malfunction in management and operation;
or any change to guarantee occurs not in favor of creditor s rights; or Borrower uses the loan not in compliance with the
stipulation herein; Consignee could terminate the contract in advance as required by Consigner, and deduct the principal and interest
of the loan from Borrower's account. 

Article 24 Consignee should make prompt
demand for collection of unpaid principal and interest in written. If Borrower is not able to repay the loan, during the guarantee
period, Consignee should make prompt demand for collection from Borrower in written and report the demand situation to Consigner. 

Article 25 If Consignee and Borrower are
not at the same district, Consignee could delegate part of the entrusted loan matters to local office of Industrial and Commercial
Bank of China in Borrower s district. Consignee undertakes responsibility for the acts of delegated entrust agency. 

Article 26 Consignee is entrusted by Consigner
to supervise the use of loan, and the following supervision measures should be taken: 

 ______________________/____________________________________________________________________________ 

 ________________________________________ 

Article 27 If guaranty is implemented in
this entrusted loan, Consignee should sign guarantee contract with Guarantor designated by Consigner, in accordance with Consigner s
written notice, and handle necessary notarization and registration procedure. Consignee has right to require, as per the stipulation
in the contract herein, Consigner or Borrower to pay for the cost arising in the process of handling guarantee procedure. 

Chapter IV Rights and Obligations of
Borrower  

Article 28 Borrower should open basic account
or general deposit account in Consignee s business unit to handle the issue of borrowing, repayment, payment of interest,
and so on 

Article 29 Before use of the loan, Borrower
should withdraw money once or more times from Consignee in accordance with loan plan. Every time before withdrawing, Borrower should
hand in notice to delivery to Consignee  one  day(s) in advance. 

Article 30 Borrower should use the loan
in accordance with agreed purpose, and should not use the loan in misappropriation or diversion. 

Article 31 Borrower should prepare ample
amount of principal and interest in the current period in Consignee s account before interest settlement or principal payment
date, and should pay for the principal and interest as agreed hereto. 

Article 32 In the duration of the contract,
Borrower should accept examination and supervision on the use of the loan from Consigner and Consignee. Borrower should provide
timely financial accounting statement and other materials required by Consigner and Consignee. 

Article 33 In the duration of the contract,
if Borrower is engaged in major investment, shareholding reform, contracting, leasing, joint venture, merging, division, foreign
investment cooperation, paid property transfer and application for dissolution, and so on it should inform Consigner and Consignee
60 days in advance in written. 

Article 34 If Borrower requires to pay
off the loan ahead of time, it shall submit to Consignee the loan repayment application prior to _____days of planned payment date
and accept Consigner s written approval. 

Article 35 If Borrower requires for loan
extension, it shall submit to Consigner the application prior to 30 days before expiry of the loan and accept Consigner s
written approval. 

Article 36 Borrower should accept legal
status of the delegated agency entrusted by Consignee, and undertake all the obligations towards the delegated agency. 

Chapter V Default Liability  

Article 37 If Borrower uses the loan inappropriately,
Consigner has right to, in accordance with default amount and term, make  0.5   daily rate penalty as per Consigner s
written instruction and loan interest rate stipulated in the contract herein. 

Article 38 If Borrower fails to pay the
principal and interest of the loan as scheduled, Consignee has right to, in accordance with default amount and term, make  0.5  
daily rate penalty as per Consigner s written instruction and loan interest rate stipulated in the contract herein. 

Article 39 If Consignee fails to release
the loan according to agreed date and amount, Consigner has right to collect daily  0.5   default penalty. 

Article 40 In the duration of the contract,
the occurrence of any of the following events  shall be deemed   a default by Borrower under this contract, and Consignee
has right to stop releasing loan as per Consigner s written instruction, recover loan in advance or deduct the principal
and interest of the loan from Borrower s account without prior notice to Borrower, if Borrower  

1. fails to pay the principal
and interest of the loan as per the stipulation in the contract;  

  2. fails to use the loan as
agreed in the contract herein;  

  3. loan is expired and fails
to pay after Consignee s collection;  

  4.
fails to provide financial statement and other materials as required by Consigner and Consignee, or provide fake financial statements;  

  5.
involved in major litigation or arbitration proceedings and other legal proceedings;  

Article 41 If Consigner fails to pay for
procedure cost, guarantee, litigation and other costs as scheduled, Consignee has right to deduct directly relevant cost from Consigner s
account in Industrial and Commercial Bank of China or from the principal and interest paid by Borrower. 

Chapter VI Miscellaneous  

Article 42 Delivery. All the notice and
instructions under the contract should be delivered in written. If delivered in person or by letter, signing date should be regarded
as delivery date; through fax delivery, the date of receiving reply should be regarded as delivery date. 

Article 43 Modification and Termination
of the Contract. Once contract coming into force, if Consigner, Consignee, or Borrower wants to modify the terms of the contract,
modification could only occur when three parties reach a consensus after negotiation. If there is any guaranty for the loan under
this contract, written approval from Guarantor is required. 

Article 44 Disputes Settlement. Should
any disputes happen in the process of the contract, all parties shall resolve them through consultations. If no settlement is reached;
the following  (2) settlement  could be taken: 

(1) Arbitration commission gave arbitration
at _________ based on arbitration rule when the issue was submitted. 

 (2) Submitting to local People s
Court where Consignee lives. 

Article 45 Other items that Consigner,
Consignee and Borrower have agreed upon (this Article should not have conflicts with other articles and impact practical rights
and obligations between the parties.) 

1. Consigner, Consignee and Borrower
confirm collectively:    if Borrower fails or is not able to perform the obligation stipulated in the contract herein,
Consigner could institute a suit to People s Court in its own name.  

2. Consigner, Consignee and Borrower
confirm collectively:    after prudent consideration, three parties agree voluntarily that the contract is notarized and
given compulsory execution in notarial office in compliance with laws and stipulations from signing date of the contract. Consignee
recognizes all the matters that Consigner applies to handle by itself in relevance with applying for the issuing of certificates
(including but not limited to, make notarization application, performing notarization procedure, check the debt, signing notarization
documents, apply for prosecution from court, and so on) Three parties have a complete understanding of the definition, contents,
procedure and effectiveness of compulsory execution notarization and bring no disputes to the obligations stipulated in the contract.
Three parties agree collectively: if Borrower fails or is not able to perform the obligations, Consigner has right to apply for
compulsory execution certificate directly from notarization office, or apply for compulsory execution from People s Court
with jurisdiction, without implementing any issuing procedure; meanwhile, Borrower accepts compulsory execution from People s
Court voluntarily and gives up any counterpleading. The agreement hereof on compulsory execution of notarization prevails over
implementation in Article 45, Section 1.  

3. Consigner, Consignee and Borrower
agree and confirm:    Notice between three parties could be delivered by special messenger, certified mail, or express
mail, and so on Three parties confirm address stipulated in the contract herein could be the deliver address for the notice deliver
above.  Three parties confirm address stipulated in the contract herein could be delivery address for notarial certificate, arbitration
certificate, and court s litigation documents ; if not informing other parties in written of any change of the address
in the contract, the address is regarded unchanged; if notification, notarial certificate, arbitration certificate and litigation
documents are not received due to mistake of stipulated address or untimely informing of address change, the day the notification
or documents are rejected is regarded as delivery date during the delivery of the mail.  

Article 46 Unfinished Matters. Unfinished
matters should comply with laws, regulations and financial stipulations in People s Republic of China. 

Article 47 Contract Effectiveness. The
contract shall go into effect after signed by Consigner, Consignee and legal representative/ responsible person or the authorized
representative of the Borrower, and sealed with common seal and special seal for contract. The contract will be terminated automatically
after rights and obligations of all parties are fully realized/ performed. 

Article 48 Components of the Contract.
Any documents in relevance to the contract including General Authorized Agent Agreement for Entrusted Loan, receipts, supplementary
Articles of the loan contract modified by three parties shall be parts under this contract and have the same legal effect. 

Article 49 Copies of the Contract. This
contract shall be made in quintuplicate, having the same legal effect; Consigner holds two, each for Consignee, Borrower and notary
agency. 

This page hereafter is intentionally left
blank. 

This page is signing page of General Contract
of Entrusted Loan by and between  Hubei Asset Management Co., Ltd.,   Wuhan Jiang an Branch of Industrial   Commercial
Bank of China , and  Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd.  

Consigner: (Seal) Hubei Asset Management
Co., Ltd. 

 Legal Representative: (Signature) 

Consigner: (Seal) Wuhan Jiang an
Branch of Industrial   Commercial Bank of China 

 Responsible Person or Authorized agent:
(Signature) 

2016/9/30 

Borrower: (Seal) Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Co., Ltd. 

 Legal Representative: (Signature) 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 6
 v452608_ex10-15.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.15

Exhibit 10.15  

Trust Loan Contract  

Between  

China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd.  

And  

Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd.  

Contract No.:  [2016-MSJH-103-2] 

2016 

Trust Loan Contract  

Lender (Party A): China Minsheng Trust
Co., Ltd.   

Address: 19/F, Tower C, Minsheng Financial
Center, No. 28, Jianguo Mennei Road, Dongcheng District, Beijing 

Zip Code: 100005 

Legal Representative: Zhiqiang Lu 

Fax Number: 010-85259080 

Phone Number: 010-85259071 

Borrower (Party B): Wuhan Kingold Jewelry
Co., Ltd.    

Address: Te 15, Huangpu Science   Technology
Garden, Jiangan District 

Zip Code: 430023 

Legal representative: Zhihong Jia  

Fax Number: 027-65694977 

Phone Number: 027-65694977 

Whereas: 

1. Party A is a duly
incorporated trust company with good standing, and Party B is a duly incorporated limited liability company with good standing. 

2. According to [2016-MSJH-103-1]
China Minsheng Trust   Zhixin No. 255 Kingold Jewelry Loan Assembled Fund Trust Plan Trust Contract ( Trust Contract 
or  Trust Document ), Party A sets up China Minsheng Trust   Zhixin No. 255 Kingold Jewelry Loan Assembled Fund
Trust Plan ( Trust Plan ) and agrees the trust fund is used to issue loans to Party B. 

3. According to the
Trust Document, Party A plans to sign this Contract with Party B and issue a trust loan to Party B. 

The Contract is made
in line with relevant laws and regulations to specify the rights and obligations of both parties after reaching consensus through
consultation. 

Article 1 Definitions  

1. In the Contract (as
defined below), save where the context or text otherwise requires, the following words and expressions shall have the same meanings
in the Trust Document: 

1.1  Contract :
the Contract [2016-MSJH-103-2] Trust Loan Contract between China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. and Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd .
 and any other effective revisions and annexes. 

1.2  Issuance Date
of Loan:  for each allocation of trust loan, the date of issued loan by Party A to Party B, specified on the certificate of
indebtedness of loan regarding that allocation. If the first Issuance Date of Loan is inconsistent with the date of establishment
of the Trust Plan, or if any following Issuance Date of Loan is inconsistent with the date of successful funding of the fund corresponding
to this loan, the date of when the Trust Plan is set up or the corresponding following successful raising date of each fund allocation
is the Issuance Date of Loan. 

1.3  Expiration
Date of Loan : for each allocation of the trust loan, the expected expiration date of each trust loan, or the date of advanced
expiration of loan of each trust loan, or the date when the extending period of this loan ends. 

1.4  Interest Settlement
Date:  March 15, June 15, September 15, December 15 of each natural year and each Expiration Date of Loan. The Interest Settlement
Date cannot be extended. 

1.5  Interest Payment
Date : each Interest Settlement Date. If Interest Payment Date is not a business day, then it will be the next business day. 

1.6  Month :
for each allocation of trust loan, the period from the Issuance Date of Loan or corresponding date of the Issuance Date of Loan
(including that date; if there is no corresponding date of that month, then to be the last date of that month) to the corresponding
date of the Issuance Date of Loan of next month (excluding that date; if there is no corresponding date of that month, then to
be the last date of that month) is a loan Month for that allocation. The specific starting date and ending date should be the dates
on the certificate of indebtedness of that allocation. 

1.7  Year : for
each allocation of the trust loan, the 12 Month period since the Date of Loan is a loan Year for that allocation. 

1.8  Pledgor :
Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

1.9  Gold Pledge
Agreement : Gold Pledge Agreement between China Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. and Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd .  signed by
Party A and Pledgor [2016-MSJH-103-3]. 

1.10  Authorized
Subscription Contract of Trust Industry Security Fund : Authorized Subscription Contract of Trust Industry Security Fund [2016-MSJH-103-6]
signed by Party A and Party B. 

1.11  Yuan :
refers to the monetary unit of China, the Reminbi or RMB. 

1.12  China: 
Refers to the People s Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. 

Article 2 Amount
of Loan   

The amount of loan under
the Contract=1877.49kg*Au9995 closing price of Shanghai Gold Exchange on the day before the pledge date, not exceeding RMB 400,000,000,
in one allocation or multiple allocations. 

The specific amount
of each allocation of loan shall follow the amount specified on the certificate of indebtedness of loan.  

Article 3 Purpose
of Loan and Supervision  

3.1 Party B shall use
the loan for supplementary liquidity needs. 

Party B is not allowed
to change the purpose of loan without prior written consent of Party A. Party B is not allowed to use the loan for fixed investment
in assets and stock rights etc., securities market investment, land storage, and real estate development, projects prohibited by
any law, regulation, regulatory provision and national policy. 

3.2 Party B shall sign
a Fund Supervision Contract with Party A and a third party engaged by Party A to specify the post-loan management matters including
supervision of loan usage by fund supervisor. The details follow the Fund Supervision Contract. The Fund Supervision Contract will
be an annex to the Contract for both parties to comply with. 

3.3   Any
change to   the Fund Supervision Contract shall be confirmed by all parties in writing. For any request of fund usage
not corresponding to the Fund Supervision Contract, Party A or the third party engaged by Party A has the right to refuse the payment. 

Article 4 Life of
Loan  

4.1   The loan
under this Contract is issued in allocations. The life of loan of each allocation of loan is 12 Months, calculated since its respective
Issuance Date of Loan. 

4.2 Based on conditions
prescribed in the Contract, Party A shall have the right to announce that the loan or partial of the loan is due in advance. 

Article 5 Interest
Rate, Interest Calculation, Settlement of Interest, Payment of Interest and Penalty Interest  

5.1 Interest Rate 

The annual interest
rate of loan under the Contract is 7.6%. 

5.2 Interest Calculation 

Interest of each loan
under the Contract will calculated respectively starting from the Issuance Date of Loan. The interest of each loan is calculated
by day, with daily interest rate= monthly interest rate/30= yearly interest rate/360. For each loan, amount of loan interest due
every day = amount of loan balance on that date x [7.6]%/360. 

5.3 Interest Settlement 

Interest on the loan
under this Contract is calculated by using the Interest Settlement Date corresponding to each loan. The period is from loan issuance
date (inclusive) or the last Interest Settlement Date (inclusive) to this Interest Settlement Date (exclusive). The last interest
settlement date of each loan under this Contract is the Expiration Date of Loan. The principal should be paid off along with its
interest. 

5.4   Interest
Payment 

Party B shall make full
interest payment to Party A for each loan on each Interest Payment Date. If the loan is issued by allocations, each allocation
is calculated in following way and the interest is paid accordingly. 

Interest shall be paid
by Party B on every Interest Payment Date =   the loan balance every day from the Issuance Date of Loan (inclusive) or last
interest settlement date (exclusive) to the interest settlement date (exclusive)* [7.6]%/ 360 

5.5 Penalty Interest 

(1) If Party B changes
the purpose of loan, Party B should pay additional 100% interest based on the original interest rate starting from the date of
such change regarding the changed part. 

(2) If Party B fails to make loan
payments as scheduled, Party B shall pay additional 50% interest based on the original interest rate starting from the date of
such failure. If Party B fails to make interest payment as scheduled, Party B shall pay compound interest according to the 50%
penalty interest rate. 

(3) Original interest
rate refers to the applicable rate used prior to the Expiration Date of Loan (including accelerated maturity date or expiration
date for extension). 

(4) In case the payment
is overdue AND the purpose of loan has been changed, Party B shall pay the higher interest rate according to above provisions. 

Article 6 Issuance
of Loan  

6.1 Only after satisfying
the following prerequisites, Party A is in duty bound to issue a loan to Party B. 

(1) To issue the first loan, the
trust plan has been set; to issue each of following loans, the subscription of that trust unit is successful; 

(2) According to currently
effective laws, regulations, certificate of incorporations and other organizational documents, Party B, each Warrantor and others
have provided all necessary legal documents and legally valid internal/external approval and authorization documents, and submit
the list of persons with signature rights and the signature specimen of these persons; 

(3) The Contract, Contract
of Warranty, Fund Supervision Contract, Safekeeping Contract, Authorized Subscription Contract of Trust Industry Security Fund
and other transaction documents have been signed and taken affect; 

(4) Notarization of
compulsory execution of the Contract and Gold Pledge Agreement has been transacted; 

(5) Contract of Pledge
has been signed and taken affect and the pledged gold has been stored in a safe in Xingye Bank Ltd, Wuhan Branch, and has insured
the property insurance (mainly theft and robbery insurance) for the pledged gold in which Party A is the first beneficiary; 

(6) Until the issuance
date of the loan, all the statements and guarantees provided by Party B in Article 10 of this Contract are true, accurate and effective.
Party B s financial situation is basically similar with it when signs this Contract without any major adverse change; 

(7) Until the issuance
date of the loan, the issuance of the trust loan of Party A to Party B under the Contract does not violate all the laws and regulations; 

(8) Party B s
business operation status (including but not limited to its financial status) does not have any substantial changes which cause
any major adverse influence on the transaction under the Contrac;. 

(9) Any laws, regulations,
regulatory provisions, other regulatory documents or regulatory agencies do not limit or prohibit Party A to issue a loan to Party
B as described in the Contract; 

(10) Other requirements
by Party A. 

6.2   Within three
days since all conditions under Article 6.1 are met (unless Party A waives any or more of them), Party A should transfer each loan
to the following loan account opened by Party B. 

Bank Name: Bohai Bank,
Wuhan Branch 

 Account Number: 2002127680000268 

 Account Name: Wuhan
Kingold Jewelry Co., Ltd 

Article 7 Repayment

7.1 Principal of Repayment 

As for the loan under
the Contract, Party B shall repay interest first and then principal. Party A is entitled to use the payment of Party B to first
pay off all expenses which should be undertaken by Party B but are paid by Party A for Party B and expenses for Party A realizing
creditor s right. 

If the payment of Party
B is insufficient to pay off the payable amount of Party A (including but not limited to loan principal, interest, liquidated damages,
compensation for damage, expense for achieving the creditor s right and other expenses payable) under the Contract, Party
A is entitled to decide the sequence of refunding principal, interest and other expenses. 

7.2 Repayment of Principal
and Interest 

Party B shall pay the
interest according to the Article 5.4 in the Contract on each Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date of every loan
is the Expiration Date of Loan for such loan under the Contract and the principal should be paid along with the interest. 

7.3 Prepayment 

Party B could request
prepayment, but only after sending request in writing 30 days in advance to Party A and getting Party A s approval. If the
life of the loan of that month is less than 30 days, the loan interest is calculated basing on 30 days. 

Interest rate under
the Contract shall not change if Party B prepays. 

7.4 Party B shall transfer
the payment of principals and interests to the following account appointed by Party A: 

Bank Name: Bohai Bank,
Wuhan Branch 

 Account number: 3001005984001185 

 Account name: China
Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd  

Article 8 Warrant
of Loan  

8.1 All debts under
the Contract (including but not limited to all principals, interests, default interests, compound interests, liquidated damages,
compensation, all payments for creditor to realize the creditor s rights and other payments that Party B shall pay) are guaranteed
by the Pledgor in the following manners: 

(1) Pledge: Party B
provides pledge guarantee with its legally owned1860 pieces of gold with standard not lower than Au9995 (actual weight 1877.49kg).
The principal pledge rate is not higher than 70%. The details are specified in the Gold Pledge Agreement. 

8.2 For the details
about all warrant ways under Article 8.1, the Gold Pledge Agreement prevails. 

Article 9 Rights,
Obligations, Representations and Warranties of Party A  

9.1 Rights of Party
A 

(1) Party A is entitled
to require Party B to repay the principals, interests and expenses of the loan; 

(2). Party A is entitled
to require Party B to provide the most recent audited financial statements and all other relevant documents related to the loan
under the Contract;  

(3) Party A is entitled
to understand the production and management, financial activity of Party B; 

(4) Party A is entitled
to report to the authorities if Party B evades Party A s supervision, delays payment of loan principal and interest and conducts
other actions of breach of Contract; 

(5) Party A or its authorized
third party is entitled to collect payments that are not fully paid or timely paid by Party B via various communication channels.
The expenses resulted from such collection acts will be borne by Party B; 

(6) Party A or its authorized
third party is entitled to perform regular inspections on Party B s purchase agreements to check the matching status of the
actual purchase agreements and actual fund usage; 

(7) If any situation
happens as prescribed in Article 11 and Party A believes it may endanger creditor s rights under the Contract, or Party B
defaults under this Contract in any way, Party A is entitled to announce the loan is due in advance and require Party B to pay
all due principals and interests of the loan; 

(8) Party A s other rights entitled
by law, regulations and the Contract. 

9.2   Obligations
of Party A 

(1)   Issue the
loan on schedule based on the Contract, save the delay due to reason of Party B or other reasons not concerned about Party A; 

(2) Keep the financial
information and the commercial secrets about production and management provided by Party B in confidentiality, save the laws and
regulations otherwise require, or disclose according to regulatory department and administrative supervision department or disclose
to engaged third parties. 

9.3   Representations
and Warranties of Party A 

Representations and
Warranties of Party A are as follows: 

(1) It is a registered
trust company approved by China Banking Regulatory Commission and has the qualification to sign this Contract; 

(2) It is its real intention
to sign and perform the Contract. It has legally performed all necessary formalities for signing and performing the Contract. All
the procedures to sign and fulfill the Contract have been legally performed and are legally effective. 

(3) It issues trust
loan to Party B under the Trust Contract and its execution and enforcement of this Contract does not violate any of its obligations
under the Trust Contract. 

Article 10 Rights
and Obligations of Party B  

10.1 Rights of Party
B 

(1) Entitled to get
and use the loan according to the stipulated terms and loan usages of the Contract. 

(2) Entitled to require
Party A to keep the relevant financial information and commercial secrets about production and management provided by Party B in
confidentiality, save where laws, regulations or this Contract otherwise require or necessary disclosure to principals and beneficiaries
because Party A sets up the trust . 

10.2 Obligations of
Party B 

(1) Get the loan according
to stipulations of the Contract; 

(2) Per Party A s
requests, provide materials quarterly to Party A about financial accounting and production and management (depending on specific
situation of projects), including but not limited to the balance sheet, profit and loss statement, cash flow statement and financing
situation (all the banks with its accounts, accounts, balance situation, etc.), usage situation of loan fund, etc., provide operation
situation explanation according to Party A s requirement quarterly, including but not limited to the operation situation
of the major business, structure of revenue and profit sources, major investment and financing situation, status of addressing
major assets, and other information imposing significant implication on production and operation, provide last year s financial
statements to Party A by the end of April every year, and takes responsibility of the authenticity, legality, completeness and
validity of the foregoing provided documents; 

(3) Use the loan for
the purpose agreed in the Contract and do not forcibly occupy and misappropriate it or use it in any project that violates the
laws and regulations; 

(4) Actively cooperate
and consciously accept the investigation and supervision of Party A or its engaged third party on its production and management,
financial activity and loan utilization under the Contract; 

(5) Pay off principals
and interests of loan on schedule and pay other amounts due (if any) in accordance with the stipulations of the Contract; 

(6) Bear related expenses
under this Contract, including but not limited to insurance, evaluation, registration, safekeeping, appraisal, notarization and
other matters; 

(7) Party B and its
investors are not allowed to secretly withdraw funds or transfer assets to evade debts to Party A; 

(8) Before paying off
the principals and interests, it shall not, without Party A s consent, use the assets resulted from the loan to warrant for
a third party; 

(9) During the duration
of the Contract, it shall not provide any warrant to a third party without Party A s consent, shall not allocate its profits;
repayment of loans of Party A s shareholders shall not be done before the repayment of principal and interest of the loan
under this Contract; 

(10) Before any full
or partial transfer of debt to a third party, it shall get prior written consent of Party A; 

(11) During the duration
of the Contract, if Party B alters its name, legal representative, address, business scope and registered capital, it should notify
Party A in writing; 

(12) During the duration
of the Contract, in case Party B engages in contracting out business operation, lease, shareholding system transformation, joint
venture, merger, acquisition, separation, increase and decrease of capital, alternation of stock rights, transfer of material assets
or other acts of disposition which will impact the realization of Party A s credit, Party B shall notify Party A in writing
at least 30 days in advance for its consent and address the matters of payment and guaranty of the debt under the Contract according
to Party A s requirements; 

(13) In case Party B
suffers business halts, bankruptcy, dissolution, closure of business, cancellation of business license, and revocation, the Contract
is deemed to reach its expiration. Party B shall send a written notice to Party A within three days since the date of its occurrence
and repay all principals and interests immediately; 

(14) If any incident
causes danger to Party B s normal business or materially and adversely affect Party B s ability to fulfill its payment
obligation under the Contract, including but not limited to, material financial disputes, litigation, deterioration of financial
situation, serious hardship of production and operation, dissolution, closure of business, cancellation of business license, and
revocation, etc., Party B shall send a written notice to Party A within three days since the date of its occurrence and address
the matters of payment and guaranty of the debt under the Contract according to Party A s requirements; 

(15) Ensure all Warrantors
(if any) to work with Party A to sign Contracts of Warranty (if any) and go through relevant notarization and registration procedures; 

(16) In case the Warrantors
under the Contract suffers business halts, bankruptcy, dissolution, closure of business, cancellation of business license, revocation
or similar situations, and partly or fully loses the warrant ability corresponding to this loan, Party B shall promptly provide
Party A other warrant recognized by Party A; 

(17) Party B, without
any consent from Party A, shall not incur any kind of debt, investment or financing, including but not limited to, bank loan, trust
loan, merger loan, setting property trust, setting special asset earning right, share or share beneficiary investment and financing,
and other kinds of investment and financing activities; 

(18) During the term
of this Contract, Party B does not distribute dividends to shareholders; 

(19) Party B shall take
responsibility to Party A for the loss caused by breaching the Contract. 

10.3 Representations and Warranties
of Party B  

Representations and
warranties of Party B are as follows: 

(1) It is a legally
registered and validly existing business entity. Until the Issuance Date of Loan, it is in normal operation, and does not have
any current or reasonably expected factor which may cause it to be unable to keep the normal operation during the loan term; 

(2) It is its real intention
to sign and perform the Contract. It has legally performed all necessary formalities for signing and performing the Contract. These
conducts do not violate the certificate of incorporation or other organizational documents or any laws, regulations, charters and
other regulatory documents, judgments, contracts, commitments, or arrangements. All the procedures to sign and fulfill the Contract
have been legally performed and are legally effective; 

(3) All the documents,
materials, relevant financial statements and certificates provided to Party A for the loan under the Contract are true, correct,
complete, legally valid, and do not have any misleading statements, false record or material omission; 

(4) It does not conceal
any past actions or actions that may happen which might prevent the issuance of the loan under the Contract, including but not
limited to, 

1) serious illegal actions,
discipline incidents or material claims related to it or its person in charge; 

 3) any breach actions
related to contracts with other creditors; 

 2) litigations, arbitrations
and other disputes; 

 4) its debt and debt
guarantees; 

 5) other situations
that might influence its financial status or repayment ability. 

(5) It allows Party
A to investigate its credits from the credit data center approved and set up by People's Bank of China and its credit supervisor
department or relevant agencies, agrees Party A to disclose its information to the credit data center approved and set up by People's
Bank of China and its credit supervisor department, or reasonably use or disclose those credit information out of business needs; 

(6) Any existing legal
documents relevant to financing and/or guarantee (if any) do not include any terms that limit Party B s refinancing or providing
guarantee and do not affect Party B s application of trust loan to Party A under the Contract. 

Article 11 Responsibility of Default  

11.1 Default Situations 

(1) Party B shall take
the responsibility of default by law if any situation as follow happens: 

1) Fail to provide true,
complete and valid financial, accounting, operation status and other materials; conceal information that may affect its ability
to repay the loan; 

2) Fail to use the loan
for the purpose agreed in the Contract, refuse Party A s or its authorized third party s supervision over the usage
of the loan; 

3) Fail to pay loan
principal or any term of interest, or the loan principal or any term of interest under the Kingold Jewelry Loan Assembled Fund
Trust Plan Trust Contract [2016-MSDY-47-1] signed under China Minsheng Trust   Zhixin No. 173 Kingold Jewelry Loan Assembled
Fund Trust Plan on schedule, or fail to pay other amount payable (if any), or reach the closing level of the pledge under China
Minsheng Trust   Zhixin No. 173 Kingold Jewelry Loan Assembled Fund Trust Plan and the obligor hasn t supplemented
corresponding gold or cash to the level when pledged; 

4) Transfer assets or
withdraw funds to evade debt; 

5) Deterioration of
operation and financial conditions, failure to pay off due debt, involvement in serious litigation, arbitration or other legal
disputes or undertaking other debts happens and Party A believes it may affect or threaten its rights and benefits under the Contract; 

6) During the duration
of the Contract, conducting transactions such as contracting out business operation, lease, shareholding system transformation,
joint venture, merger, acquisition, separation, increase and decrease of capital, alternation of stock rights, and other actions
changing operating way or system which Party A believes may impact or have impacted Party A s rights under the Contract; 

7) Its other debts may
or have affected the fulfillment of obligations to Party A; 

8) Distribute dividend
without any consent from Party A during the duration of the Contract; 

9) Enter into legal
proceedings of custody, taken over, consolidation, settlement, reorganization, bankruptcy, or dissolution, or being cancelled business
license, or being ordered business closure, stop, revocation or dissolution; 

10) If Party B and/or
Warrantor has any situation that Party A believes material and disadvantageous, or violates any other project or contract with
Party A or other financial institution, Party A has the right to adopt the remedies under Article 11.2 under this Contract. If
the violation is serious, Party A has the right to terminate all projects cooperated with Party B; 

11) Other breaches of
the Contract or other circumstances that Party A believes may affect or threaten or have affected or threatened the realization
of Party A s rights and benefits under the Contract. 

(2) If any following
circumstances happens to the Pledgor that Party A believes may affect the warrant ability of the mortgagor (or the Pledgor) and
requires the mortgagor (or the Pledgor) to remove the adverse implication caused by it, but the Pledgor and Party B do not cooperate,
or Party B refuses to provide new warrant and/or other remedies approved by Party A, Party B is deemed to violate the contract: 

1) Upon signing the
Gold Pledge Agreement, the Pledgor concealed any situation that the rights associated with the pledge has been addressed, including
but not limited to, that the pledge has been rented, sold, the beneficial rights, operation rights or other rights have been transferred
by the Pledgor, the Pledgor/lessor has obtained long term rent in a lump-sum, or the Pledgor has already set up warrant, pledge
and other rights; 

2) The behavior of a
third party resulted in the damage, lost, or devaluation of the pledge, and the Pledgor fails to address the damages under the
pledge agreement; 

3) The Pledgor s
behavior will decrease the value of the pledge but refuses or fails to stop the action, restore its original situation or provide
any warrant upon Party A s request; 

4) Without any written
consent from Party A, the Pledgor gives, transfer, leases, repledges, transfer-pledges, moves the pledge, or addresses the pledge
in any other way or sets up other rights on the pledge; 

5) The Pledgor addresses
the pledge with Party A s consent, but fails to follow the Gold Pledge Agreement when handling the disposal price of the
pledge; 

6) The pledge is damaged,
lost or its value is reduced which affects the repayment of the debt under the Contract, and the pledgor does not restore its value
promptly, or provides other warrants recognized by Party A; 

7) The Pledgor fails
to transact notarization according to the Contract and the Gold Pledge Agreement; 

8) Other breach scenarios
under the Gold Pledge Agreement. 

11.2 Default Remedies 

Party A is entitled
to take one or more of the following measures if and of the abovementioned defaults happen: 

1) Stop issuing the
rest of the loan that has not been issued yet; 

2) Announce the payment
is due immediately, collect in advance those loans issued, and require Party B to repay all the loan principals, interests and
other payments under the Contract; 

3) Charge Party B the
liquidated damage which is 20% of the principal; 

4) Exercise guarantee
rights; 

5) Terminate the Contract
and other Contracts of Warranty (if needed); 

6) Other measures provided
by regulations, regulatory provisions and the Contract. 

11.3 Special Agreement 

Within 5 days since
the Loan Trust is set up, if Party B fails to fulfill relevant borrowing obligations under this Contract without any reasons, it
shall pay Party A liquidated damages of 3,000,000 Yuan and Party A has the right to terminate this Contract unilaterally. 

Article 12 Amendment
and Termination of Contract  

Upon the effectiveness
of the Contract, any party shall not alter or terminate the Contract unilaterally unless the Contract provides otherwise. Any amendments
or alterations shall be agreed by both parties in a written agreement. 

Article 13 Applicable
Laws and Dispute Resolutions  

13.1 Both parties shall
solve disputes arising from the Contract or related to the Contract by negotiation or settlement. In case no settlement can be
reached through negotiation, the parties shall submit the dispute to the people s court with jurisdiction in the domicile
of Party A. Unless otherwise specified in the judgment, the actual cost of the parties related to the suit (including but not limited
to court fees and reasonable attorneys' fees) shall be borne by the losing party. 

13.2 The agreement,
interpretation, performance and dispute resolution under the Contract are subject to laws and regulations of People s Republic
of China. 

13.3 During the period
of dispute resolution, Party A and Party B shall still perform the terms without disputes under the Contract. No party could refuse
to perform any of its obligations under the Contract. 

Article 14 Notarization
of Compulsory Execution  

14.1 Party A and Party
B confirm that, within three days of execution of the Contract, both parties will transact compulsory notarization of the Contract
at Beijing Fangzheng Notary Office. 

14.2 Party B hereby
commits that if it fails to fulfill or incompletely fulfills any of its obligations under the Contract, it is willing to receive
judiciary compulsory execution, without any judicial proceeding. Party A can directly apply for compulsory execution to people s
court with jurisdiction according to Article 238 of Civil Procedure. Party B waives right of defense for such application. 

14.3 Party A and Party
B confirm that both parties fully understand the meaning, content, procedure and effect of notarization of compulsory execution
proscribed by relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents. 

14.4 If Party B fails
to perform or inappropriately performs debt documents which has been notarized and have the compulsory execution effect, Party
A can apply for issuance of compulsory execution document to the notary office. Party B shall cooperate with the notary office
to complete the verification procedure. Party B commits to cooperate fully with the application by Party A (including but not limited
to the verification procedure with the completion of the notary office). If Party B fails to fulfill such obligation timely, Party
B hereby confirms: in the case of absence of Party B, after the notary, based on the notary application by Party A and its internal
procedure, completes the verification process, it deems to finish the verification process. Party B fully recognizes its legal
consequences. 

14.5 This Article has
priority to the Article 13.1. Party B shall bear the expense arising from application of compulsory notarization. 

Article 15 Notification
and Delivery  

15.1 All the notifications,
documents and materials sent or provided to each party because of execution of the Contract shall be delivered according to the
contact in the cover page. If the contact information of one party changes, it shall notify the other party in writing (fax or
express mail) within three workdays since the date of change. Otherwise, the notification from he party which does not change the
contact information to the other party by fax or express mail according to the contact information in this Contract is deemed to
be delivered. 

15.2 Contact information
of both parties: 

Party A:   China
Minsheng Trust Co., Ltd. 

 Mailing Address: 19/F,
Tower C, Minsheng Financial Center, No. 28, Jianguo Mennei Road, Dongcheng District, Beijing 

 Zip Code: 430023 

 Contact Person: You
Li 

 Phone Number: 18627822266 

 Fax Number: 010-85259080 

 Email: liyou@msxt.com 

Party B: Wuhan Kingold
Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

 Mailing Address: Te
15, Huangpu Science   Technology Garden, Jiangan District 

 Zip Code: 430023 

 Contact Person: Qiao
Hu 

 Phone Number: 113317109760 

 Fax Number: 027-65694977 

 Email: webmaster@kingold.com.cn 

15.3 Notification is
deemed to be delivered to the other party on the following date: 

(1) Personal delivery:
effectively delivered on the date when the designated person delivers it; 

(2) Registered letter
service: the third day after the mailing day (postmark as the proof) ; 

(3) Fax: when the confirmation
of successful delivery is created by the fax machine; 

(4) Express mail service:
the second day after postmark date; 

(5) Email: date stated
in the email system of successful delivery. 

Article 16 Supplementary
Provisions  

16.1 Any amendment of
the Contract as the attachment of the Contract has the equal legal effect with the Contract. 

16.2 The Certificate
of Indebtedness under the Contract and other relevant documents confirmed by both parties are indivisible component of the Contract. 

16.3 Party B has read
all the terms of this Contract. Per Party B s requirements, Party A has explained the relevant provisions under this Contract.
Party B has acknowledged and fully understood on the meaning of the Contract terms and the corresponding legal consequences. 

16.4 In the course of
performing this Contract, if Party A does not exercise or timely exercise any of its rights under this Contract, it shall not be
deemed to have waived such rights, and it does not affect the exercise of Party A s other rights and fulfillment of Party
B s obligations under this Contract. All waiver of rights shall be made in writing. 

16.5 Representations
and Warranties in the Contract are set out separately and independently. Except as otherwise expressly agreed in this Contract
or the parties otherwise agreed in writing, they will not be restricted by other terms in the Contract that may contain contrary
meanings. If a provision of this Contract or any part of a provision becomes invalid at present or in the future, this invalid
provision or the invalid part of the terms of the Contract does not affect the other terms of the Contract or the validity of other
content in the term. 

16.6 The agreements
in the Contract include Representations and Warranties specified in this Contract, and any violation of these Representations and
Warranties are treated as breach of Contract. 

16.7 Both parties shall
ensure that the Contract is fully executed by conducting and signing any further actions, incidents, documents, so the expected
purpose of this Contract could be fully achieved. 

16.8 The titles in the
Contract only serve as easy access to all the terms. Under no circumstances they shall be construed as an integral part of this
Contract, or as limitation of its terms of indication. 

16.9 The Contract is
the complete document on the matters covered by it agreed by both parties. This Contract, together with any attachments to this
Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties of this Contract. If any previously signed letter of intent, other
legal documents or other written and oral agreements are inconsistent with this Contract, this Contract shall prevail. 

16.10 The Contract is
effective on the day when it is signed and stamped by the legal representative or an authorized representative of each party and
shall terminate when all loan principals, interests, penalty interests, liquidated damages, damages compensation and all other
sums due (if any) are paid off. 

16.11 All six copies
of the original Contract have the same legal effect; three copies are possessed by Party A and one copy is possessed by Party B;
the remaining copies are for handling enforcement of notarization, pledge registration procedures, etc. 

Both parties have
read all terms of the Contract and have completely understood the meaning of Contract terms and corresponding legal consequences.
No party shall challenge any terms under the Contract on the any basis such as material misunderstanding or unconscionability.  

(Signature page follows) 

(This is the signature page of Trust Loan
Contract of No. 2016-MSJH-103-2 and has no content of contract) 

Party A: /s/ China Minsheng
Trust Co., Ltd. 

 Legal Representative/Authorized
Representative: /s/ Zhiqiang Lu 

Party B: /s/ Kingold
Jewelry Co., Ltd. 

 Legal Representative/Authorized
Representative: /s/ Zhihong Jia 

Contract signed on:
October 14, 2016 

 Contract signed in:
Dongcheng District of Beijing City 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 v452608_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  UNDER  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  

I, Zhihong Jia, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kingold Jewelry, Inc.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Zhihong Jia   

Zhihong Jia   

Date: November 14, 2016   

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and  
 Principal Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 v452608_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  UNDER  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT  

I, Bin Liu, certify that: 

1.           I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kingold Jewelry, Inc.; 

2.           Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report; 

3.           Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)           Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)           Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)           Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)           Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.           The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)           All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)           Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Bin Liu   

Bin Liu   

Date: November 14, 2016   

Chief Financial Officer and  
 Principal Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 v452608_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF  

  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of
Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant,
certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Zhihong Jia   

Zhihong Jia   

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and  
 Principal Executive Officer   

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being  filed 
as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not
be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except
to the extent that this Exhibit 32.1 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 v452608_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION  

  OF  

  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

In connection with this Quarterly Report of
Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant,
certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  
      The Report, to which this certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report.   

Date: November 14, 2016  
      /s/ Bin Liu   

Bin Liu   

Chief Financial Officer and  
 Principal Accounting Officer   

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and is not being  filed 
as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to liability under that section. This certification shall not
be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act except
to the extent that this Exhibit 32.2 is expressly and specifically incorporated by reference in any such filing.  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906 has been provided to the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 11
 v452608_ex99-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1

Exhibit 99.1  

KINGOLD JEWELRY REPORTS FINANCIAL RESULTS

FOR THE THIRD QUARTER AND NINE MONTHS
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

The Company Raises its Gold Processed
Guidance to Between 60 Tons and 65 Tons from Between 50 Tons to 60 Tons  

WUHAN
CITY, China, November 14, 2016 - Kingold Jewelry, Inc. ( Kingold  or  the Company ) (NASDAQ: KGJI),  one
of China's leading manufacturers and designers of high quality 24-karat gold jewelry, ornaments and investment-oriented products,
t oday  announced its unaudited  financial results for the third quarter and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 .   

2016 THIRD QUARTER
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (ALL RESULTS ARE COMPARED TO    PRIOR YEAR PERIOD )   

Net sales were $390.5 million, an increase of $126.8 million, or 48.1%, compared to $263.8 million. The increase in net sales
was primarily due to increased sales volume in the Company s branded gold product production.   

OUTLOOK FOR
2016   

Mr. Zhihong Jia, Chairman and CEO of the
Company, commented,  We were pleased to deliver strong operating results in the first nine months of 2016, as we took full
advantage of the increase in the gold price and growing gold demand in China. In the third quarter, we were more focused on corporate
developments to further increase our production capacity, design capability and sales marketing initiatives. We understand Kingold
operates in a capital-intensive industry, and sufficient free cash flow is a prerequisite for gold production Company to ensuring
quality and timely customer delivery to stay competitive. We feel this is a benefit of having the access to capital to leverage
our production and to remain our market leading position.  

2016
THIRD QUARTER OPERATIONAL REVIEW    

In the third quarter of 2016, the Company
processed a total of 20.6 metric tons of gold, of which branded production was 10 metric tons, representing 48.3% of total gold
processed, and customized production was 10.6 metric tons, representing 51.7% of total gold processed. In the third quarter of
2015, the Company processed a total of 13.5 metric tons, of which branded production was 7.8 metric tons, or 58.0% of the total
gold processed, and customized production was 5.7 metric tons, or 42.0% of total gold processed. 

*   
      Branded Production:   
      The Company acquires gold from the Shanghai Gold Exchange to produce branded products.   
 
      **   
      Customized Production:   
      Clients who purchase customized products supply gold to the Company for processing.   

2016 THIRD QUARTER
     FINANCIAL REVIEW   

Net Sales  

Net sales for the three months ended September
30, 2016 were $390.5 million, an increase of $126.7 million, or 48.1%, from net sales of $263.8 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015. Net sales increased primarily as a result of increase in total sales volume in amount of $84.7 million, the
increase in the average unit selling price for branded production in amount of $63.2 million, offset by approximately $17.1 million
of foreign currency translation loss. 

Net sales for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 were $1,063 million, an increase of $343.6 million, or 47.8%, from net sales of $719.4 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in net sales was primarily driven by increase in total sales volume in amount of $308.9 million,
the increase in the average unit selling price for branded production in amount of $91.5 million, partially offset the decreased
sales in customized production, and offset by approximately a $45.9 million foreign currency translation loss. 

Gross Profit   

 Gross profit for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $50.4 million, an increase of $34.9 million from $15.6 million for the same period in 2015. 

Gross profit for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $125.0 million, an increase of $96.2 million from $28.8 million for the same period in 2015. 

Gross Margin  

Gross margin for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was 12.9%, compared to 5.9% for the same period in 2015. The substantial increase in gross margin was because:
1) the unit price of branded production sales increased from RMB 206.7 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to
RMB 257.1 per gram in the same period of 2016; 2) the percentage increase of the unit price is smaller than the increase in the
sales as the unit cost of branded production increased from RMB 197.2 per gram for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to
RMB 227.6 per gram in the same period in 2016; 3) the Company purchased a significant quantity of gold in prior periods at relatively
low prices, making the production costs for three months ended September 30, 2016 much lower than normal. 

Gross margin for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was 11.8%, compared to 4.0% for the same period in 2015. The substantial increase in gross margin was because:
1) the unit price of branded production sales increased from RMB 212.5 per gram for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to
RMB 240.3 per gram in the same period of 2016; 2) the percentage increase of the unit price is smaller than the increase in the
sales as the unit cost of branded production increased from RMB 209.2 per gram for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to
RMB 215.3 per gram in the same period in 2016; 3) the Company purchased a significant quantity of gold in prior periods at relatively
low prices, making the production costs for nine months ended September 30, 2016 much lower than normal. 

Net Income   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, net income increased 79.3% to $15.7 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, based on 66.7 million weighted average diluted shares
outstanding, compared to $8.8 million for the same period in 2015, or $0.13 per diluted share, based on 66.0 million weighted average
diluted shares outstanding in the prior-year period. 

Net income for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 increased 218.9% to $50.7 million, or $0.76 per diluted share based on 66.3 million weighted average diluted
shares outstanding, compared to $15.9 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, based on 66.0 million weighted average diluted
shares outstanding in the same period of 2015. 

Balance Sheet
Highlights    

Net cash used in operating activities was
$726.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net cash used in operating activities of $34.0 million
for the same period in 2015. The significant increase in net cash used in operating was mainly due to purchase of inventory of
$817.8 million in anticipation of the increased production and sales demand when the Jewelry Park is completed which may stimulate
Kingold s sales starting from the second half 2016. In addition, in connection with the Company s significant bank
borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company was required to pledge significant of gold with the banks
as collateral, which also led the Company to increase the inventory purchases and stockpile. On the other hand, in connection with
the Jewelry Park Transfer Contract, the Company received net proceeds of $151.4 million cash payment from Wuhan Lianfuda for the
Jewelry Park transfer, such amount will be adjusted when the Company delivers the Jewelry Park to Wuhan Lianfuda in the near future.
The overall increase in cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is reflected in the above
mentioned factors. 

Kingold s net cash from operating
activities can fluctuate significantly due to changes in inventories (principally gold). Other factors that may vary significantly
include the Company s purchases of gold and income taxes. The Company expects that the net cash it generates from operating
activities will continue to fluctuate as the Company s inventories, receivables, accounts payables, and other factors described
above change with increased production and purchase of larger quantities of raw materials (principally gold). 

OUTLOOK FOR 2016   

Based on 2016 first nine months results,
its  existing resources and capacity (which includes the Company's recent proceeds from its
previously announced financing and gold lease agreements) along with strong demand for 24-karat gold products in China,  the
Company raised its guidance for gold processed  during 2016 from between 50 metric tons and
60 metric tons to between 60 metric tons and 65 metric tons.   

Investor
Conference Calls    

The Company has elected to discontinue
hosting live quarterly conference calls at this time. An open line of communication with investors and analysts remains a top priority
of the Company and management is readily available for discussions with investors on a one on one basis. Investors and analysts
wishing to speak with management are urged to contact the Company s investor relations representatives at The Equity Group
at  +86 10-6587-6435  or kyao@equityny.com. 

About Kingold Jewelry,
Inc.   

Kingold
Jewelry, Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), centrally located in Wuhan City, one of China's largest cities, was founded in 2002 and today is
one of China's leading designers and manufacturers of 24-karat gold jewelry, ornaments, and investment-oriented products. The Company
sells both directly to retailers as well as through major distributors across China. Kingold has received numerous industry awards
and has been a member of the Shanghai Gold Exchange since 2003. For more information, please visit  www.kingoldjewelry.com
 .  

Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements   

This
press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify these forward-looking statements by words such
as  expects,   believe,   project,   anticipate,  or similar expressions. The forward-looking
statements in this release include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Kingold s outlook with respect to its 2015
gold processing, expectations with respect to expansion into a higher margin, direct retail business through the online retail
store, expectations with respect to completion of construction of the Jewelry Park and planned grand opening, as well as its ability
to engage in presales and finance the remaining construction, and its expectations with respect to a long-term partnership with
Fosun. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, including those contained in Kingold's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov,
including Kingold's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Kingold undertakes no
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason.  

Company Contact   
 Kingold Jewelry, Inc.   
 Bin Liu, CFO  
 Phone: +1-847-660-3498 (US) / +86-27-6569-4977 (China)  

 bl@kingoldjewelry.com 
 
  INVESTOR RELATIONS   
 The Equity Group Inc.  
 Katherine Yao, Senior Associate  
 Phone: +86 10-6587-6435  
kyao@equityny.com 

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH
FLOWS  

  (IN US DOLLARS)  

  (UNAUDITED)  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 kgji-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 kgji-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 kgji-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 kgji-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 kgji-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 kgji-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

