<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161223_10-K_edgar_data_1133470_0001558370-16-010634_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14319473</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>315757</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>464780</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4813332</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4708216</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2507343</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>74</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010634.hdr.sgml : 20161223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161223162720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010634
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CALAVO GROWERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001133470
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE SERVICES [0700]
		IRS NUMBER:				330945304
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-33385
		FILM NUMBER:		162069187

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1141A CUMMINGS ROAD
		CITY:			SANTA PAULA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-525-1245

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1141A CUMMINGS ROAD
		CITY:			SANTA PAULA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93060

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010634.txt : 20161223

10-K
 1
 cvgw-20161031x10k.htm
 10-K

cvgw_Current Folio_10K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

[X]    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 

OR 

[   ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 000-33385 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (805) 525-1245 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Name Of Each Exchange  

Title of Each Class  

On Which Registered  

Common Stock, $0.001 Par Value per Share  

Nasdaq Global Select Market  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   

Yes [X]  No [] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  

Yes [ ]  No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X]  No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.0405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes [X]  No [  ] 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [X]     Accelerated filer  [ ]     Non-accelerated filer [ ]     Smaller reporting company [ ]  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes [ ] No [X] 

Based on the closing price as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates on April 30, 2016 (the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $866.3 million.  Shares of Common Stock held by each executive officer and director and by each shareholder affiliated with a director or an executive officer have been excluded from this calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.  This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.  The number of outstanding shares of the Registrant's Common Stock as of November 30, 2016 was 17,440,408. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which we intend to hold on April 26, 2017 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.  The definitive Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after October 31, 2016. 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of Calavo Growers, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (CG) may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions.  All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, any projections of revenue, margins, expenses, earnings, earnings per share, tax provisions, cash flows, currency exchange rates, the impact of acquisitions or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including execution of restructuring and integration plans; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on CG and its financial performance; any statements regarding pending investigations, claims or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the impact of macroeconomic trends and events; the competitive pressures faced by CG's businesses; the development and transition of new products and services (and the enhancement of existing products and services) to meet customer needs; integration and other risks associated with business combinations; the hiring and retention of key employees; the resolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes; and other risks that are described herein, including, but not limited to, the items discussed in "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of this report, and that are otherwise described or updated from time to time in CG's Securities and Exchange Commission reports. CG assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements  . 

. 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General development of the business 

Calavo Growers, Inc. (Calavo, the Company, we, us or our), is a global leader in the avocado industry and an expanding provider of value-added fresh food.  Our expertise in marketing and distributing avocados, prepared avocados, and other perishable foods allows us to deliver a wide array of fresh and prepared food products to food distributors, produce wholesalers, supermarkets, convenience stores, and restaurants on a worldwide basis.  We procure avocados principally from California and Mexico.  Through our various operating facilities, we (i) sort, pack, and/or ripen avocados, tomatoes and/or Hawaiian grown papayas, (ii) process and package fresh cut fruit and vegetables, salads, wraps, sandwiches, fresh snacking products and a variety of behind-the-glass deli items and (iii) produce and package guacamole and salsa.  We distribute our products both domestically and internationally and report our operations in three different business segments:  Fresh products, Calavo Foods and RFG.  See Note 11 in our consolidated financial statements for further information about our business segments.  Our principal executive offices are located at 1141-A Cummings Road, Santa Paula, California 93060; telephone (805) 525-1245.   

On October 9, 2001, we completed a series of transactions whereby common and preferred shareholders of Calavo Growers of California (the Cooperative), an agricultural marketing cooperative association, exchanged all of their outstanding shares for shares of our common stock.  Concurrent with this transaction, the Cooperative was merged into us with Calavo Growers, Inc. (Calavo) emerging as the surviving entity.  These transactions had the effect of converting the legal structure of the business from a non-profit cooperative to a for-profit corporation.    

In December 2014, Calavo formed a wholly owned subsidiary Calavo Growers De Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Calavo Growers de Mexico).  In July 2015, Calavo Growers de Mexico entered into a Shareholder Agreement with Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V., (Belo) a Mexican Company owned by Agricola Belher, and Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. (Don Memo). Don Memo, a Mexican corporation formed in July 2013, is engaged in the business of owning and improving land in Jalisco, Mexico for the growing of tomatoes and other produce and the sale and distribution of tomatoes and other produce.  Belo and Calavo Growers de Mexico have an equal one-half ownership interest in Don Memo.  Pursuant to a management service agreement, Belo, through its officers and employees, shall have day-to-day power and authority to manage the operations. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, we contributed $2.3 million and $1.0 million as investments in Don Memo. These investment contributions represent Calavo Growers de Mexico s 50% ownership in Don Memo, which is included in investment in unconsolidated entities on our balance sheet. In fiscal 2015 and 2014, we advanced $0.8 million and $3.2 million. These monies totaling $4.0 million, effectively a bridge loan, were repaid in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.   In January 2016, Calavo entered into an agreement with Bank of America, N.A. (BoA), essentially guaranteeing a loan made from BoA to Don Memo.  See footnote 12 to our consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2015, we entered into a Shareholder s Agreement with various partners which created Avocados de Jalisco, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (Avocados de Jalisco).  Avocados de Jalisco is a Mexican corporation created to engage in procuring, packing and selling avocados in Jalisco, Mexico.  This entity is approximately 80% owned by Calavo Growers de Mexico, a wholly owned subsidiary of Calavo, and is consolidated into our financial statements.  In the 3  rd   fiscal quarter of 2016, Avocados de Jalisco completed the construction of a packinghouse located in Jalisco, Mexico which is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2017.  We invested approximately $10.8 million to construct and equip this new packinghouse.   

In fiscal 2016, we expanded and refurbished our plant facilities in Houston, TX and Jacksonville, FL to add additional capacity and in-plant capabilities. We invested approximately $7.3 million into the Houston facility and $13.3 million into the Jacksonville facility.   

3 

Available information 

We maintain an Internet website at http://www.calavo.com.  Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other information related to us, are available, free of charge, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file those documents with, or otherwise furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Our Internet website and the information contained therein, or connected thereto, is not and is not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We have a code of ethics that applies to all employees, including our executive officers, as well as to the Board of Directors. Our code of ethics is available for review on our corporate website. We intend to disclose any changes in, or waivers from, this code by posting such information on the same website or by filing a Form 8-K, in each case to the extent such disclosure is required by rules of the SEC or NASDAQ. 

Fresh products 

Calavo was founded in 1924 to market California avocados.  In California, the growing area stretches from San Diego County to Monterey County, with the majority of the growing areas located approximately 100 miles north and south of Los Angeles County.  The storage life of fresh avocados is limited.  It generally ranges from one to four weeks, depending upon the maturity of the fruit, the growing methods used, and the handling conditions in the distribution chain. 

We sell avocados to a diverse group of supermarket chains, wholesalers, food service and other distributors, under the Calavo family of brand labels, as well as private labels.  From time to time, some of our larger customers seek short-term sales contracts that formalize their pricing and volume requirements.  Generally, these contracts contain provisions that establish a price floor and/or ceiling during the contract duration.  In our judgment, the shift by our customers to drafting sales contracts benefits large handlers like us, which have the ability to fulfill the terms of these contracts.  During fiscal year 2016, our 5 and 25 largest fresh customers represented approximately 15% and 36% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal year 2015, our 5 and 25 largest fresh customers represented approximately 18% and 39% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014 none of our fresh customers represented more than 10% of total consolidated revenues.  

The Hass variety is the predominant avocado variety marketed on a worldwide basis.  Generally, California grown Hass avocados are available year-round, with peak production periods occurring from April through August.  Other varieties have a more limited picking season and generally command a lower price.  Approximately 1,900 California growers deliver avocados to us, generally pursuant to a standard marketing agreement.  Our share of the California avocado crop approximated 28% of the 2016 shipped California avocado crop, based on data published by the California Avocado Commission.  We attribute our solid foothold in the California industry principally to the competitiveness of the per pound returns we pay and the communication and service we maintain with our growers. 

California avocados delivered to our packinghouses are grouped as a homogenous pool on a weekly basis based on the variety, size, and grade.  They are then graded, sized, packed, cooled and, frequently, ripened for delivery to customers. Our ability to estimate the size, as well as the timing of the delivery of the annual avocado crop, has a substantial impact on both our costs and the sales price we receive for the fruit. To that end, our field personnel maintain direct contact with growers and farm managers and coordinate harvest plans. The feedback from our field-managers is used by our sales department to prepare sales plans used by our direct sales force.  

A significant portion of our California avocado handling costs is fixed. As a result, significant fluctuations in the volume of avocados delivered have a considerable impact on the per pound packing costs of avocados we handle. Generally, larger crops will result in a lower per pound handling cost. We believe that our cost structure is geared to optimally handle larger avocado crops. Our strategy calls for continued efforts in aggressively recruiting new large growers, retaining existing growers, and procuring a larger percentage of the California avocado crop. 

4 

The proceeds we receive from the sale of each separate avocado pool, net of a packing and marketing fee to cover our costs and a profit, generate the initial amounts considered to be paid back to the growers once a month. The packing and marketing fee we withhold is determined by our Chief Executive Officer and is revised from time to time based on our estimated per pound packing and operating costs, as well as our operating profit. This fee is a fixed rate per pound packed.  These amounts are then compared to field quotes provided for each avocado pool, with the resulting final payment determined based on the field quotes to the growers.  

The California avocado market is highly competitive with nine major avocado handlers.  A marketing order enacted by the state legislature is in effect for California grown avocados and provides the financial resource to fund generic advertising and promotional programs.  Avocados handled by us are identifiable through packaging and the Calavo brand name sticker.   

We also import avocados from Mexico.  We typically purchase Mexican avocados from growers and packers located in Mexico. The purchase price we pay for fruit acquired from Mexican growers is generally negotiated for substantially all the fruit in a particular grove, by bloom.  The Mexican avocado crop will typically have three to four blooms in a single year. Once a purchase price is tentatively agreed to, the fruit is then harvested and delivered to our packinghouse located in Uruapan, Michoac n, Mexico. Purchased fruit is harvested and hauled by a number of subcontracted picking companies that we hire.     Once delivered, such fruit is weighed, graded, sized, packed, and cooled for shipment, primarily to the United States. Payment for such fruit can be changed from what was initially agreed to if the actual packout does not reach levels forecasted by the grower. Fruit purchased directly from unaffiliated third-party Mexican packers is used as a supplemental source and is packed to our standards for shipment to either our customers  or our operating facilities. In either case, the purchase price of Mexican avocados is generally based on our estimated selling prices of such fruit, less anticipated packing and/or selling costs and our desired margin. We believe these two current sources, in conjunction with the expected opening of our packinghouse in Jalisco, Mexico, allow us to maximize both the timely acquisition, as well as purchase price, of Mexican fruit. 

Similar to California avocados, a significant portion of our handling costs for Mexican avocados are fixed.  As a result, significant fluctuations in the volume of Mexican avocados delivered to our packinghouse can have a considerable impact on the per pound packing costs of avocados we handle.  Generally, larger crops will result in a lower per pound handling cost.  In fiscal year 2012, we completed an expansion of our Uruapan packinghouse.  This expansion more than doubled our capacity to handle Mexican avocados. We believe that our cost structure for Mexican avocados is geared to optimally handle larger avocado crops.   

We believe that our continued success in marketing Mexican avocados is largely dependent upon securing a reliable, high-quality supply of avocados at reasonable prices, and keeping the handling costs low as we ship the Mexican avocados to our packinghouses and distribution centers.  We are subject to USDA and other regulatory inspections to ensure the safety and the quality of the fruit being delivered from Mexico.  The Mexican avocado harvest is year round (though generally most significant from September to June).  As a result, it is common for Mexican growers to monitor year round the supply of avocados for export to the United States in order to obtain higher field prices.  During 2016, we packed and distributed approximately 16% of the avocados exported from Mexico into the United States and approximately 7% of the avocados exported from Mexico to countries outside of North America, based on our estimates. 

We have developed a series of marketing and sales initiatives primarily aimed at our largest customers that are designed to differentiate our products and services from those offered by our competitors.  Some of these key initiatives are as follows: 

We continue to have success with our ProRipeVIP  avocado ripening program.  This proprietary program allows us to deliver avocados ~evenly ripened to our customers  specifications.  We have invested in TasteTech Near Infrared (NIR) technology and equipment.  The most significant reason we invested in the TasteTech systems is because the NIR technology measures internal qualities of the entire piece of fruit, as opposed to competitive mechanical tests that use pressure and calculated averages to measure firmness.  We believe that ripened avocados help our customers address the consumers' immediate needs and accelerate the sale of avocados through their stores.  We currently have three TasteTech systems in use in the United States, which, we believe, can effectively meet our customers  demand for conditioned fruit.      

5 

We have developed various display techniques and packages that appeal to consumers and, in particular, impulse buyers.  Some of our techniques include the bagging of avocados and the strategic display of the bags within the produce section of retail stores.  Our research has demonstrated that consumers generally purchase a larger quantity of avocados when presented in a bag as opposed to the conventional bulk displays.  We also believe that the value proposition of avocados in a bag provides for a higher level of sales to grocery stores.     

Other perishable food products include various other fruit, such as tomatoes, papayas, and pineapples.  The majority of our other perishable food sales are generated from tomatoes and papayas.  Tomatoes are primarily handled on a consigned basis, while papayas are handled on a pooling basis, generally at a fixed fee per papaya delivered.  Sales of our diversified Fresh products generally experience fluctuations related to seasonality.  We believe our efforts in distributing our other various types of fruit complement our offerings of avocados.  

Calavo Foods 

The Calavo Foods segment was originally conceived as a mechanism to stabilize the price of California avocados by reducing the volume of avocados available to the marketplace.  In the 1960's and early 1970's, we pioneered the process of freezing avocado pulp and developed a wide variety of guacamole recipes to address the diverse tastes of consumers and buyers in both the retail and food service industries.  One of the key benefits of frozen products is their long shelf-life.  With the introduction of low cost processed products delivered from Mexican based processors, however, we realigned the segment's strategy by shifting the fruit procurement and pulp processing functions to Mexico.   

We utilize ultra-high pressure technology equipment, which is designed to protect and safeguard our avocado and guacamole products without the need of preservatives.  Using high pressure only, this procedure substantially destroys the cells of any bacteria that could lead to spoilage, food safety, or oxidation issues.  Once the procedure is complete, our packaged guacamole is cased and shipped to various retail, club, and food service customers throughout the markets we service in the U.S and abroad.  By fiscal year 2010, we had two ultra-high pressure machines into service.  These machines, which are located in Uruapan, pressurize all guacamole product lines, including all frozen products, which begun in fiscal 2010.  A 3rd ultra-high pressure machine, with a larger capacity, was put into service during our first fiscal quarter of 2012. We estimate that our actual capacity utilization for all three ultra-high pressure machines for fiscal 2016 to be approximately 90%.  In fiscal 2017, we expect to use a qualified co-packer to produce several of our retail and foodservice products. This co-packer will also use ultra-high pressure technology, similar to our existing production, and will be overseen by certain Calavo personnel.  We expect our selling capacity to increase materially through the use of this co-packer.  Net sales of our ultra-high pressure (fresh refrigerated) products, typically sold to retail customers, represented approximately 50% and 48% of total guacamole products within the Calavo Foods segment sales for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

Sales in the U.S. and Canada are made principally through a commissioned nationwide broker network, which is supported by our regional sales managers.  We believe that our marketing strength is distinguished by providing quality products, innovation, year-round product availability, strategically located warehouses, and market relationships.  During fiscal year 2016, our 5 and 25 largest processed product customers represented approximately 3% and 6% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal year 2015, our 5 and 25 largest processed product customers represented approximately 3% and 5% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014 none of our processed product customers represented more than 10% of total consolidated revenues. 

RFG 

Acquired in June of 2011, Renaissance Food Group, LLC (RFG) is a leader in the fast-growing refrigerated fresh packaged foods category.  RFG produces, markets, and distributes nationally a portfolio of healthy, high quality fresh packaged food products for consumers via the retail channel, including national and regional supermarkets, club stores, mass merchandisers, convenience stores, and specialty/natural retailers.  As a leader in refrigerated fresh packaged foods, RFG utilizes a network of company-operated and independently-operated USDA and organic certified fresh food facilities strategically located across the U.S.  These facilities allow RFG to offer national retailers high quality, refrigerated fresh foods that can be delivered within hours from time of production.  Consumer demand is high for   

6 

quality refrigerated fresh packaged foods and RFG s speed to market, product innovation and broad product range positions the Company well to serve retailers addressing this consumer trend.  RFG products include fresh prepared fruit and vegetables, fresh prepared entr e salads, wraps, sandwiches and fresh snacking products as well as ready-to-heat entrees and other hot bar and behind-the-deli glass meal and salad kits.  RFG products are marketed under the Garden Highway Fresh Cut, Garden Highway, and Garden Highway Chef Essentials as well as store-brand, private label programs. Backed by Calavo s resources, the business unit continues to expand its footprint in the retail grocery channel During fiscal year 2016, our 5 and 25 largest RFG product customers represented approximately 25% and 36% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal year 2015, our 5 and 25 largest RFG product customers represented approximately 23% and 33% of our total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal year 2016, RFG had one customer that represented more than 10% of total consolidated revenues.  During fiscal years 2015 and 2014, none of our RFG product customers represented more than 10% of total consolidated revenues.   

Sales and Other Financial Information by Business Segment and Product Category 

Sales and other financial information by business segment are provided in Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report. 

Patents and Trademarks 

Our trademarks include the Calavo and RFG brand name and related logos.  We also utilize the following trademarks in conducting our business: Avo Fresco, Bueno, Calavo Gold, Calavo Salsa Lisa, Salsa Lisa, Celebrate the Taste, El Dorado, Fresh Ripe, Select, Taste of Paradise, The First Name in Avocados, Tico, Mfresh, Maui Fresh International, Triggered Avocados, ProRipeVIP , Garden Highway Fresh Cut, Garden Highway, and Garden Highway Chef Essentials.   

Working Capital Requirements 

Generally, we make payments to our avocado growers and other suppliers in advance of collecting all of the related accounts receivable.  We generally bridge the timing between vendor payments and customer receipts by using operating cash flows and commercial bank borrowings.  In addition, we provide crop loans and other advances to some of our growers, which are also funded through operating cash flows and borrowings.   

Non-California sourced avocados and other perishable food products often require working capital to finance the payment of advances to suppliers and collection of accounts receivable.  These working capital needs are also financed through the use of operating cash flows and bank borrowings. 

With respect to our Calavo Foods business, we require working capital to finance the production of our processed avocado products, building and maintaining an adequate supply of finished product, and collecting our accounts receivable balances.  These working capital needs are financed through the use of operating cash flows and bank borrowings. 

Backlog 

Our customers do not place product orders significantly in advance of the requested product delivery dates.  Customers typically order perishable products two to ten days in advance of shipment, and typically order Calavo Foods within thirty days in advance of shipment. 

Research and Development 

Prior to the acquisition of RFG, we did not undertake significant research and development efforts. Research and development programs, if any, were limited to the continuous process of refining and developing new techniques to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of our Calavo Foods operations and the handling, ripening, storage, and packing of fresh avocados.  With the acquisition of RFG, however, we have increased research and development for new and improved products which is driven by customer requests, changes in product specifications, customer and market   

7 

research and/or innovative ideas generated by our own team of experts with food processing and culinary backgrounds.  We solicit customer and supplier input, review process and product trends and conduct sensory and shelf life testing, all to expand the category and drive new sales for our customers. In fiscal year 2014, with the consolidation of FreshRealm, we had an increased emphasis on research and development.  Much of the research and development for FreshRealm was on a re-usable shipping container, which includes designing and the testing of prototypes, testing packing efficiency, gathering consumer feedback, thermal research, and testing the longevity and reusability of the containers.  We deconsolidated FreshRealm in the third quarter of fiscal 2014.  Research and development costs are charged to expense when incurred.  Total research and development costs for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were insignificant. Total research and development costs for fiscal years 2014 were approximately $0.8 million.   

Compliance with Government Regulations 

The California State Department of Food and Agriculture oversees the packing and processing of California avocados and conducts tests for fruit quality and packaging standards.  All of our packages are stamped with the state seal as meeting standards.  Various states have instituted regulations providing differing levels of oversight with respect to weights and measures, as well as quality standards. 

As a manufacturer and marketer of processed avocado products, our operations are subject to extensive regulation by various federal government agencies, including the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the USDA and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), as well as state and local agencies, with respect to production processes, product attributes, packaging, labeling, storage and distribution. Under various statutes and regulations, these agencies prescribe requirements and establish standards for safety, purity and labeling.  In addition, advertising of our products is subject to regulation by the FTC, and our operations are subject to certain health and safety regulations, including those issued under the Occupational Safety and Health Act.  Our manufacturing facilities and products are subject to periodic inspection by federal, state and local authorities. 

As a result of our agricultural and food processing activities, we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern the treatment, handling, storage and disposal of materials and waste and the remediation of contaminated properties. 

We seek to comply at all times with all such laws and regulations and to obtain any necessary permits and licenses, and we are not aware of any instances of material non-compliance.  We believe our facilities and practices are sufficient to maintain compliance with applicable governmental laws, regulations, permits and licenses.   

Employees 

As of October 31, 2016, we had 2,096 employees, of which 681 were located in the United States and 1,415 were located in Mexico.  We do not have a significant number of United States employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement.  Approximately 1,250 of Calavo's Mexican employees are represented by a union. We consider the relationship with our employees to be good and we have never experienced a significant work stoppage.  

The following is a summary of the number of "salaried" and "hourly" employees as of October 31, 2016. 

8 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We are subject to increasing competition that may adversely affect our     operating results. 

The market for avocados and processed avocado products is highly competitive and affects each of our businesses.  Each of our businesses is subject to competitive pressures, including the following: 

California avocados are impacted by an increasing volume of foreign grown avocados being imported into the United States.  Recently, there have been significant plantings of avocados in Mexico, Chile, the Dominican Republic, Peru and other parts of the world, which have had, and will continue to have, the effect of increasing the volume of foreign grown avocados entering the United States market.       

California avocados are subject to competition from other California avocado handlers.  If we are unable to consistently pay California growers a competitive price for their avocados, these growers may choose to have their avocados marketed by alternate handlers.     

Non-California sourced avocados and perishable food products are impacted by competitors operating in Mexico.  Generally, handlers of Mexican grown avocados operate facilities that are substantially smaller than our facility in Uruapan, Mexico.  If we are unable to pack and market a sufficient volume of Mexican grown avocados, smaller handlers will have a lower per unit cost and be able to offer Mexican avocados at a more competitive price to our customers.     

Non-California sourced avocados and perishable food products are also subject to competition from other California avocado handlers that market Chilean and Peruvian grown avocados.       

We are subject to the risks of doing business internationally.    

We conduct a substantial amount of business with growers and customers who are located outside the United States.  We purchase avocados from foreign growers and packers, sell fresh avocados and processed avocado products to foreign customers, and operate a packinghouse and a processing plant in Mexico.  In the most recent years, there has been an increase in organized crime in Mexico.  This has not had a significant impact on our operations, but this does increase the risk of doing business in Mexico.   We are also subject to regulations imposed by the Mexican government, and also to examinations by the Mexican tax authorities.  Significant changes to these government regulations and to assessments by the Mexican tax authorities can have a negative impact on our operations and operating results in Mexico.  For additional information about our Mexican sourced fruit, see the "Business" section included in this Annual Report. 

Our current international operations are subject to a number of inherent risks, including: 

Local economic and political conditions, including disruptions in supply, trading and capital markets;      

Restrictive foreign governmental actions, such as restrictions on transfers of funds and trade protection measures, including export duties and quotas and customs duties and tariffs; and     

Changes in legal or regulatory requirements affecting foreign investment, loans, taxes (including value-added taxes), imports, and exports.     

Currency exchange fluctuations may impact the results of our operations.    

Currency exchange rate fluctuations, depending upon the nature of the changes, may make our domestic-sourced products more expensive compared to foreign grown products or may increase our cost of obtaining foreign-sourced products.  Because we do not hedge against our foreign currency exposure, our business has increased susceptibility to foreign currency fluctuations. 

We and our growers are subject to the risks that are inherent in farming.    

Our results of operations may be adversely affected by numerous factors over which we have little or no control and that are inherent in farming, including reductions in the market prices for our products, adverse weather and growing   

9 

conditions, pest and disease problems, and new government regulations regarding farming and the marketing of agricultural products. 

Our earnings are sensitive to fluctuations in market prices and demand for our products.    

Excess supplies often cause severe price competition in our industry. Growing conditions in various parts of the world, particularly weather conditions such as windstorms, floods, droughts and freezes, as well as diseases and pests, are primary factors affecting market prices because of their influence on the supply and quality of product.  

Fresh produce is highly perishable and generally must be brought to market and sold soon after harvest.  The selling price received for each type of produce depends on all of these factors, including the availability and quality of the produce item in the market, and the availability and quality of competing types of produce.  

In addition, general public perceptions regarding the quality, safety or health risks associated with particular food products could reduce demand and prices for some of our products. To the extent that consumer preferences evolve away from products that we produce for health or other reasons, and we are unable to modify our products or to develop products that satisfy new consumer preferences, there will be a decreased demand for our products.  

Increases in commodity or raw product costs, such as fuel, packaging, and paper, could adversely affect our operating results. 

Many factors may affect the cost and supply of fresh produce, including external conditions, commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, changes in governmental laws and regulations, agricultural programs, severe and prolonged weather conditions and natural disasters. Increased costs for purchased fruit have in the past negatively impacted our operating results, and there can be no assurance that they will not adversely affect our operating results in the future.  

The price of various commodities can significantly affect our costs. Fuel and transportation cost is a significant component of the price of much of the produce that we purchase from growers, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to pass on to our customers the increased costs we incur in these respects.  

The cost of paper is also significant to us because most of our products are packed in cardboard boxes. If the price of paper increases and we are not able to effectively pass these price increases along to our customers, then our operating income will decrease.  

We are subject to the risk of product liability claims. 

The sale of food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to consumers. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling or transportation phases. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image.  

We are subject to possible changing USDA and FDA regulations which govern the     importation of foreign avocados into the United States and the processing of     processed avocado products. 

The USDA has established, and continues to modify, regulations governing the importation of avocados into the United States. Our permits that allow us to import foreign-sourced avocados into the United States generally are contingent on our compliance with these regulations.  Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with existing and modified regulations and are unable to secure avocado import permits in the future. 

10 

The FDA establishes, and continues to modify, regulations governing the production of processed avocado products, such as the new Food Safety Modernization Act, which implements mandatory preventive controls for food facilities and compliance with mandatory produce safety standards.  Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to comply with these existing and modified regulations.   

If a transaction intended to qualify as a Section 1031 Exchange is later determined to be taxable, we may face adverse consequences, and if the laws applicable to such transactions are amended or repealed, we may not be able to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 

From time to time we may dispose of properties in transactions that are intended to qualify as tax deferred exchanges under Section 1031 (Section 1031 Exchanges). It is possible that the qualification of a transaction as a Section 1031 Exchange could be successfully challenged and determined to be currently taxable.  In addition, if a Section 1031 Exchange were later to be determined to be taxable, we may be required to amend our tax returns for the applicable year in question, including any information reports we sent our stockholders. Moreover, it is possible that legislation could be enacted that could modify or repeal the laws with respect to Section 1031Exchanges, which could make it more difficult or not possible for us to dispose of properties on a tax deferred basis. 

The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to our operating income.    

We intend to review acquisition prospects that would complement our business.  While we are not currently a party to any agreement with respect to any acquisitions, we may acquire other businesses in the future.  Future acquisitions by us could result in accounting charges, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, and increased debt and contingent liabilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our common stock.  Acquisitions entail numerous risks, including the integration of the acquired operations, diversion of management's attention to other business concerns, risks of entering markets in which we have limited prior experience, and the potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations.  We may be unable to successfully integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in the future, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and on the market price of our common stock. 

Our ability to competitively serve our customers is a function of reliable and     low cost transportation. Disruption of the supply of these services and/or     significant increases in the cost of these services could impact our operating income. 

We use multiple forms of transportation to bring our products to market.  They include ocean, truck, and air-cargo.  Disruption to the timely supply of these services or dramatic increases in the cost of these services for any reason including availability of fuel for such services, labor disputes, or governmental restrictions limiting specific forms of transportation could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers and consumers and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. 

We depend on our infrastructure to have sufficient capacity to handle our annual production needs. 

We have an infrastructure that has sufficient capacity for our production needs, but if we lose machinery or facilities due to natural disasters or mechanical failure, we may not be able to operate at a sufficient capacity to meet our production needs.  This could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could impact our results of operations and our financial condition. 

We depend on our key personnel and if we lose the services of any of these individuals, or fail to attract and retain additional key personnel, we may not be able to implement our business strategy or operate our business effectively.  

Our future success largely depends on the contributions of our management team. We believe that these individuals  expertise and knowledge about our industry and their respective fields and their relationships with other individuals in our industry are critical factors to our continued growth and success. We do not carry key person insurance. The loss of the services of any member of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business and   

11 

prospects. Our success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain additional qualified sales, marketing and other personnel.    

A portion of our workforce is unionized and labor disruptions could decrease our profitability. 

While we believe that our relations with our employees are good, we cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms, or at all, and without production interruptions, including labor stoppages. A prolonged labor dispute, which could include a work stoppage, could have a material adverse effect on the portion of our business affected by the dispute, which could impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.  

System security risks, data protection breaches, cyber-attacks and systems integration issues could disrupt our internal operations or services provided to customers, and any such disruption could reduce our expected revenue, increase our expenses, damage our reputation and adversely affect our stock price.  

Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate or compromise our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. In addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers that may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions.  

Portions of our IT infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers resulting from these disruptions have adversely affected in the past, and in the future could adversely affect, our financial results, stock price and reputation.  

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The value of our common stock may be adversely affected by market volatility.    

The trading price of our common stock fluctuates and may be influenced by many factors, including:  

Our operating and financial performance and prospects;      

The depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock;       

Investor perception of us and the industry and markets in which we operate;     

Our inclusion in, or removal from, any equity market indices;     

Changes in earnings estimates or buy/sell recommendations by analysts; and     

General financial, domestic, international, economic and other market conditions;     

Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from executing our growth strategy.  

The timing and amount of our working capital and capital expenditure requirements may vary significantly depending on many factors, including:  

Market acceptance of our products; and      

The existence of opportunities for expansion.     

12 

If our capital resources are not sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs, we may seek to sell additional equity or obtain additional debt financing.  The sale of additional equity would result in dilution to our shareholders.  Additional debt would result in increased expenses and could result in covenants that would restrict our operations.  With the exception of our existing credit facility, we have not made arrangements to obtain additional financing.  We may not be able to obtain additional financing, if required, in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, or at all.  

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties   

We lease our corporate headquarters building from Limoneira Company (Limoneira) located in Santa Paula, California.  In addition, RFG leases their corporate office in Ranch Cordova, California.  We have numerous facilities throughout the United States, and three facilities in Mexico.  See the following table for a summary of our locations:   

United States Locations: 

Packinghouses: 

Leased or Owned:  

City  

State  

Description  

Owned  

Santa Paula  

California  

Primarily handles California and Mexican avocados.  The facility was purchased in 1955 and has been improved in capacity and efficiency since then.  This facility operates substantially similar to our Temecula facility. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Owned  

Temecula  

California  

Primarily handles California and Mexican avocados.  The facility was built in 1985 and has been improved in capacity and efficiency since then.  This facility operates substantially similar to our Santa Paula facility.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

13 

Operating and Distributing Facilities: 

Leased or Owned:  

City  

State  

Description  

Owned  

Santa Paula  

California  

Primarily ripens, sorts, packs and ships fresh avocados. We sort and pack certain diversified commodities as well. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to pack and ripen, if necessary, its expected annual volume of avocados and specialty commodities delivered to us.  

Leased  

Swedesboro  

New Jersey  

Primarily ripens, sorts, packs, and ships avocados.  Additionally, it also serves to store and ship certain tropical commodities, as well as ready-to-eat/heat deli and prepared guacamole products. In 2016, we increased this facility s ripe room capacity by 50%, and doubled its bagging capacity. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Garland  

Texas  

Primarily ripens, sorts, packs and ships fresh avocados. Additionally, it also serves to store and ship prepared guacamole products as well.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Jacksonville  

Florida  

Opened in the first fiscal quarter of 2016, this facility ripens, sorts, packs and ships fresh avocados and stores and ships prepared guacamole. This facility also processes cut fruits and vegetables, salads, sandwiches, and wraps.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Nogales  

Arizona  

Primarily ripens, sorts, packs and ships, tomatoes, and other diversified commodities.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Hilo  

Hawaii  

Primarily sorts, packs, and ships papayas. We believe that the annual capacity will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Owned  

Hilo  

Hawaii  

Primarily provides irradiation services for produce grown in Hawaii. We believe that the annual capacity will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

St. Paul  

Minnesota  

CSL facility that produces salsa.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Houston  

Texas  

RFG facility that primarily processes cut fruits and vegetables, salads, sandwiches, and wraps. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

Leased  

Sacramento  

California  

RFG facility that primarily processes cut fruits and vegetables, salads, sandwiches, and wraps. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to handle its forecasted annual production needs.  

14 

Mexico Locations: 

Packinghouse and Processing Facility: 

Leased or Owned:  

City  

State  

Description  

Owned  

Uruapan  

Michoacan   

Our Calavo Foods processing facility produces our guacamole products.  While we believe this capacity is reasonable give our current sales, we are considering various plans to meet our future expected growth.  

Owned  

Uruapan  

Michoacan  

Handles avocados delivered to us by Mexican growers.  The facility was built in 1985 and has been significantly improved in capacity and efficiency since then. We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to process its forecasted annual production needs.  

Owned  

Ciudad Guzman  

Jalisco  

Construction of this packinghouse was completed in the third fiscal quarter of 2016, and is expected to be operational in calendar 2017.  We believe that the annual capacity of this facility will be sufficient to process its forecasted annual production needs.  

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

See Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements for further information. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The following table sets forth the name, age and position of individuals who hold positions as executive officers of our company. There are no family relationships between any director or executive officer and any other director or executive officer of our company. Executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board. 

Name  

Age  

Position  

Lecil E. Cole  

77  

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer   

Kenneth J. Catchot  

53  

Chief Operating Officer and President  

B. John Lindeman  

46  

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary  

Robert J. Wedin  

67  

Vice President, Sales and Fresh Marketing  

Alan C. Ahmer  

68  

Vice President, Processed Product Sales and Production  

Michael A. Browne  

58  

Vice President, Fresh Operations  

Lecil E. Cole   has been a member of our board of directors since February 1982 and has served as Chairman of the Board since 1988.  Mr. Cole has also served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since February 1999.  He served as an executive of Safeway Stores from 1964 to 1976 and as Chairman of Central Coast Federal Land Bank from 1986 to 1996.  Mr. Cole has served as Chairman and President of Hawaiian Sweet, Inc. and Tropical Hawaiian Products, Inc. since 1996.  Mr. Cole farms approximately 4,400 acres in California on which avocados and cattle are produced and raised. 

15 

Kenneth J. Catchot   has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since June 2015.    Mr. Catchot co-founded RFG in 2003 and has served as an officer of RFG since 2003. In January 2017, Mr. Catchot will resign as President and Chief Operating Officer.  Following Mr. Catchot s resignation, Mr. Cole will serve as our President in addition to continuing to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. 

B. John Lindeman   has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary since August 2015. Prior to joining Calavo, Mr. Lindeman served as Managing Director at Sageworth Trust Company.  Prior to joining Sageworth, Mr. Lindeman served as Managing Director at Janney Montgomery Scott from August 2009 to March 2015.   Prior to joining Janney, Mr. Lindeman served as Managing Director at Stifel Nicolaus from December 2005 to August 2009 and as Principal at Legg Mason from October 1999 to December 2005.  Prior to joining Legg Mason, Mr. Lindeman was Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 

Robert J. Wedin   has served as our Vice President since 1993.  Mr. Wedin joined us in 1973 at our then Santa Barbara packinghouse.  Beginning in 1990, Mr. Wedin served as a director of the California Avocado Commission for a period of ten years.  Mr. Wedin currently is a board member of Producesupply.org and serves as a member of that organization's executive committee. 

Alan C. Ahmer   has served as our Vice President since 1989.  Mr. Ahmer joined us in 1979 as a regional sales manager in our Calavo Foods business.  In September 2003, Mr. Ahmer s new title became Vice-President, Calavo Foods Sales and Production. 

Michael A. Browne   has served as our Vice President since 2005.  From 1997 until joining us, Mr. Browne served as the founder and co-owner of Fresh Directions International, a closely held multinational fresh produce company, which marketed fresh avocados from Mexico, Chile, and the Dominican Republic.  Mr. Browne joined us in May 2005. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

In March 2002, our common stock began trading on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "CVGW."  In July 2002, our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "CVGW" and currently trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

As of November 30, 2016, there were approximately 854 stockholders of record of our common stock, which includes shareholders whose shares were held in brokerage firms, depositories and other institutional firms in  street name . 

16 

Dividend Policy 

Our dividend policy is to provide for an annual dividend payment, as determined by the Board of Directors.  We anticipate paying dividends in the first quarter of our fiscal year.   

On December 8, 2016, we paid a $0.90 per share dividend in the aggregate amount of $15.7 million to shareholders of record on November 17, 2016.  

On December 8, 2015, we paid a $0.80 per share dividend in the aggregate amount of $13.9 million to shareholders of record on November 17, 2015.  

17 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following summary consolidated financial data (other than pounds information) for each of the years in the five-year period ended October 31, 2016, are derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Calavo Growers, Inc.   

Historical results are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected in any future period.  The following data should be read in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

(1) 

In July 2013, we entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of FreshRealm. When we deconsolidated FreshRealm (see below), principal operations had not yet commenced.  As a result, FreshRealm had no sales or cost of sales.  FreshRealm had incurred $1.0 million and $1.9 million of expenses related to its development as of October 31, 2014 and 2013, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.       

(2) 

In May 2014, we deconsolidated FreshRealm (see above). We recorded a gain on the deconsolidation of FreshRealm of $12.6 million, which has been recorded on the face of the income statement as other income.  In September 2016, we contributed an additional $1.6 million as an investment in FreshRealm.  Our total investment of $19.4 million in FreshRealm has been recorded as investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries on our balance sheet.      

(3) 

In July 2015, Calavo Growers de Mexico entered into a Shareholder Agreement with Belo a Mexican Company owned by Agricola Belher, and Don Memo. Don Memo, a Mexican corporation created in July 2013, is engaged in      

18 

the business of owning and improving land in Jalisco, Mexico for the growing of tomatoes and other produce and the sale and distribution of tomatoes and other produce.  In fiscal 2013, 2015 and 2016, we contributed $1.0 million, $1.0 million and $2.3 million as investments in Don Memo.  In fiscal 2014 and 2015, we advanced $3.2 million and $0.8 million. These monies totaling $4.0 million, effectively a bridge loan, were repaid in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had recorded such loans in prepaids and other current assets.     

(5) 

Selling, General, and Administrative expenses for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 include non-cash compensation expense related to the acquisition of RFG totaling $0.7 million, $0.3 million, and an insignificant amount.  These non-cash expenses will not continue into the future.       

(6) 

Included in accrued liabilities as of October 31, 2013 and 2012 is a non-cash, contingent consideration liability totaling $15.6 million and $11.2 million related to the acquisition of RFG.  This liability resolved during fiscal 2014 and will not continue in the future.       

19 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial     condition and results of operations together with "Selected Consolidated     Financial Data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto     that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report.  This discussion and analysis     contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and     assumptions.  Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in     these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, but     not limited to, those presented under "Risks related to our business" included in Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a leader in the distribution of avocados, prepared avocado products, and other perishable food products throughout the United States.  Our expertise in marketing and distributing avocados, prepared avocados, and other perishable foods allows us to deliver a wide array of fresh and prepared food products to food distributors, produce wholesalers, supermarkets, and restaurants on a worldwide basis.  We procure avocados principally from California and Mexico.  Through our various operating facilities, we (i) sort, pack, and/or ripen avocados, tomatoes and/or Hawaiian grown papayas, (ii) process and package fresh cut fruit and vegetables, salads, wraps, sandwiches, fresh snacking products and a variety of behind-the-glass deli items and (iii) produce and package guacamole and salsa.  We report our operations in three different business segments:  (1) Fresh products, (2) Calavo Foods and (3) RFG.  See Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 

Our Fresh products business grades, sizes, packs, cools, and ripens (if desired) avocados for delivery to our customers.  During fiscal 2016, we operated two packinghouses and four operating and distributing facilities that handle avocados across the United States. These packinghouses handled approximately 28% of the California avocado crop during the 2016 fiscal year, based on data obtained from the California Avocado Commission.  Our operating results are highly dependent on the volume of avocados delivered to our packinghouses, as a significant portion of our costs are fixed.  Our strategy calls for continued efforts to retain and recruit growers that meet our business model.  Additionally, our Fresh products business also procures avocados grown in Mexico, as well as other various perishable foods, including tomatoes and papayas.  Based on our estimates, we handled approximately 16% of the Mexican avocado crop bound for the United States market and approximately 7% of the avocados exported from Mexico to countries outside of North America during the 2015-2016 Mexican season through the operation of our packinghouse in Mexico and fruit purchased from co-packers. Our strategy is to increase our market share of currently sourced avocados to help meet anticipated demand. We believe our diversified avocado sources provide a level of supply stability that may, over time, help solidify the demand for avocados among consumers in the United States and elsewhere in the world.  We believe our efforts in distributing our other various perishable foods, such as those mentioned above, complement our offerings of avocados.  From time to time, we continue to explore distribution of other crops that provide reasonable returns to the business. 

Our Calavo Foods business procures avocados, processes avocados into a wide variety of guacamole products, and distributes the processed product to our customers.  All of our prepared avocado products shipped to North America are  cold pasteurized  and include both frozen and fresh guacamole.  Due to the long shelf-life of our frozen guacamole and the purity of our fresh guacamole, we believe that we are well positioned to address the diverse taste and needs of today s customers.  Additionally, we also prepare various fresh salsa products.  Our Calavo Foods segment maintains relationships with foodservice companies and food retailers.  We continue to seek to expand our relationships with major foodservice companies and food retailers and develop alliances that will allow our products to reach a larger percentage of the marketplace. 

Net sales of frozen products represented approximately 50% and 52% of total processed segment sales for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Net sales of our refrigerated products represented approximately 50% and 48% of total processed segment sales for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

Our RFG business produces, markets and distributes nationally a portfolio of healthy, high quality fresh packaged food products for consumers via the retail channel.  RFG products include fresh prepared fruit and vegetables, fresh prepared entr e salads, wraps, sandwiches and fresh snacking products as well as ready-to-heat entrees and other hot bar   

20 

and behind-the-deli glass meal and salad kits.  RFG products are marketed under the Garden Highway Fresh Cut, Garden Highway, and Garden Highway Chef Essentials as well as store-brand, private label programs. 

The operating results of all of our businesses have been, and will continue to be, affected by quarterly and annual fluctuations and market downturns due to a number of factors, such as pests and disease, weather patterns, changes in demand by consumers, the timing of the receipt, reduction, or cancellation of significant customer orders, the gain or loss of significant customers, market acceptance of our products, our ability to develop, introduce, and market new products on a timely basis, availability and cost of avocados and supplies from growers and vendors, new product introductions by our competitors, change in the mix of avocados and Calavo Foods and RFG products we sell, and general economic conditions.  We believe, however, that we are currently positioned to address these risks and deliver favorable operating results for the foreseeable future. 

Recent Developments  

Dividend Payment 

On September 27, 2016, the Company declared a $0.90 per share cash dividend to shareholders of record on November 17, 2016.  On December 8, 2016, the Company paid this cash dividend which totaled $15.7 million.  

Houston and Jacksonville Facilities 

In fiscal 2016, we expanded and refurbished our plant facilities in Houston, TX and Jacksonville, FL to add additional production capacity and in-plant capabilities. We invested approximately $7.3 million into the Houston facility and $13.3 million into the Jacksonville facility. 

Mexico tax audits 

We conduct business internationally and, as a result, one or more of our subsidiaries files income tax returns in U.S. federal, U.S. state and certain foreign jurisdictions.  Accordingly, in the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities, primarily in Mexico and the United States.  During our third quarter of fiscal 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Calavo de Mexico ( CDM ), received a written communication from the Ministry of Finance and Administration of the government of the State of Michoacan, Mexico ( MFM ) containing preliminary observations related to a fiscal 2011 tax audit of such subsidiary.  MFM s preliminary observations outline certain proposed adjustments primarily related to intercompany funding, deductions for services from certain vendors/suppliers and Value   Added Tax ( VAT ).  During our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, we provided a written rebuttal to MFM s preliminary observations   and requested the adoption of a conclusive agreement before the PRODECON (Local Tax Ombudsman) so that a full discussion of the case between us, the MFM and the PRODECON can occur and so that, as appropriate, the MFM can reconsider their findings.  Note that until such discussion occurs, the normal period during which the MFM would issue its final assessment (previously expected no later February 2017) has been suspended.  Though a formal meeting date has not yet been determined, the discussion between us, the MFM and the PRODECON is expected to start in calendar 2017. 

Additionally, we also received notice from Mexico's Federal Tax Administration Service, Servicio de Administracion Tributaria (SAT), that our wholly-owned Mexican subsidiary, Calavo de Mexico, is currently under examination related to fiscal year 2013.  Under Mexican law, the SAT has u  ntil approximately March 2017 to complete their review.     In conjunction with their examination, the SAT has requested information though no formal findings have yet been received. 

We believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters is unlikely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position. 

From time to time, we are also involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business that we do not believe will have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.  

21 

Critical Accounting Estimates  

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we re-evaluate all of our estimates, including those related to the areas of customer and grower receivables, inventories, useful lives of property, plant and equipment, promotional allowances, income taxes, retirement benefits, and commitments and contingencies.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  Additionally, we frequently engage third party valuation experts to assist us with estimates described below.  Actual results may materially differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions as additional information becomes available in future periods. 

Management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to critical accounting estimates in this Annual Report. 

We believe the following are the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Promotional allowances.    We provide for promotional allowances at the time of sale, based on our historical experience.  Our estimates are generally based on evaluating the relationship between promotional allowances and gross sales.  The derived percentage is then applied to the current period s sales revenues in order to arrive at the appropriate debit to sales allowances for the period.  The offsetting credit is made to accrued liabilities.  When certain amounts of specific customer accounts are subsequently identified as promotional, they are written off against this allowance.  Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and such differences are recognized as an adjustment to net sales in the period they are identified.  A 1% change in the derived percentage for the entire year would impact results of operations by approximately $0.7 million. 

Income taxes.      We account for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns.  Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws.  In the event the future consequences of differences between financial reporting bases and tax bases of our assets and liabilities result in a deferred tax asset, we perform an evaluation of the probability of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such asset.  A valuation allowance related to a deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions, and the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions.  If we ultimately determine that the payment of these liabilities will be unnecessary, the liability will be reversed and we will recognize a tax benefit during the period in which it is determined the liability no longer applies.  Conversely, we record additional tax charges in a period in which it is determined that a recorded tax liability is less than the ultimate assessment is expected to be.  

The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty.  Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings.  Therefore, the actual liability for U.S. or foreign taxes may be materially different from management s estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities.  

Goodwill and acquired intangible assets  .  Goodwill, defined as unidentified asset(s) acquired in conjunction with a business acquisition, is tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below the operating segment.  Goodwill impairment testing is a   

22 

two-step process.  The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.  If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired, and the second step of the impairment test would be unnecessary.  If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.  The second step of the goodwill impairment test, used to measure the amount of impairment loss, compares the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill.  If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss must be recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  Goodwill impairment testing requires significant judgment and management estimates, including, but not limited to, the determination of (i) the number of reporting units, (ii) the goodwill and other assets and liabilities to be allocated to the reporting units and (iii) the fair values of the reporting units.  The estimates and assumptions described above, along with other factors such as discount rates, will significantly affect the outcome of the impairment tests and the amounts of any resulting impairment losses.  We performed our annual assessment of goodwill and determined that no impairment existed as of October 31, 2016. 

Allowance for accounts receivable  .  We provide an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable balances based on historical experience and the aging of the related accounts receivable.  If the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required.  

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth certain items from our consolidated statements of income, expressed as percentages of our total net sales, for the periods indicated: 

Net Sales 

We believe that the fundamentals for our products continue to be favorable.  Firstly, United States (U.S.) avocado demand continues to grow, with per capita use in 2015/16 reaching 6.9 pounds per person, up 7 percent from the previous year, and approximately double the estimate of a decade ago. We believe that the healthy eating trend that has been developing in the United States contributes to such growth, as avocados, which are cholesterol and sodium free, are dense in fiber, vitamin B6, antioxidants, potassium, folate, and contain unsaturated fat, which help lower cholesterol.  Also, a growing number of research studies seem to suggest that phytonutrients, which avocados are rich in, help fight chronic illnesses, such as heart disease and cancer.  

Additionally, we believe that the demographic changes in the U.S. will impact the consumption of avocados and avocado-based products.  The Hispanic community currently accounts for approximately 18% of the U.S. population, and the total number of Hispanics is estimated to double by the year 2050.  Avocados are considered a staple item purchased by Hispanic consumers, as the per-capita avocado consumption in Mexico is significantly higher than that of the U.S.   

23 

We anticipate avocado products will further penetrate the United States marketplace driven by year-round availability of fresh avocados due to imports, a rapidly growing Hispanic population, and the promotion of the health benefits of avocados.  As one of the largest marketers of avocado products in the United States, we believe that we are well positioned to leverage this trend and to grow our Fresh products and Calavo Foods segments of our business.  Additionally, we also believe that avocados and avocado based products will further penetrate other marketplaces that we currently operate in, as interest in avocados continues to expand. 

In October 2002, the USDA announced the creation of a Hass Avocado Board to promote the sale of Hass variety avocados in the U.S. marketplace.  This board provides a basis for a unified funding of promotional activities based on an assessment on all avocados sold in the U.S. marketplace.  The California Avocado Commission, which receives its funding from California avocado growers, has historically shouldered the promotional and advertising costs supporting avocado sales.  We believe that the incremental funding of promotional and advertising programs in the U.S. will, in the long term, positively impact average selling prices and will favorably impact our avocado businesses.  During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, on behalf of avocado growers, we remitted approximately $2.4 million, $1.7 million and $1.7 million to the California Avocado Commission.  During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we remitted approximately $8.2 million, $8.3 million and $7.1 million to the Hass Avocado Board related to avocados.  

We also believe that our diversified fresh products, primarily tomatoes and papayas, are positioned for future growth.   

The tomato is the fourth most popular fresh-market vegetable (though a fruit scientifically speaking, tomatoes are more commonly considered a vegetable)  behind potatoes, lettuce, and onions in the United States. Although stabilizing in the first decade of the 2000s, annual average fresh-market tomato consumption remains well above that of the previous decade. Over the past few decades, per capita use of tomatoes has been on the rise due to the enduring popularity of salads, salad bars, and submarine sandwiches. Perhaps of greater importance has been the introduction of improved and new tomato varieties, heightened consumer interest in a wider range of tomatoes, a surge of new immigrants who eat vegetable-intensive diets, and expanding national emphasis on health and nutrition.  

Papayas have become more popular as the consumption in the United States has more than doubled in the past decade.  Papayas have high nutritional benefits. They are rich in anti-oxidants, the B vitamins, folate and pantothenic acid; and the minerals, potassium and magnesium; and fiber. Together, these nutrients promote the health of the cardiovascular system and also provide protection against colon cancer. 

Additionally, through the acquisition of RFG, we substantially expanded and accelerated the Company s presence in the fast-growing refrigerated fresh packaged foods category through an array of retail product lines for produce, deli, and foodservice departments.  RFG products include fresh prepared fruit and vegetables, fresh prepared entr e salads, wraps, sandwiches and fresh snacking products as well as ready-to-heat entrees and other hot bar and behind-the-deli glass meal and salad kits.  RFG products are marketed under the Garden Highway Fresh Cut, Garden Highway, and Garden Highway Chef Essentials as well as store-brand, private label programs. 

24 

The following tables set forth sales by product category and sales incentives, by segment (dollars in thousands): 

Net sales to third parties by segment exclude inter-segment sales and cost of sales.  For fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014, inter-segment sales and cost of sales of $4.3 million, $1.5 million and $2.2 million between Fresh products and RFG were eliminated. For fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014, inter-segment sales and cost of sales of $2.7 million, $1.9 million and $1.7 million between Calavo Foods and RFG were eliminated. 

25 

The following table summarizes our net sales by business segment: 

Summary 

Net sales for the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to 2015, increased by $78.9 million, or 9.2%.  The increase in sales, when compared to the same corresponding prior year periods, is related to growth from all segments.  

For fiscal year 2016, our largest percentage increase in sales was RFG, followed by our Fresh products segment and our Calavo Foods segment, as shown above.  Our increase in RFG sales was due primarily to increased sales from fresh prepared food and fresh-cut fruit and vegetable products.  Our increase in Fresh product sales was due primarily to increased sales of California avocados and tomatoes, partially offset by decreased sales of Mexican avocados. We experienced an increase in our Calavo Foods segment during fiscal year 2016, which was due primarily to an increase in the sales of our salsa products.  See discussion below for further details. 

All three segments of our business are subject to seasonal trends which can impact the volume and/or quality of fruit sourced in any particular quarter. 

Net sales to third parties by segment exclude value-added services billed by our Uruapan packinghouse and our Uruapan processing plant to the parent company.  All intercompany sales are eliminated in our consolidated results of operations. 

Fresh products 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

Net sales delivered by the Fresh products business increased by approximately $38.0 million, or 7.6%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to fiscal 2015.  As discussed above, this increase in Fresh product sales during fiscal 2016 was primarily related to increased sales of California avocados and tomatoes, partially offset by decreased sales of Mexican avocados. See details below. 

Sales of California sourced avocados increased $50.0 million, or 50.6%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same prior year period.  The increase in California sourced avocados was primarily due to an increase of 34.0 million pounds of avocados sold, or 45.0%. We attribute most of this increase in volume to the larger California avocado crop in fiscal 2016, compared to the same prior year period. In addition to this increase in pounds sold, is an increase in the sales price per carton.  The sales price per carton for California sourced avocados increased by approximately 3.9%.  We attribute much of this change in price to a lower overall supply of avocados in the market during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. 

26 

Sales of tomatoes increased to $36.0 million for the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to $18.7 million for the same period for fiscal 2015.  The increase in sales of tomatoes is due to an increase in cartons sold of approximately 1.1 million cartons or 62.9%.  In addition, tomatoes experienced an increase in the sales price per carton of approximately 18.2%, most notable during our fiscal first quarter, primarily resulting from a change in weather patterns. 

Partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in sales of Mexican sourced avocados, which decreased $22.6 million, or 6.2%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same prior year period.  The decrease in Mexican sourced avocados was primarily due to a decrease in pounds sold of Mexican sourced avocados, which decreased approximately 26.7 million pounds or 8.8%. This decrease is primarily due to supply disruptions in July and October which stalled the harvesting of avocados for the entire industry.   

Sales of Peruvian sourced avocados decreased $5.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to the same period for fiscal 2015.  We chose not to sell Peruvian sourced avocados in fiscal 2016.  

We anticipate that sales volume of California grown avocados will decrease in fiscal 2017, due to a smaller expected California avocado crop.  We anticipate that sales of Mexican grown avocados will increase in fiscal 2017, when compared to the same prior year period.   

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

Net sales delivered by the Fresh products business increased by approximately $29.8 million, or 6.3%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to fiscal 2014.  As discussed above, this increase in Fresh product sales during fiscal 2015 was primarily related to increased sales of Mexican and Peruvian sourced avocados, partially offset by decreases in sales of California and Chilean sourced avocados, papayas, pineapples, and tomatoes. See details below. 

Sales of Mexican sourced avocados increased $39.3 million, or 12.0%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period. The increase in Mexican sourced avocados was primarily due to an increase in the pounds sold, which increased by approximately 51.3 million pounds of avocados sold, or 20.1%, when compared to the same prior year period. Partially offsetting this increase in pounds sold, however, is a decrease in the sales price per carton.  The sales price per carton for Mexican sourced avocados decreased by approximately 6.7%.  We attribute much of this change to a higher supply of avocados in the market. 

Sales of Peruvian sourced avocados increased to $5.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2015, compared to $0.8 million for the same period for fiscal 2014.  The increase in Peruvian sourced avocados was primarily due to an increase in the pounds sold, which increased by approximately 5.2 million pounds.  

Partially offsetting such increases was a decrease in sales of California sourced avocados, which decreased $3.7 million, or 3.6% for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period.  The decrease in California sourced avocados was primarily due to a decrease in the sales price per carton, which decreased approximately 5.0%.  Partially offsetting this decrease, however, was an increase pounds sold.  California sourced avocados sales reflect an increase in 1.1 million pounds of avocados sold, or 1.5%, when compared to the same prior year period.  

Sales of Chilean sourced avocados decreased $3.0 million, or 97.4%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period.  The decrease in Chilean sourced avocados was primarily due to the Company s decision to focus more heavily on sourcing avocados from other growing regions outside the US, namely Mexico and Peru.  As a result, Chilean sourced avocados sales reflect a decrease in 2.7 million pounds of avocados sold, when compared to the same prior year period.  In addition, we have liquidated our unconsolidated subsidiary Calavo Chile, which further caused the above decrease.  

Partially offsetting these increases were decreases in sales of pineapples, papayas and tomatoes. Sales of papayas decreased $2.7 million, or 23.9%, sales of pineapples decreased $2.7 million, or 52.9% and sales of tomatoes decreased $1.0 million, or 5.2%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2014. The decrease in sales for pineapples, papayas, and tomatoes are primarily due to decreases in the number of cartons sold.  We   

27 

attribute all of these decreases in cartons sold due primarily to weather related issues effecting the quality and quantity of the fruit. 

Calavo Foods 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

Sales for Calavo Foods for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2015, increased $1.3 million, or 2.2%.  This increase is primarily due to an increase in sales of salsa products of approximately $1.4 million, or 66.8%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same prior year period. The increase in sales of salsa was primarily related to an increase in overall pounds sold.   

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

Sales for Calavo Foods for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2014, increased $2.9 million, or 4.9%.  This increase is due to an increase in sales of prepared guacamole products which increased approximately $2.3 million, or 3.9%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period.  The increase in sales of prepared guacamole was primarily related to an increase in overall pounds sold, which increased 0.7 million pounds, or 2.8%.  In addition, sales of salsa products increased approximately $0.6 million, or 41.3%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period.  The increase in sales of salsa was primarily related to an increase in overall pounds sold, which increased 0.4 million pounds, or 47.8%. 

RFG 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

Sales for RFG for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2015, increased $39.5 million, or 13.5%.  This increase is due primarily to increased sales from fresh prepared food and fresh-cut fruit and vegetable products. The overall increase in sales is primarily due to an increase in sales volume, which we believe results from an increase in demand for the variety of innovative and convenient products that we offer, as well as our ability to expand retail relationships by providing high-quality, fresh foods solutions from our growing national production footprint.   

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

Sales for RFG for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2014, increased $41.7 million, or 16.5%.  This increase is due primarily to increased sales from cut fruit and deli products, as well as an increase in sales of cut vegetables.  The overall increase in sales is primarily due to an increase in sales volume, partially offset by a decrease in the sales price per unit. Collectively, cut fruit, cut vegetable, and deli product sales increased 8.8 million units, or 31.2%.  We believe the overall increase in sales volume is primarily due to an increase in demand for the variety of innovative products that we offer.   

28 

Gross Margins 

The following table summarizes our gross margins and gross margin percentages by business segment: 

Summary 

Our cost of goods sold consists predominantly of fruit costs, packing materials, freight and handling, labor and overhead (including depreciation) associated with preparing food products and other direct expenses pertaining to products sold.  Gross margins increased by approximately $22.3 million, or 26.2%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2015.  These increases were attributable to gross margin increases across the Fresh products and Calavo Foods segments, partially offset by a decrease in our RFG segment. 

Note that RFG s Cost of Sales for fiscal 2014, includes a non-cash compensation expense related to the sale/acquisition of RFG totaling $1.8 million.   

Fresh products 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

During fiscal 2016, as compared to the same prior year period, the increase in our Fresh products segment gross margin percentage was the result of increased margins for Californian and Mexican sourced avocados. For the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to the same prior year period, the gross margin percentage for California sourced avocados increased from a loss of -1.6% in 2015 to a margin of 9.0% in 2016.  For fiscal 2016, we were able to effectively manage our fruit costs during select periods within the year and better leverage our fixed handling costs. For the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to the same prior year period, the gross margin percentage for Mexican sourced avocados increased from 9.6% in 2015 to 11.7% in 2016.  For fiscal 2016, we were able to manage fruit cost for Mexican sourced avocados effectively. In addition, the U.S. Dollar to Mexican Peso exchange rate continued to strengthen in fiscal 2016. Note that any significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Mexican Peso may have a material impact on future gross margins for our Fresh products segment.  

The gross margin and/or gross profit percentage for consignment sales are dependent on the volume of fruit we handle, the average selling prices, and the competitiveness of the returns that we provide to third-party growers/packers.  The gross margin we earn is generally based on a commission agreed to with each party, which usually is a percent of the overall selling price.  Although we generally do not take legal title to such products prior to sale, we do assume responsibilities (principally assuming credit risk, inventory loss and delivery risk, and pricing risk) that are consistent with acting as a principal in the transaction.  Accordingly, our results of operations include sales and cost of sales from the sale of products procured under consignment arrangements. For the year ended October 31, 2016 we generated gross margins of $4.2 million from consigned tomato sales, up 107% from $2.0 million in the corresponding prior year period. This improvement in tomato gross margins, is due to an overall increase in tomato sales, which increased $17.3 million   

29 

for the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to the same period for fiscal 2015.  The increase in sales of tomatoes is due to an increase in cartons sold of approximately 1.1 million cartons or 62.9%. In addition, tomatoes experienced an increase in the sales price per carton of approximately 18.2%, most notable during our fiscal first quarter, primarily resulting from a change in weather patterns.  Gross margins of Peruvian sourced avocados decreased $0.5 million for the year ended October 31, 2016, compared to the same period for fiscal 2015.  We chose not sell Peruvian sourced avocados in fiscal 2016. 

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

During fiscal 2015, as compared to the same prior year period, the increase in our Fresh products segment gross margin percentage was primarily the result of increased margins for Mexican sourced avocados that increased from 8.1% in fiscal 2014 to 9.6% in fiscal 2015.  In the current year, we were able to manage the spread between the sales price and the fruit cost of Mexican sourced avocados more effectively, as average fruit costs decreased 8.3%, we were able to have the decrease in sales prices to be only approximately 6.7%.  In addition, the U.S. Dollar to Mexican Peso exchange rate strengthened in fiscal year 2015, more significantly compared to fiscal year 2014.  Note that any significant fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Mexican Peso may have a material impact on future gross margins for our Fresh products and Calavo Foods segments.  

Partially offsetting this increase in gross margin percentage was a decrease in the gross margin percentage for California sourced avocados for fiscal 2015, as compared to the same prior year periods.  This decrease was primarily related to increased fruit cost, in the form of higher grower returns vs. the related selling prices.  We believe this is primarily due to California avocado sales prices decreasing for prolonged periods of time during fiscal 2015.  This declining market negatively impacted gross margins. 

The gross margin and/or gross profit percentage for consignment sales, including certain Peruvian avocados, Chilean avocados, tomatoes and pineapples, are dependent on the volume of fruit we handle, the average selling prices, and the competitiveness of the returns that we provide to third-party growers/packers.  The gross margin we earn is generally based on a commission agreed to with each party, which usually is a percent of the overall selling price.  Although we generally do not take legal title to such avocados and perishable products, we do assume responsibilities (principally assuming credit risk, inventory loss and delivery risk, and pricing risk) that are consistent with acting as a principal in the transaction.  Accordingly, our results of operations include sales and cost of sales from the sale of avocados and perishable products procured under consignment arrangements.  For fiscal year 2015 we generated gross margins of $3.0 million from consigned sales. This is consistent for consigned sales compared to previous year.  Sales of Peruvian sourced avocados increased to $5.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2015, compared to $0.8 million for the same period for fiscal 2014.  The increase in Peruvian sourced avocados was primarily due to an increase in the pounds sold, which increased by approximately 5.2 million pounds. Sales of Chilean sourced avocados decreased $3.0 million, or 97.4%, for the year ended October 31, 2015 when compared to the same prior year period.  The decrease in Chilean sourced avocados was due to a decrease in pounds sold.  Chilean sourced avocados sales reflect a decrease in 2.7 million pounds of avocados sold when compared to the same prior year period.  This decrease in sales is due to the high availability of other avocado sources, and an increased focus on Mexican and California sourced avocados for the year ended October 31, 2015.  In addition, we have liquidated our unconsolidated subsidiary Calavo Chile, which further caused the above decrease. Sales of tomatoes decreased to $18.7 million for the year ended October 31, 2015, compared to $19.7 million for the same period for fiscal 2014.  The decrease in sales for tomatoes is due to a decrease in the sales price per carton, which decreased 7.2%.  We believe this decline in the sales price per carton is due to the higher supply of tomatoes in the marketplace. 

Calavo Foods 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

The Calavo Foods segment gross margin percentage during our year ended October 31, 2016 increased to 35.4%, compared to the same prior year period gross margin percentage of 33.0%.  This increase was primarily due to (i) lower guacamole production costs resulting from the U.S. Dollar to Mexican Peso exchange rate strengthening by approximately 18% for the year ended October 31, 2016, as compared to the same period year period and (ii) lower salsa   

30 

production costs.  Note that any significant fluctuation in the cost of fruit used in the production process or the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Mexican Peso may have a material impact on future gross margins for our Calavo Foods segments.  

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

The Calavo Foods segment gross margin percentage during our year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period, increased primarily due to a decrease in fruit costs. Fruit costs decreased during our year ended October 31, 2015, by approximately 36.1%. In addition, the U.S. Dollar to Mexican Peso exchange rate strengthened for the year ended October 31, 2015, as compared to the same period year period.   Note that any significant fluctuation in the cost of fruit used in the production process or the exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar and the Mexican Peso may have a material impact on future gross margins for our Calavo Foods segments 

RFG 

Fiscal 2016 vs. Fiscal 2015: 

RFG s decreased gross margin percentage for the year ended October 31, 2016, is due in part to the lingering effects of adverse weather conditions (related to El Nino) that impacted certain fruit and vegetable growing regions and caused reduced raw material availability, increased raw material prices, and reduced processing yields in our first fiscal quarter of 2016 and to a lesser extent in our second fiscal quarter of 2016. Similar to the Calavo Foods segment, RFG often has agreed upon pricing with many of their customers. Note that any significant fluctuation in raw material availability, price and/or quality may have a material impact on future gross margins for our RFG segment.   

RFG invested throughout fiscal year 2016 by expanding its production facilities and adding capabilities to meet growing customer demand. Certain expenses associated with the start-up and initial optimization of those facilities temporarily reduced gross margin percentage in the year ended October 31, 2016. 

Fiscal 2015 vs. Fiscal 2014: 

RFG s improved gross-margin is reflective of certain economies of scale resulting from significant sales growth (see discussion above), improved labor utilization and improved raw-material quality and yield. Benefits from superior fruit quality/yield extend beyond just lower fruit costs, but also reduce other costs, including the labor needed to process such fruit.  Sales for RFG for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same period for fiscal 2014, increased $41.7 million, or 16.5%.   

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative expenses include costs of marketing and advertising, sales expenses and other general and administrative costs.  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $4.9 million, or 11.7%, for the year ended October 31, 2016, when compared to the same prior year period.  This increase was primarily related to higher corporate costs, including, but not limited to, general and administrative costs related to salaries (approximately $2.5 million), accrued management bonuses (approximately $1.3 million), insurance (approximately $0.6 million), depreciation (approximately $0.3 million), and employee benefits (approximately $0.2 million), partially offset by a decreases in administration fees (approximately $0.4 million) and legal fees (approximately $0.2 million). 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $5.0 million, or 13.5%, for the year ended October 31, 2015, when compared to the same prior year period.  This increase was primarily related to higher corporate costs, including,   

31 

but not limited to, general and administrative costs related to salaries (approximately $1.7 million), stock-based compensation expense (approximately $1.4 million), a write-down of contingent consideration related to Salsa Lisa (approximately $0.5 million), legal/consulting fees (approximately $0.4 million), promotion and advertising (approximately $0.3 million), data processing (approximately $0.3 million), consulting fees (approximately $0.3 million), workers compensation (approximately $0.3 million), employee benefits (approximately $0.2 million), and other admin fees (approximately $0.2 million), partially offset by a decrease in the start-up operations of FreshRealm (approximately $1.0 million) and accrued management bonuses (approximately $0.6 million). 

Contingent Consideration Related to RFG Acquisition 

RFG s former owners received the maximum earn-out payment permitted pursuant to the acquisition agreement in fiscal 2014. This caused the significant increase in contingent consideration for fiscal 2014.    There was no contingent consideration expense for fiscal year 2016 and 2015.   There   will be no future expenses related to this acquisition.   See the 2014 fiscal year Consolidated Financial Statement for more information. 

Interest Income 

Interest income was primarily generated from our loans to growers.  The increase in interest income in fiscal 2016 as compared to 2015 is due to the borrowings by California avocado growers increasing in the current year compared to the prior year. 

The decrease in interest income in fiscal 2015 as compared to 2014 is due to the borrowings by California avocado growers decreasing in the current year compared to the prior year. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense is primarily generated from our line of credit borrowings, as well as our term loan agreements with Farm Credit West, PCA (FCW) and Bank of America, N.A. (BoA). For fiscal 2016, as compared to fiscal 2015, the decrease in interest expense was primarily related to the payoff of our term loans with FCW and BoA, and the lower average outstanding balance on our non-collateralized, revolving credit facility. 

For fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014, the decrease in interest expense was primarily related to a lower average outstanding balance on our non-collateralized, revolving credit facilities. 

32 

Other Income, Net 

Other income, net includes dividend income, as well as certain other transactions that are outside of the normal course of operations.  Other Income stayed relatively consistent in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and 2014.  During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we received $0.3 million as dividend income from Limoneira.   

Provision (benefit) for Income Taxes 

For fiscal year 2016, our provision for income taxes was $21.9 million, as compared to $16.1 million recorded for the comparable prior year period.   

For fiscal year 2015, our provision for income taxes was $16.1 million, as compared to a benefit of $3.9 million recorded for the comparable prior year period.  The prior year benefits for income taxes are primarily attributable to the revaluation adjustment related to contingent consideration  .   

The benefit for income taxes of $3.9 million in fiscal year 2014 is attributable to the revaluation adjustment of $88.1 million related to contingent consideration which was spread between fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2011.   The prior year revaluation expense drove pre-tax book income into a loss position, thus causing a benefit for income taxes as this revaluation adjustment is capitalized and amortized as goodwill over the remaining useful life for income tax purposes resulting in a taxable income position for the prior year.   

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 

The noncontrolling interest for Salsa Lisa is recorded at the greater of the noncontrolling interest balance adjusted for the attribution of loss or the amount redeemable pursuant to the buyout process contained in the amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Calavo Salsa Lisa LLC. For fiscal 2016, we recorded an adjustment of $486,000 to increase the noncontrolling interest balance to the currently expected redeemable amount of $771,000. This adjustment has been included in net loss attributed to noncontrolling interest. See Note 2 in our consolidated financial statements for further information.   

33 

Quarterly Results of Operations 

The following table presents our operating results for each of the eight fiscal quarters in the period ended October 31, 2016.  The information for each of these quarters is derived from our unaudited interim financial statements and should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report.  In our opinion, all necessary adjustments, which consist only of normal and recurring accruals, have been included to fairly present our unaudited quarterly results.  Historically, we receive and sell a substantially smaller volume of California avocados in our first fiscal quarter.   

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Operating activities for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 provided cash flows of $62.0 million, $37.3 million, and $24.5 million.  Fiscal year 2016 operating cash flows reflect our net income of $38.5 million, net increase of noncash charges (depreciation and amortization, income from unconsolidated entities, provision for losses on accounts receivable, interest on deferred compensation, excess  tax benefit from stock based compensation, deferred income taxes, and stock compensation expense) of $13.0 million and a net increase from changes in the non-cash components of our working capital accounts of approximately $10.5 million. 

Fiscal year 2016 increases in operating cash flows, caused by working capital changes, includes an increase in payable to growers of $18.1 million, an increase in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses of $7.6 million, a decrease in income tax receivable of $6.2 million, an increase in deferred rent of $1.7 million, and a decrease in other assets of $0.6 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $11.5 million, an increase in inventory of $5.5 million, an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $5.1 million and an increase in advances to suppliers of $1.6 million. 

The increase in payable to our growers primarily reflects an increase in fruit prices for Mexican fruit delivered in the month of October 2016, as compared to the month of October 2015. The increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses is primarily related to increase in fruit or other related cost, and an increase in our accrual for management incentives. The decrease in income tax receivable and the increase in income taxes payable primarily reflects the tax impact of the current year s net income. The increase in deferred rent is due to the new lease in Jacksonville Florida. The decrease in other assets is primarily due to the collection of infrastructure through the settlement process of advances to our tomato growers Agricola Belher. The increase in our accounts receivable, as of October 31, 2016 when compared to October 31, 2015, primarily reflects higher sales recorded in the month of October 2016, as compared to October 2015. The increase in our inventory balance is primarily related to an increase in Mexico avocado inventory on hand at October 31, 2016 and higher fruit prices, as compared to the same prior year period. The net increase in our prepaid assets and other assets is due   

34 

primarily to an increase in our Mexican IVA tax receivable in fiscal 2016. The increase in our advances to suppliers is primarily related to an increase in preseason advances to our grower Agricola Belher. 

Cash used in investing activities was $21.7 million, $21.1 million, and $21.8 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014.  Fiscal year 2016 cash flows used in investing activities include capital expenditures of $21.8 million of property, plant and equipment items for expansion projects in the RFG and Fresh products segments and an additional investment in Agricola Don Memo of $2.3 million, an additional investment in FreshRealm of $1.6 million, partially offset by proceeds received from the repayment of the loan to Agricola Don Memo of $4.0 million. 

Cash used in financing activities was $33.6 million, $15.8 million and $4.1 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014.  Cash used during fiscal year 2016 primarily related to the payment of a dividend of $13.9 million, payments on our credit facilities totaling $17.9 million, payments on long-term obligations of $2.2 million and deferred financing costs of $0.1 million, partially offset by the excess of the tax benefit of stock based compensation of $0.4 million and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $0.1 million. 

Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash reserves, cash generated from operations and amounts available for borrowing under our existing credit facilities.  Cash and cash equivalents as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled $13.8 million and $7.2 million.  Our working capital at October 31, 2016 was $25.6 million, compared to $19.0 million at October 31, 2015.   

We believe that cash flows from operations and the available Credit Facility will be sufficient to satisfy our future capital expenditures, grower recruitment efforts, working capital and other financing requirements for the next twelve months.  We will continue to evaluate grower recruitment opportunities, expanded relationships with retail and club customers, and exclusivity arrangements with food service companies to fuel growth in each of our business segments.  In June 2016, we entered into a new unsecured, revolving credit facility   with Bank of America as administrative agent and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Inc. as joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner, and Farm Credit West, as joint lead arranger.   Under the terms of this agreement, we are advanced funds for both working capital and long-term productive asset purchases.  Total credit available under this new agreement is $80 million, and will expire in June 2021. Upon notice to Bank of America, we may from time to time, request an increase in the Credit Facility by an amount not exceeding $50 million. For our current and past line of credit agreements the weighted-average interest rate was 1.9% and 1.7% at October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Under these credit facilities, we had $19.0 million and $36.9 million outstanding as October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

This new Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type, including the following financial covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis: (a) a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio of not more than 2.50 to 1.00 and (b) a quarterly consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.15 to 1.00.   We were in compliance with all such covenants at October 31, 2016.   

The following table summarizes contractual obligations pursuant to which we are required to make cash payments.  The information is presented as of our fiscal year ended October 31, 2016: 

The California avocado industry is subject to a state marketing order whereby handlers are required to collect assessments from the growers and remit such assessments to the California Avocado Commission (CAC).  The assessments are primarily for advertising and promotions.  The amount of the assessment is based on the dollars paid to   

35 

the growers for their fruit, and, as a result, is not determinable until the value of the payments to the growers has been calculated.   

With similar precision, amounts remitted to the Hass Avocado Board (HAB) in connection with their assessment program are likewise not determinable until the fruit is actually delivered to us.  HAB assessments are primarily used to fund marketing and promotion efforts.  

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements    

In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU"), which amends the existing accounting standards for income taxes. The amendment required companies to report their deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets each as a single non-current item on their classified balance sheets. The Company elected to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 and applied them prospectively to the current period presented, as permitted by the standard. The adoption of the amendments had no impact on the Company's net earnings or cash flow from operations for any period presented. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards    

In March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU will be effective for us beginning the first day of our 2017 fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU, which requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of use asset and a corresponding lease liability. For finance leases, the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset, and for operating leases, the lessee would recognize a straight-line total lease expense. The guidance also requires qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures to supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that users can understand more about the nature of an entity s leasing activities, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. This ASU will be effective for us beginning the first day of our 2019 fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU, which requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU for measuring inventory.  The core principal of the guidance is that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The guidance is effective for us on a prospective basis beginning on the first day of our fiscal 2017 year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In May 2014, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The amendments are based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We are required to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this amended accounting   

36 

standard on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but we do not expect the adoption of this accounting standard to have a significant effect. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, payable to growers, accounts payable, current and long-term borrowings pursuant to our credit facilities with financial institutions, and long-term, fixed-rate obligations.  All of our financial instruments are entered into during the normal course of operations and have not been acquired for trading purposes.  The table below summarizes interest rate sensitive financial instruments and presents principal cash flows in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency, and weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates, as of October 31, 2016. 

(1) 

We believe the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, advances to suppliers, payable to growers, accounts payable, and current borrowings pursuant to credit facilities approximate their fair value due to the short maturity of these financial instruments.     

(2) 

Fixed-rate long-term obligations bear interest rates ranging from 3.5% to 4.3% with a weighted-average interest rate of 2.3%.  We believe that loans with a similar risk profile would currently yield a return of 2.8%.  We project the impact of an increase or decrease in interest rates of 100 basis points would result in a change of fair value of approximately $18,000.     

We were not a party to any derivative instruments during the fiscal year.  It is currently our intent not to use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Additionally, we do not use any hedging or forward contracts to offset market volatility.   

Our Mexican-based operations transact a significant portion of business in Mexican pesos.  Funds are transferred by our corporate office to Mexico on a weekly basis to satisfy domestic cash needs. We do not currently use derivative instruments to hedge fluctuations in the Mexican peso to U.S. dollar exchange rates.  Management does, however, evaluate this opportunity from time to time.  Total foreign currency translation losses for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, net of gains, were $1.1 million, $1.8 million and $0.1 million.  

37 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial     statements. 

38 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial     statements. 

39 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE OPERATIONS 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial     statements. 

40 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial     statements. 

41 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial     statements. 

42 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. Description of the business 

Business 

Calavo Growers, Inc. (Calavo, the Company, we, us or our), is a global leader in the avocado industry and an expanding provider of value-added fresh food.  Our expertise in marketing and distributing avocados, prepared avocados, and other perishable foods allows us to deliver a wide array of fresh and prepared food products to food distributors, produce wholesalers, supermarkets, and restaurants on a worldwide basis.  We procure avocados principally from California and Mexico.  Through our various operating facilities, we (i) sort, pack, and/or ripen avocados, tomatoes and/or Hawaiian grown papayas, (ii) process and package fresh cut fruit and vegetables, salads, wraps, sandwiches, fresh snacking products and a variety of behind-the-glass deli items and (iii) produce and package guacamole and salsa. We distribute our products both domestically and internationally and report our operations in three different business segments:  Fresh products, Calavo Foods and Renaissance Food Group, LLC (RFG).   

2. Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Calavo Growers, Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries, Calavo de Mexico S.A. de C.V., Calavo Foods de Mexico S.A. de C.V., Calavo Growers de Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ( Calavo Growers de Mexico), Maui Fresh International, Inc. (Maui), Hawaiian Sweet, Inc. (HS), Hawaiian Pride, LLC (HP), Avocados de Jalisco, S.A.P.I. de C.V. (Avocados de Jalisco), in which we have a 80 percent ownership interest, and RFG.  We consolidate our entity Calavo Salsa Lisa, LLC (CSL), in which we currently have a 65 percent ownership interest.  All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.   

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

We consider all highly liquid financial instruments purchased with an original maturity date of three months or less to be cash equivalents.  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair values. 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist primarily of non-trade receivables, infrastructure advances and prepaid expenses. Non-trade receivables were $11.6 million and $12.3 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Included in non-trade receivables are $8.4 million and $5.7 million related to the current portion of Mexican IVA (i.e. value-added) taxes at October 31, 2016 and 2015.  In addition, included in non-trade receivables at October 31, 2015 is $4.0 million related to the bridge loan to the then newly created joint venture Agricola Don Memo. Infrastructure advances are discussed below.  Prepaid expenses totaling $2.8 million and $2.3 million at October 31, 2016 and 2015, are primarily for insurance, rent and other items. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Cost is computed on a monthly weighted-average basis, which approximates the first-in, first-out method; market is based upon estimated replacement costs.  Costs included in inventory primarily include the following: fruit, picking and hauling, overhead, labor, materials and freight.   

Property, Plant, and Equipment 

Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are stated at cost and amortized over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or   

43 

the term of the lease, using the straight-line method.  Useful lives are as follows:  buildings and improvements - 7 to 50 years; leasehold improvements - the lesser of the term of the lease or 7 years; equipment - 7 to 25 years; information systems hardware and software   3 to 10 years.  Significant repairs and maintenance that increase the value or extend the useful life of our fixed asset are capitalized.  Replaced fixed assets are written off.  Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to expense.   

We capitalize software development costs for internal use beginning in the application development stage and ending when the asset is placed into service.  Costs capitalized include coding and testing activities and various implementation costs.  These costs are limited to (1) external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing or obtaining internal-use computer software; (2) payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to the internal-use computer software project to the extent of the time spent directly on the project; and (3) interest cost incurred while developing internal-use computer software.  See Note 4 for further information. 

Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets 

Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.  Goodwill is tested at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below the operating segment.  Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process.  The first step of the goodwill impairment test, used to identify potential impairment, compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill.  If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is considered not impaired, and the second step of the impairment test would be unnecessary.  If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.  The second step of the goodwill impairment test, used to measure the amount of impairment loss, compares the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill.  If the carrying amount of reporting unit goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss must be recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  Goodwill impairment testing requires significant judgment and management estimates, including, but not limited to, the determination of (i) the number of reporting units, (ii) the goodwill and other assets and liabilities to be allocated to the reporting units and (iii) the fair values of the reporting units.  The estimates and assumptions described above, along with other factors such as discount rates, will significantly affect the outcome of the impairment tests and the amounts of any resulting impairment losses.  For fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we performed our annual assessment of goodwill and noted no impairments existed as of October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Long-lived Assets  

Long-lived assets, including fixed assets and intangible assets (other than goodwill), are continually monitored and are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of any such asset may not be recoverable.  The determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of an asset and its eventual disposition.  The estimate of undiscounted cash flows is based upon, among other things, certain assumptions about future operating performance, growth rates and other factors.  Estimates of undiscounted cash flows may differ from actual cash flows due to, among other things, technological changes, economic conditions, changes to the business model or changes in operating performance.  If the sum of the undiscounted cash flows (excluding interest) is less than the carrying value, an impairment loss will be recognized, measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the asset.  For fiscal year 2016 and 2015, we performed our annual assessment of long-lived assets and determined that no impairment existed as of October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Investments  

We account for non-marketable investments using the equity method of accounting if the investment gives us the ability to exercise significant influence over, but not control, an investee.  Significant influence generally exists when we have an ownership interest representing between 20% and 50% of the voting stock of the investee.  Under the equity method of accounting, investments are stated at initial cost and are adjusted for subsequent additional investments and our proportionate share of earnings or losses and distributions.   

44 

In December 2014, Calavo formed a wholly owned subsidiary Calavo Growers De Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Calavo Sub).  In July 2015, Calavo Sub entered into a Shareholder Agreement with Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V., (Belo) a Mexican Company owned by Agricola Belher, and Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. (Don Memo). Don Memo, a Mexican corporation formed in July 2013, is engaged in the business of owning and improving land in Jalisco, Mexico for the growing of tomatoes and other produce and the sale and distribution of tomatoes and other produce.  Belo and Calavo Sub have an equal one-half ownership interest in Don Memo.  Pursuant to a management service agreement, Belo, through its officers and employees, shall have day-to-day power and authority to manage the operations. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, we contributed $2.3 million and $1.0 million as investments in Don Memo. These investment contributions represent Calavo Sub s 50% ownership in Don Memo, which is included in investment in unconsolidated entities on our balance sheet. In fiscal 2015 and 2014, we advanced Don Memo $0.8 million and $3.2 million. These monies, totaling $4.0 million, effectively a bridge loan, were repaid in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had recorded such loans in prepaids and other current assets. We use the equity method to account for this investment.   

Effective May 2014, we closed our Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement by and among FreshRealm and the ownership members of FreshRealm.  Pursuant to this agreement, Impermanence, LLC (Impermanence) was admitted as an ownership member of FreshRealm.  Impermanence contributed $10.0 million to FreshRealm for 28.6% ownership.  As a result of the admission of Impermanence, Calavo s ownership was reduced from 71.1% to 50.8%.  The minority/non-Calavo unit-holders held substantive participating rights.  These rights existed primarily in two forms:  (1) two out of a total of four board of director seats and (2) a provision in the Agreement that states that for situations for which the approval of the Members, as defined, is required by the Agreement, the Members shall act by Super-Majority Vote.  As such, Calavo could not control FreshRealm through its two board of director seats, nor its 50.8% ownership.  Based on the foregoing, we deconsolidated FreshRealm in May 2014. In the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, FreshRealm issued additional units to various parties, which reduced our ownership percentage to approximately 49% at October 31, 2015. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, FreshRealm completed another round of financing in which Calavo invested $3.2 million.  During that round of financing, FreshRealm issued additional units to various parties, which reduced our ownership percentage further to approximately 46% at October 31, 2016.   

We estimated the fair value of our noncontrolling interest in FreshRealm by performing a fair value measurement.  This analysis was conducted with the consultation from a third party consulting firm.  Our investment of $19.4 million in FreshRealm million has been recorded as investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries on our balance sheet.   

Marketable Securities 

Our marketable securities consist of our investment in Limoneira Company (Limoneira) stock.  We currently own approximately 12% of Limoneira s outstanding common stock.  These securities are considered available for sale securities based on management s intent with respect to such securities and are carried at fair value as determined from quoted market prices.  The estimated fair value, cost, and gross unrealized gain related to such investment was $3  4.0   million, $23.5 million and $10.5 million as of October 31, 2016.  The estimated fair value, cost, and gross unrealized gain related to such investment was $27.4 million, $23.5 million and $4.0 million as of October 31, 2015.   

Advances to Suppliers 

We advance funds to third-party growers primarily in Mexico for various farming needs.  Typically, we obtain collateral (i.e. fruit, fixed assets, etc.) that approximates the value at risk, prior to making such advances.  We continuously evaluate the ability of these growers to repay advances in order to evaluate the possible need to record an allowance.  No such allowance was required at October 31, 2016, nor October 31, 2015. 

Pursuant to our distribution agreement, which was amended in fiscal 2011, with Agricola Belher (Belher) of Mexico, a producer of fresh vegetables, primarily tomatoes, for export to the U.S. market, Belher agreed, at their sole cost and expense, to harvest, pack, export, ship, and deliver tomatoes exclusively to our company, primarily our Arizona facility.  In exchange, we agreed to sell and distribute such tomatoes, make advances to Belher for operating purposes, provide additional advances as shipments are made during the season (subject to limitations, as defined), and return the proceeds from such tomato sales to Belher, net of our commission and aforementioned advances.  Pursuant to such amended   

45 

agreement with Belher, we advanced Belher a total of $3.0 million, up from $2.0 million in the original agreement, during fiscal 2011.  Additionally, the amended agreement calls for us to continue to advance $3.0 million per annum for operating purposes through 2019.  These advances will be collected through settlements by the end of each year.  For fiscal 2016, we agreed to advance an additional $1.4 million for preseason advances. As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, we have total advances of $4.4 million and $3.0 million to Belher pursuant to this agreement, which is recorded in advances to suppliers.  

Similar to Belher, we make advances to Don Memo for operating purposes, provide additional advances as shipments are made during the season, and return the proceeds from such tomato sales to Don Memo, net of our commission and aforementioned advances. As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, we have total advances of $0.9 million and $1.8 million to Don Memo, which is recorded in advances to suppliers. 

Infrastructure Advances 

Pursuant to our infrastructure agreement, we make advances to be used solely for the acquisition, construction, and installation of improvements to and on certain land owned/controlled by Belher, as well as packing line equipment.  Advances incur interest at 4.7% at October 31, 2016 and 2015.  As of October 31, 2016, we have advanced a total of $0.8 million ($0.2 million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $0.6 million included in other long-term assets).  As of October 31, 2015, we have advanced a total of $1.8 million ($1.0 million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $0.8 million included in other long-term assets).  Belher is to annually repay these advances in no less than 20% increments through June 2020.  Interest is to be paid monthly or annually, as defined.  Belher may prepay, without penalty, all or any portion of the advances at any time.  In order to secure their obligations pursuant to both agreements discussed above, Belher granted us a first-priority security interest in certain assets, including cash, inventory and fixed assets, as defined.  

Accrued Expenses 

Included in accrued expenses at October 31, 2016 and 2015 are liabilities related to the receipt of goods and/or services for which an invoice has not yet been received. These totaled approximately $12.4 million and $6.2 million for the year ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

Revenue Recognition 

Sales of products and related costs of products sold are recognized when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery has occurred, (iii) the price is fixed or determinable and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  These terms are typically met upon delivery of product to the customer.  Service revenue, including freight, ripening, storage, bagging and palletization charges, is recorded when services are performed and sales of the related products are delivered. 

Shipping and Handling 

We include shipping and handling fees billed to customers in net revenues.  Amounts incurred by us for freight are included in cost of goods sold. 

Promotional Allowances 

We provide for promotional allowances at the time of sale, based on our historical experience.  Our estimates are generally based on evaluating the historical relationship between promotional allowances and gross sales.  The derived percentage is then applied to the current period s sales revenues in order to arrive at the appropriate debit to sales allowances for the period.  The offsetting credit is made to accrued expenses.  When certain amounts of specific customer accounts are subsequently identified as promotional, they are written off against this allowance.  Actual amounts may differ from these estimates and such differences are recognized as an adjustment to net sales in the period they are identified. 

46 

Allowance for Accounts Receivable 

We provide an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable balances based on historical experience and the aging of the related accounts receivable. 

Consignment Arrangements 

We frequently enter into consignment arrangements with pineapple and tomato growers and packers located outside of the United States and growers of certain perishable products in the United States. Although we generally do not take legal title to these avocados and perishable products, we do assume responsibilities (principally assuming credit risk, inventory loss and delivery risk, and pricing risk) that are consistent with acting as a principal in the transaction.  Accordingly, the accompanying financial statements include sales and cost of sales from the sale of avocados and perishable products procured under consignment arrangements.  Amounts recorded for each of the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 in the financial statements pursuant to consignment arrangements are as follows (in thousands): 

Advertising Expense 

Advertising costs are expensed when incurred and are generally included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. Such costs were approximately $0.2 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014.    

Research and Development 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are generally included as a component of selling, general and administrative expense. FreshRealm, a development stage company, comprised the majority of our research and development costs in 2014. Total research and development costs for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were less than $0.1 million.  Total research and development costs for fiscal years 2014, were approximately $0.8 million.   

Other Income, Net 

Included in other income, net is dividend income totaling $0.6 million for fiscal year 2016.  Dividend income totaled $0.5 million for fiscal years 2015 and 2014.  See Note 9 for related party disclosure related to other income. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  Among the significant estimates affecting the financial statements are those related to valuation allowances for accounts receivable, goodwill, grower advances, inventories, long-lived assets, valuation of and estimated useful lives of identifiable intangible assets, stock-based compensation, promotional allowances and income taxes.  On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates based upon currently available information.  Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.  

Income Taxes 

We account for deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns.  Measurement of the deferred items is based on enacted tax laws.  In the event the future consequences of differences between financial reporting bases and tax bases of our assets and   

47 

liabilities result in a deferred tax asset, we perform an evaluation of the probability of being able to realize the future benefits indicated by such asset.  A valuation allowance related to a deferred tax asset is recorded when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions, and the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in various taxing jurisdictions.  If we ultimately determine that the payment of these liabilities will be unnecessary, the liability will be reversed and we will recognize a tax benefit during the period in which it is determined the liability no longer applies.  Conversely, we record additional tax charges in a period in which it is determined that a recorded tax liability is less than the ultimate assessment is expected to be.  

The application of tax laws and regulations is subject to legal and factual interpretation, judgment and uncertainty.  Tax laws and regulations themselves are subject to change as a result of changes in fiscal policy, changes in legislation, the evolution of regulations and court rulings.  Therefore, the actual liability for U.S. or foreign taxes may be materially different from management s estimates, which could result in the need to record additional tax liabilities or potentially reverse previously recorded tax liabilities.  

Basic and Diluted Net Income per Share 

Basic earnings per share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period without consideration of the dilutive effect of stock options and contingent consideration.  Diluted earnings per common share is calculated using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period after consideration of the dilutive effect of stock options and the effect of contingent consideration shares. 

Basic and diluted net income per share is calculated as follows (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data): 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We account for awards of equity instruments issued to employees under the fair value method of accounting and recognize such amounts in our statements of operations.  We measure compensation cost for all stock-based awards at fair value on the date of grant and recognize compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations over the service period that the awards are expected to vest.   

48 

For the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we recognized compensation expense of $2,134,000, $2,108,000, and $727,000 related to non-acquisition stock-based compensation.  The value of the stock-based compensation was determined from quoted market prices at the date of the grant. 

Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement 

Our foreign operations are subject to exchange rate fluctuations and foreign currency transaction costs.  The functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the United States dollar.  As a result, monetary assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates as of the balance sheet date and non-monetary assets, liabilities and equity are translated at historical rates.  Sales and expenses are translated using a weighted-average exchange rate for the period.  Gains and losses resulting from those remeasurements are included in income.  Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are also recognized currently in income. Total foreign currency losses for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, net of gains, were $1.1 million, $1.8 million, and $0.1 million.  

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We believe that the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and short-term borrowings approximates fair value based on either their short-term nature or on terms currently available to the Company in financial markets.  Due to current market rates, we believe that our fixed-rate long-term obligations have the same fair value and carrying value  of approximately $0.6 million as of October 31, 2016.  

Deferred Rent 

As part of certain lease agreements, we receive construction allowances from our landlords.  The construction allowances are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease as a reduction to rent expense.   

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We were not a party to any material derivative instruments during the fiscal year.  It is currently our intent not to use derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Additionally, we do not use any hedging or forward contracts to offset market volatility.   

Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements    

In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU, which amends the existing accounting standards for income taxes. The amendment required companies to report their deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets each as a single non-current item on their classified balance sheets. The Company elected to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 and applied them prospectively to the current period presented, as permitted by the standard. The adoption of the amendments had no impact on the Company's net earnings or cash flow from operations for any period presented. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards    

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an Accounting Standards Update ("ASU"), which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. This ASU will be effective for us beginning the first day of our 2017 fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU, which requires a dual approach for lessee accounting under which a lessee would account for leases as finance leases or operating leases. Both finance leases and operating leases will result in the lessee recognizing a right-of use asset and a corresponding lease liability. For finance leases, the lessee would recognize interest expense and amortization of the right-of-use asset, and for operating leases, the lessee would recognize a straight-line total lease expense. The guidance also requires qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures to   

49 

supplement the amounts recorded in the financial statements so that users can understand more about the nature of an entity s leasing activities, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. This ASU will be effective for us beginning the first day of our 2019 fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU, which requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU for measuring inventory.  The core principal of the guidance is that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The guidance is effective for us on a prospective basis beginning on the first day of our fiscal 2017 year. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adoption of this ASU on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant effect. 

In May 2014, the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition. The amendments are based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. We are required to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is not permitted. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial application. We are evaluating the impact of the adoption of this amended accounting standard on our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows, but we do not expect the adoption of this accounting standard to have a significant effect. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as all changes in a company's net assets, except changes resulting from transactions with shareholders.  For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, other comprehensive income includes the unrealized gain on our Limoneira investment totaling $4.1 million, net of income taxes.  Limoneira s stock price at October 31, 2016 equaled $19.69 per share.  For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, other comprehensive income includes the unrealized loss on our Limoneira investment totaling $10.3 million, net of income taxes.  Limoneira s stock price at October 31, 2015 equaled $15.86 per share.  For the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, other comprehensive loss includes the unrealized loss on our Limoneira investment totaling $0.7 million, net of income taxes.  Limoneira s stock price at October 31, 2014 equaled $25.66 per share.   

Noncontrolling Interest 

The following tables reconcile shareholders  equity attributable to noncontrolling interest related to the Salsa Lisa acquisition, and Avocados de Jalisco (in thousands).   

The noncontrolling interest for Salsa Lisa is recorded at the greater of the noncontrolling interest balance adjusted for the attribution of loss or the amount redeemable pursuant to the acquisition agreement. For fiscal 2016, we recorded an   

50 

adjustment of $486,000 to increase the noncontrolling interest balance to the expected redeemable amount of $771,000. This adjustment has been included in net (income) loss attributed to noncontrolling interest. 

3.    Inventories 

Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):  

We assess the recoverability of inventories through an ongoing review of inventory levels in relation to sales and forecasts and product marketing plans.  When the inventory on hand, at the time of the review, exceeds the foreseeable demand, the value of inventory that is not expected to be sold is written down.  The amount of the write-down is the excess of historical cost over estimated realizable value (generally zero).  Once established, these write-downs are considered permanent adjustments to the cost basis of the excess inventory. 

The assessment of the recoverability of inventories and the amounts of any write-downs are based on currently available information and assumptions about future demand and market conditions.  Demand for processed avocado products may fluctuate significantly over time, and actual demand and market conditions may be more or less favorable than our projections.  In the event that actual demand is lower than originally projected, additional inventory write-downs may be required. 

We recorded an adjustment of $1.1 million to adjust our fresh fruit inventory to the lower of cost or market as of October 31, 2016. We did not record any lower of cost or market adjustments during fiscal year 2015. 

51 

4.     Property, Plant, and Equipment  

Property, plant, and equipment consist of the following (in thousands):  

Depreciation expense was $7.3 million, $6.4 million and $5.3 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, of which $0.5 million was related to depreciation on capital leases for fiscal year 2016, 2015, and 2014.   

Property, plant, and equipment include various capital leases which total $3.2 million and $3.3 million, less accumulated depreciation of $2.5 million and $2.1 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015.  

The increase in construction in progress from $12.3 million as of October 31, 2015, to $25.5 million as of October 31, 2016, is due to leasehold improvements to the facility in Jacksonville, Florida, and leasehold improvements to the facility in Houston, Texas. 

5.     Other Assets 

Other assets consist of the following (in thousands):  

The intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

52 

We recorded amortization expense of approximately $1.5 million, $1.6 million, and $1.3 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014.  We anticipate recording amortization expense of approximately $1.1 million, $1.1 million, $0.7 million, $0.1 million, and $0.1 million for fiscal years 2017 through 2021.  The remainder of approximately $0.1 million will be amortized over fiscal years 2021 through 2023.   

6.     Revolving Credit Facilities 

In June 2016, we entered into a new Credit Agreement with Bank of America, N.A. ( Bank of America ) as administrative agent and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Inc. as joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner, and Farm Credit West ( FCW ), as joint lead arranger. The Credit Agreement provides for a five-year, $80 million syndicated senior unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on June 14, 2021(the Credit Facility ), which replaces the Company s prior revolving credit facilities, which were scheduled to expire on July 1, 2016. 

Provided there exists no default, upon notice to Bank of America, the Company may from time to time, request an increase in the Credit Facility by an amount not exceeding $50 million (the  Accordion ). Any future exercises of the Accordion would require additional commitments from existing or new lenders. 

Borrowings under the Credit Facility will be at the Company s discretion either at a Eurodollar Rate ( LIBOR ) loan plus applicable margin or a base rate loan plus applicable margin. The applicable margin will be based on the Company s Consolidated Leverage Ratio and can range from 1.00% to 1.50% for LIBOR loans and 0.00% to 0.50% for Base Rate Loans. The Credit Facility also includes a commitment fee on the unused commitment amount at a rate per annum of 0.15%. 

The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type, including the following financial covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis: (a) a quarterly consolidated leverage ratio of not more than 2.50 to 1.00 and (b) a quarterly consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.15 to 1.00.   We were in compliance with all such covenants at October 31, 2016.   

The Credit Facility also contains customary events of default. If any event of default occurs and is continuing, Bank of America may take the following actions: (a) declare the commitment of each lender to make loans and any obligation of the Issuer to make credit extensions to be terminated; (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans, all interest, and all other amounts to be immediately due and payable; (c) require that Calavo cash collateralize the obligations; and (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the lenders and the Issuer all rights and remedies available to it. 

7.     Employee Benefit Plans 

We sponsor five defined contribution retirement plans for salaried and hourly employees.  Expenses for these plans approximated $984,000, $922,000, and $943,000 for fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, which are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying financial statements. 

We also sponsor a non-qualified defined benefit plan for two retired executives.  Pension expenses, including actuarial losses, approximated $8,000, $10,000 and $9,000 for the year ended October 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014.  These amounts are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying financial statements. 

53 

Components of the change in projected benefit obligation for fiscal year ends consist of the following (in thousands): 

The following is a reconciliation of the unfunded status of the plans at fiscal year ends included in accrued expenses (in thousands): 

Significant assumptions used in the determination of pension expense consist of the following: 

8.     Commitments and Contingencies 

Commitments and guarantees 

We lease facilities and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases expiring at various dates through 2031. We are committed to make minimum cash payments under these agreements as of October 31, 2016, as follows (in thousands): 

Total rent expense amounted to approximately $5.8 million, $4.4 million and $3.8 million for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014.  Rent to Limoneira, for our corporate office, amounted to approximately $0.3 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014.  In fiscal 2014, we renewed our lease with Limoneira for our corporate facility through fiscal 2020 at an annual rental of $0.3 million per annum (subject to annual CPI increases, as defined).   

In fiscal 2016, we renewed the lease of our facility in Houston Texas through fiscal 2021 at an annual rental of $0.7 million per annum (subject to annual CPI increases, as defined). 

In July 2015, we entered into a Lease Agreement with Green Cove, LLC to lease an operating facility in Jacksonville Florida. The facility is approximately 200,000 square feet and is expected to be a value-added distribution center for all operating segments.  We took possession of the property in August 2015 and are in the process of making improvements to this facility.  The lease began in November 2015 and is scheduled to terminate in October 2031.  

54 

In fiscal 2014, we renewed the lease of our distribution facility in Garland Texas through fiscal 2029 at an annual rental of $0.8 million per annum (subject to annual CPI increases, as defined). 

In fiscal 2014, we had two lease renewals for our RFG facilities in California, one being the corporate office of RFG in Rancho Cordova, and the other being a fresh processing facility in Sacramento.  The RFG corporate office in Rancho Cordova has an operating lease through June 2018.  Total rent for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was approximately $0.4 million.  The processing facility in Sacramento has an operating lease through May 2021(subject to annual CPI increases, as defined).  Total rent for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 was approximately $0.5 million.  

Effective January 28, 2016, Calavo Growers, Inc. and Bank of America, N.A. ( BoA ), entered into a Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty agreement (the  Guaranty ). Under the terms of the Guaranty, the Company unconditionally guarantees and promises to pay BoA any and all Indebtedness, as defined therein, of our unconsolidated subsidiary Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. ( Don Memo ) to BoA. Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. has also entered into a similar guarantee with BoA. These guarantees relate to a new loan in the amount of $4.5 million loan from BoA to Don Memo that closed on January 28, 2016. On January 29, 2016, Don Memo, used the proceeds from the new BoA loan to repay $4.0 million due the Company. 

We indemnify our directors and have the power to indemnify each of our officers, employees and other agents, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.  The maximum amount of potential future payments under such indemnifications is not determinable.  No amounts have been accrued in the accompanying financial statements related to these indemnifications. 

Litigation 

From time to time, we are also involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business that we do not believe will have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. 

Mexico tax audits 

We conduct business internationally and, as a result, one or more of our subsidiaries files income tax returns in U.S. federal, U.S. state and certain foreign jurisdictions.  Accordingly, in the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities, primarily in Mexico and the United States.  During our third quarter of fiscal 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Calavo de Mexico ( CDM ), received a written communication from the Ministry of Finance and Administration of the government of the State of Michoacan, Mexico ( MFM ) containing preliminary observations related to a fiscal 2011 tax audit of such subsidiary.  MFM s preliminary observations outline certain proposed adjustments primarily related to intercompany funding, deductions for services from certain vendors/suppliers and Value   Added Tax ( VAT ).  During our fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, we provided a written rebuttal to MFM s preliminary observations   and requested the adoption of a conclusive agreement before the PRODECON (Local Tax Ombudsman) so that a full discussion of the case between us, the MFM and the PRODECON can occur and so that, as appropriate, the MFM can reconsider their findings.  Note that until such discussion occurs, the normal period during which the MFM would issue its final assessment (previously expected no later February 2017) has been suspended.  Though a formal meeting date has not yet been determined, the discussion between us, the MFM and the PRODECON is expected to start in calendar 2017. 

Additionally, we also received notice from Mexico's Federal Tax Administration Service, Servicio de Administracion Tributaria (SAT), that our wholly-owned Mexican subsidiary, Calavo de Mexico, is currently under examination related to fiscal year 2013.  Under Mexican law, the SAT has u  ntil approximately March 2017 to complete their review.     In conjunction with their examination, the SAT has requested information though no formal findings have yet been received. 

We believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters is unlikely to have a material effect on our consolidated financial position. 

55 

9.     Related-Party Transactions 

Certain members of our Board of Directors market avocados through Calavo pursuant to marketing agreements substantially similar to the marketing agreements that we enter into with other growers.  During the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, the aggregate amount of avocados procured from entities owned or controlled by members of our Board of Directors was $25.5 million, $16.4 million and $10.5 million.  We did not have any amounts due to Board members as of October 31, 2016 and 2015.  

During fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, we received $0.3 million as dividend income from Limoneira.  In addition, we lease office space from Limoneira for our corporate office.  Rent to Limoneira amounted to approximately $0.3 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014.  Harold Edwards, who is a member of our Board of Directors, is the Chief Executive Officer of Limoneira Company. We have a 12% ownership interest in Limoneira.  Additionally, our Chief Executive Officer is a member of the Limoneira Board of Directors. 

We currently have a member of our Board of Directors who also serves as a partner in the law firm of TroyGould PC, which frequently represents Calavo as legal counsel. During the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, Calavo Growers, Inc. paid fees totaling approximately $0.2 million, $0.2 million and $0.1 million to TroyGould PC.   

During the 3  rd   and 4  th   quarters of fiscal 2015, in conjunction with another round of financing for FreshRealm, LLC (FreshRealm), we invested $0.8 million. Additionally, two officers of Calavo contributed $1.8 million, in exchange for a 2.8% ownership interest, and three board of director members contributed $0.3 million in exchange for a 0.44% ownership interest. RFG is a supplier for FreshRealm.  Based on the total number of shares issued, our ownership interest in FreshRealm decreased from approximately 50% to approximately 49%.  During the 4  th   quarter of fiscal 2016, FreshRealm had another round of financing, which we invested $3.2 million.  Based on the total number of LLC units issued, our ownership interest in FreshRealm decreased from approximately 49% to approximately 46%.  In fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, we had sales of $1.1 million, $0.5 million and $0.2 million to FreshRealm. 

In December 2014, Calavo formed a wholly owned subsidiary Calavo Growers De Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. (Calavo Sub).  In July 2015, Calavo Sub entered into a Shareholder Agreement with Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V., (Belo) a Mexican Company owned by Agricola Belher, and Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. (Don Memo). Don Memo, a Mexican corporation formed in July 2013, is engaged in the business of owning and improving land in Jalisco, Mexico for the growing of tomatoes and other produce and the sale and distribution of tomatoes and other produce.  Belo and Calavo Sub have an equal one-half ownership interest in Don Memo.  Pursuant to a management service agreement, Belo, through its officers and employees, shall have day-to-day power and authority to manage the operations. Belo is entitled to a management fee equal to 20% of the earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), as defined, which is payable annually in July of each year. Additionally, Calavo Sub is entitled to a 12% commission, calculated in U.S. dollars, for the sale of produce in the Mexican National Market, United States, Canada, and any other overseas market. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, we contributed $2.3 million and $1.0 million as investments in Don Memo, respectively. These investment contributions represent Calavo Sub s 50% ownership in Don Memo, which is included in investment in unconsolidated entities on our balance sheet. In fiscal 2015 and 2014, we advanced $0.8 million and $3.2 million. These monies totaling $4.0, effectively a bridge loan, were repaid in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. We had recorded such loans in prepaids and other current assets. We use the equity method to account for this investment.  As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, we have total advances of $0.9 million and $1.8 million to Don Memo, which is recorded in advances to suppliers. During the year ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, we incurred $4.8 million and $2.3 million of expenses to Don Memo pursuant to our consignment agreement. 

Effective January 28, 2016, Calavo Growers, Inc. and BoA, entered into a Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty agreement (the  Guaranty ). Under the terms of the Guaranty, the Company unconditionally guarantees and promises to pay BoA any and all Indebtedness, as defined therein, of our unconsolidated subsidiary Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. ( Don Memo ) to BoA. Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. has also entered into a similar guarantee with BoA. These guarantees relate to a new loan in the amount of $4.5 million loan from BoA to Don Memo that closed on January 28, 2016. On January 29, 2016, Don Memo, used the proceeds from the new BoA loan to repay $4.0 million due the Company. 

56 

We had grower advances due from Belher of $4.4 million and $3.0 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015.  In addition, we had infrastructure advances due from Belher of $0.8 million and $1.8 million as of October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Of these infrastructure advances $0.2 million was recorded as receivable in prepaid and other current assets and $0.6 million is included in other assets. During the year ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we purchased $26.0 million, $14.2 million, and $17.4 million of tomatoes from Belher pursuant to our consignment agreement. 

In August 2015, we entered into Shareholder s Agreement with various partners which created Avocados de Jalisco, S.A.P.I. de C.V. ( Avocados de Jalisco ).  Avocados de Jalisco is a Mexican corporation created to engage in procuring, packing and selling avocados in Jalisco Mexico.  This entity is approximately 80% owned by Calavo and was consolidated as of October 31, 2015.  In the third fiscal quarter of 2016, Avocados de Jalisco completed the construction of a packinghouse located in Jalisco, Mexico; such packinghouse is expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2017. As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, we have made preseason advances of approximately $0.3 million to various partners of Avocados de Jalisco. 

The three previous owners and current executives of RFG have a majority ownership of certain entities that provide various services to RFG.  RFG s California operating facility leases a building from LIG partners, LLC (LIG) pursuant to an operating lease.  RFG s Texas operating facility leases a building from THNC, LLC (THNC) pursuant to an operating lease.  Additionally, RFG sells cut produce and purchases raw materials, obtains transportation services, and shares costs for certain utilities with Third Coast Fresh Distribution (Third Coast).  LIG, THNC and Third Coast are majority owned by entities owned by three employees of Calavo (former/current executives of RFG). See the following tables for the related party activity and balances for fiscal year 2016 and 2015: 

10.     Income Taxes 

The income tax provision (benefit) consists of the following for the years ended October 31, (in thousands): 

At October 31, 2016 and 2015, gross deferred tax assets totaled approximately $33.9 million and $36.1 million, while gross deferred tax liabilities totaled approximately $18.9 million and $17.0 million.  Deferred income taxes reflect the net of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and income tax purposes.  

57 

Significant components of our deferred taxes assets (liabilities) as of October 31, are as follows (in thousands): 

A reconciliation of the significant differences between the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate on pretax income for the years ended October 31, is as follows: 

We intend to reinvest our accumulated foreign earnings, which approximated $15.5 million at October 31, 2016, indefinitely.  As a result, we have not provided any deferred income taxes on such unremitted earnings.   

For fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, income (loss) before income taxes related to domestic operations was approximately $61.0 million, $41.5 million, and $(0.6) million.  For fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014, income (loss) before income taxes related to foreign operations was approximately $(0.6) million, $1.8 million and $3.6 million.   

As of October 31, 2016, we had liability of $0.4 million for unrecognized tax benefits related to various foreign income   tax matters.   As of October 31, 2015, we did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income   tax matters.  

In fiscal 2014, the benefit for income taxes of $3.9 million is attributable to the revaluation adjustment of $88.1 million related to contingent consideration which was spread between fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2011.   The revalued contingent consideration and non-cash compensation expense resulted in $53.6 million additional GAAP expense recorded in fiscal years 2014.  In fiscal 2014, the revaluation expense drove pre-tax book income into a loss position, thus causing a benefit for income taxes as this revaluation adjustment is capitalized and amortized as goodwill over the remaining useful life for income tax purposes resulting in a taxable income position for the current year.   

We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income of multiple state tax jurisdictions.  We are no longer subject to U.S. income tax examinations for the fiscal years prior to October 31, 2013, and are no longer subject to state income tax examinations for fiscal years prior to October 31, 2012. 

58 

11.     Segment Information 

As discussed in Note 1, we report our operations in three different business segments: (1) Fresh products, (2) Calavo Foods, and (3) RFG.  These three business segments are presented based on how information is used by our Chief Executive Officer to measure performance and allocate resources.  The Fresh products segment includes all operations that involve the distribution of avocados and other fresh produce products.  The Calavo Foods segment represents all operations related to the purchase, manufacturing, and distribution of prepared products, including guacamole, and salsa. The RFG segment represents all operations related to the manufacturing and distribution of fresh-cut fruit, ready-to-eat vegetables, recipe-ready vegetables and deli products.  Selling, general and administrative expenses, as well as other non-operating income/expense items, are evaluated by our Chief Executive Officer in the aggregate.  We do not allocate assets, or specifically identify them to, our operating segments.  

The following table sets forth sales by product category, by segment (in thousands): 

For fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014, inter-segment sales and cost of sales of $4.3 million, $1.5 million and $2.2 million between Fresh products and RFG were eliminated. For fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014, inter-segment sales and cost of sales of $2.7 million, $1.9 million and $1.7 million between Calavo Foods and RFG were eliminated. 

59 

The following table sets forth sales by product category, by segment (in thousands): 

Sales to customers outside the United States were approximately $25.4 million, $26.7 million and $32.8 million for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014. 

60 

Long-lived assets attributed to geographic areas as of October 31, are as follows (in thousands): 

12.     Long-Term Obligations 

Long-term obligations at fiscal year ends consist of the following (in thousands): 

The Company and FCW entered into a Term Loan Agreement (Term Agreement) in connection with the RFG acquisition, effective May 31, 2011. Under the terms of the Term Agreement, we were advanced $15 million for the purchase of RFG.  Pursuant to this agreement, we were required to make 60 monthly principal and interest payments, from July 1, 2011 to June 1, 2016. In fiscal 2016, this term loan was repaid in full. 

Effective September 30, 2011, the Company and BoA, entered into an agreement, Amendment No. 4 to Loan Agreement (the Agreement), which amended our existing credit facility with BoA.  This agreement included a variable rate term loan in the amount of approximately $7.1 million. These proceeds were used to retire approximately 50% of the outstanding balance (as of September 30, 2011) of the term loan owed to FCW related to the purchase of RFG (see above). In fiscal 2016, this term loan was repaid in full. 

Effective January 28, 2016, Calavo Growers, Inc. and BoA, entered into a Continuing and Unconditional Guaranty agreement (the  Guaranty ). Under the terms of the Guaranty, the Company unconditionally guarantees and promises to pay BoA any and all Indebtedness, as defined therein, of our unconsolidated subsidiary Agricola Don Memo, S.A. de C.V. ( Don Memo ) to BoA. Grupo Belo del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. has also entered into a similar guarantee with BoA. These guarantees relate to a new loan in the amount of $4.5 million loan from BoA to Don Memo that closed on January 28, 2016. On January 29, 2016, Don Memo, used the proceeds from the new BoA loan to repay $4.0 million due the Company. 

At October 31, 2016, capital lease payments are scheduled as follows (in thousands): 

61 

13.     Stock-Based Compensation 

The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan 

The 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, was a stock-based compensation plan, under which employees and directors may be granted options to purchase shares of our common stock.  In June 2012, this plan has been terminated without affecting the outstanding stock options related to this plan. 

Stock options were granted with exercise prices of not less than the fair market value at grant date, generally vested over one to five years and generally expired two to five years after the grant date.  We settle stock option exercises with newly issued shares of common stock. 

We measured compensation cost for all stock-based awards pursuant to this plan at fair value on the date of grant and recognize compensation expense in our consolidated statements of operations over the service period that the awards are expected to vest.  We measured the fair value of our stock based compensation awards on the date of grant. 

A summary of stock option activity is as follows (in thousands, except for per share amounts):  

The weighted average remaining life of such outstanding options is 2.5 years and the total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2016 was $0.1 million.  The weighted average remaining life of such exercisable options is 2.5 years.  The fair value of shares vested during the year ended October 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 was approximately $0.5 million, $0.5 million, and $0.8 million.  

The 2011 Management Incentive Plan 

In April 2011, our shareholders approved the Calavo Growers, Inc. 2011 Management Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan).  All directors, officers, employees and consultants (including prospective directors, officers, employees and consultants) of Calavo and its subsidiaries are eligible to receive awards under the 2011 Plan.  Up to 1,500,000 shares of common stock may be issued by Calavo under the 2011 Plan.  

In January 2014, all 12 of our non-employee directors were each granted 1,750 restricted shares (total of 21,000 shares).  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $32.49.  This grant of restricted stock incurred $0.2 million and $0.5 million in stock compensation expenses in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.  As of January 1, 2015, all shares have vested. 

In January 2014, our executive officers were granted a total of 10,774 restricted shares.  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $30.50.  These shares vest in one-third increments, on an annual basis, beginning January 1, 2015. This grant of restricted stock incurred $0.1 million in stock compensation expenses in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014.   

In January 2015, all 12 of our non-employee directors were granted 1,750 restricted shares each (total of 21,000 shares).  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $40.39.  On January 1, 2016, as long as the directors are still serving on the board, these shares lose their restriction and become non-forfeitable and transferable.  The total recognized stock-based compensation expense for these grants was $0.7 million for fiscal 2015.   

62 

On February 6, 2015, our executive officers were granted a total of 55,394 restricted shares.  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $40.17.  These shares vest in one-third increments, on an annual basis, beginning January 8, 2016. These shares were granted pursuant to our 2011 Management Incentive Plan. The total recognized stock-based compensation expense for these grants was $0.5 million for fiscal 2015.  On June 15, 2015, our Chief Operating Officer/Chief Financial Officer retired from Calavo.  His unvested portion of restricted stock of 12,322 shares issued in February of 2015 and January of 2014 was forfeited. As part of his retirement on June 1  st   2015, he was granted 12,322 shares of unrestricted stock.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $49.95. We recorded for this grant $0.6 million of stock-based compensation expense for fiscal years 2016 and 2015. 

On January 4, 2016, all 12 of our non-employee directors were granted 1,750 restricted shares each (total of 21,000 shares).  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $48.46.  On January 3, 2017, as long as the directors are still serving on the board, these shares lose their restriction and become non-forfeitable and transferable.  These shares were granted pursuant to our 2011 Management Incentive Plan. The total recognized stock-based compensation expense for these grants was $0.8 million for the year ended October 31, 2016.   

On January 8, 2016, our executive officers were granted a total of 24,582 restricted shares.  These shares have full voting rights and participate in dividends as if unrestricted.  The closing price of our stock on such date was $48.68.  These shares vest in one-third increments, on an annual basis, beginning January 8, 2017. These shares were granted pursuant to our 2011 Management Incentive Plan. The total recognized stock-based compensation expense for these grants was $0.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2016.   

63 

A summary of restricted stock activity, related to our 2011 Management Incentive Plan, is as follows (in thousands, except for per share amounts): 

The total recognized stock-based compensation expense for restricted stock was $2.1 million for the year ended October 31, 2016.   

A  summary of stock option activity, related to our 2011 Management Incentive Plan, is as follows (in thousands, except for per share amounts): 

The weighted average remaining life of such outstanding options is 4.3 years.  The weighted average remaining life of such exercisable options is 2.8 years.  The fair value of shares vested during the year ended October 31, 2016, was $0.3 million. 

14.     Dividends 

On September 27, 2016, the Company declared a $0.90 per share cash dividend to shareholders of record on November 17, 2016.  On December 8, 2016, the Company paid this cash dividend which totaled $15.7 million. On December 8, 2015, the Company paid a $0.80 per share dividend in the aggregate amount of $13.9 million to shareholders of record on November 17, 2015.   

15.    Fair Value Measurements 

A fair value measurement is determined based on the assumptions that a market participant would use in pricing an asset or liability.  A three-tiered hierarchy draws distinctions between market participant assumptions based on (i) observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets (Level 1), (ii) inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2) and (iii) unobservable inputs that require the Company to use present value and other valuation techniques in the determination of fair value (Level 3).  

The following table sets forth our financial assets and liabilities as of October 31, 2016 that are measured on a recurring basis during the period, segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy:  

64 

(1)  The investment in Limoneira Company consists of marketable securities in the Limoneira Company stock.  We currently own approximately 12% of Limoneira s outstanding common stock.  These securities are measured at fair value by quoted market prices.  Limoneira s stock price at October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015 equaled $19.69 per share and $15.86 per share.  Unrealized gains and losses are recognized through other comprehensive income.  Unrealized investment holding gains arising during the year ended October 31, 2016 was $6.6 million.  Unrealized investment holding losses arising during the year ended October 31, 2015 and 2014 was $16.9 million and $1.2 million.   

16.     Mexican IVA taxes receivable 

Included in prepaids   other current assets and other assets are tax receivables due from the Mexican government for value-added taxes (IVA) paid in advance.  CDM is charged IVA by vendors on certain expenditures in Mexico, which, insofar as they relate to the exportation of goods, translate into IVA amounts receivable from the Mexican government. 

As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, IVA receivables totaled $15.4 million and $11.6 million.  Historically, CDM received IVA refund payments from the Mexican tax authorities on a timely basis.  Beginning in fiscal 2014 and continuing into fiscal 2016, however, the tax authorities began carrying out more detailed reviews of our refund requests and our supporting documentation.  Additionally, they are also questioning the refunds requested attributable to IVA paid to certain suppliers that allegedly did not fulfill their own tax obligations.  We believe these factors and others have contributed to delays in the processing of IVA claims by the Mexican tax authorities.  Currently, we are in the process of collecting such balances through regular administrative processes, but certain amounts may ultimately need to be recovered via legal means.  We believe that our operations in Mexico are properly documented and that the Mexican tax authorities will ultimately authorize the refund of the corresponding IVA amounts.  We will continue to monitor the collection of these receivables with our outside consultants. 

As of October 31, 2016, $8.4 million and $7.0 million of IVA were recorded in prepaids   other current assets and other assets.  As of October 31, 2015, $5.7 million and $5.9 million of IVA receivables were recorded in prepaids   other current assets and other assets. 

17.     Subsequent Events 

Riverside Facility -     On November 1, 2016, we acquired certain real property, consisting of land, a refrigerated building and select production and office equipment located at 1730 Eastridge Avenue, Riverside, California (collectively, the  Property ) from Fresh Foods, LLC (the  Seller ) for total consideration of approximately $19.4 million. 

RFG intends to operate the refrigerated facility as part of its network of USDA and organic certified fresh food facilities. On November 3, 2016 the Company issued a press release discussing the completed purchase of the Property.  

The acquisition of the Property was effected in connection with a potential reverse exchange pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code.  

Temecula Facility -   On December 21, 2016, we entered into an agreement (the  Agreement ) with Pac West Group Inc., a Delaware limited liability company (the  Buyer ), pursuant to which the Company will sell to the Buyer certain real property located at 28410 Vincent Moraga Drive, Temecula, California (collectively, the  Temecula Property ). 

The Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, covenants, closing conditions and termination provisions and contemplates a buyer due diligence period that would lead to a closing date on or before March 8, 2017.  Subject to satisfactory completion of the Buyer s due diligence, the purchase price for the Temecula Property will be approximately $6.6 million. 

The proceeds from this transaction are currently expected to be used in conjunction with the recently completed acquisition of 1730 Eastridge Avenue, Riverside, California, to complete   a like-kind exchange pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code. 

65 

Maui Note   - On November 30, 2016, we entered into an Amendment to the Goodwill Promissory Note (the  Amended Note ) with San Rafael Distributing, Inc., an Arizona corporation ( San Rafael ), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to amend the Goodwill Promissory Note (the  Note ) dated as of October 31, 2012.  

This Amended Note changes the payment terms from the entire $1.3 million being due on November 1, 2017 to equal monthly installments over a 36 month payment cycle. Interest at the rate of 4.5% per annum shall begin to accrue and be payable on December 1, 2017 and each month thereafter until paid in full.   

The payment of the Amended Note is secured by a pledge of all of the membership interest of Maui Fresh International, LLC, a California limited liability company ( Maui ) owned by Borrower pursuant to that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (the  Security Agreement ) dated as of October 31, 2012 by Borrower in favor of Holder, and the payment of the Note as amended hereby remains secured by the Security Agreement.   

66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Calavo Growers, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows of Calavo Growers, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2014.  Our audit also included the financial statement schedule for the year ended October 31, 2014 listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2). These financial statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows of Calavo Growers Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2014, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule for the year ended October 31, 2014, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

67 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of  

Calavo Growers, Inc. 

Santa Paula, California 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Calavo Growers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the index at Item 15 (a). These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Calavo Growers, Inc. and subsidiaries at October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Calavo Growers Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated December 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

68 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Not applicable.  

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   October 31, 2016.   

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).  Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report based on the framework set forth in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework).   

Based on our evaluation under the framework set forth in   Internal Control   Integrated Framework  , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2016.  Our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016 has been audited by Deloitte LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.  

69 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of  

Calavo Growers, Inc. 

Santa Paula, California 

We have audited internal control over financial reporting of Calavo Growers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of October 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.  

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  

In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended October 31, 2016 of the Company and our report dated December 23, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule.   

70 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None.  

PART III 

Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report because   we will file a definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders   pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Proxy Statement  ), not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report, and the applicable   information included in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The names of our executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies are incorporated by reference from Part I, above.  

The following information is included in our Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year end of October 31, 2016 (the Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference:  

Information regarding our directors who are standing for reelection and any persons nominated to become our directors is set forth under "Election of Directors."      

Information regarding our Audit Committee and designated "audit committee financial expert" is set forth under "Corporate Governance Principles and Board Matters Board Structure and Committee Composition Audit Committee."      

Information on our code of ethics for directors, officers and employees and our Corporate Governance Guidelines is set forth under "Corporate Governance Principles and Board Matters."      

Information regarding Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance is set forth under "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance."      

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled  Executive Compensation  and  Directors  Compensation  in the Proxy Statement. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections entitled  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  and  Equity Compensation Plan Information  in the Proxy Statement.  

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section entitled  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  in the Proxy Statement.   

Item 14. Principal Accountant s Fees and Services 

Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.  

71 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)  (1)     Financial Statements    

The following consolidated financial statements as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 and for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016 are included herewith:  

Consolidated Balance Sheets, Consolidated Statements of Income, Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and Report of Deloitte and Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

(2)    Supplemental Schedules    

Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts  

All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

72 

(3)    Exhibits    

Exhibit Number  

Description  

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of  

February 20, 2001 between Calavo Growers, Inc. and Calavo  

Growers of California.  1  

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 7, 2003  

Among Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Acquisition, Inc., Maui Fresh  

International, Inc. and Arthur J. Bruno, Robert J. Bruno and Javier J. Badillo  2  

2.3 

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2005, between   

Limoneira Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

2.4 

Acquisition Agreement between Calavo Growers, Inc., a California corporation and Lecil E. Cole, Eric Weinert, Suzanne Cole-Savard, Guy Cole, and Lecil E. Cole and Mary Jeanette Cole, acting jointly and severally as trustees of the Lecil E. and Mary Jeanette Cole Revocable Trust dated October 19, 1993, also known as the Lecil E. and Mary Jeanette Cole Revocable 1993 Trust dated May 19, 2008   4  

2.5 

Acquisition Agreement between Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Salsa Lisa, LLC, Lisa s Salsa Company and Elizabeth Nicholson and Eric Nicholson dated February 8, 2010   5  

2.6 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement for Calavo Salsa Lisa, LLC dated February 8, 2010 among Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Salsa Lisa LLC, Lisa s Salsa Company, Elizabeth Nicholson and Eric Nicholson. (Portions of this agreement have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.)   15  

2.7 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 25, 2011 among Calavo Growers, Inc., CG Mergersub LLC, Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and RFG Nominee Trust  1   (Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential treatment filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The omitted portions of the exhibit have been separately filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)   19  

2.9 

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 31, 2013, among Calavo Growers, Inc., Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and RFG Nominee Trust.   25  

2.10 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated August 16, 2013, by and among FreshRealm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the Members.   26  

2.11 

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 1, 2013, among Calavo Growers, Inc., Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth J. Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James S. Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and the RFG Nominee Trust.   27  

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Calavo Growers, Inc.    1  

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc.  6  

3.3 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc.   18     

3.4 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc., effective as of September 25, 2014.   28  

10.1 

Form of Marketing Agreement for Calavo Growers, Inc.  7  

10.2 

Marketing Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996 between  

Tropical Hawaiian Products, Inc., a Hawaiian corporation,  

and Calavo Growers of California.    1  

10.3 

Lease Agreement dated as of November 21, 1997, between Tede  

S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, and Calavo de Mexico,  

S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, including attached Guaranty  

of Calavo Growers of California dated December 16, 1996.  1  

10.4 

Lease agreement dated as of February 15, 2005, between Limoneira  

Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

10.5 

Standstill agreement dated June 1, 2005, between Limoneira  

Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

73 

74 

*  Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2 

Previously filed on January 23, 2004 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

3 

Previously filed on June 9, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

4  Previously filed on May 29, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

5  Previously filed on February 8, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

75 

6  Previously filed on December 19, 2002 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.   

7  Previously filed on January 28, 2003 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

8  Previously filed on May 8, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

9  Previously filed on March 21, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF14A and incorporated herein by reference. 

10  Previously filed on October 19, 2007 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

11  Previously filed on January 27, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K/A and incorporated herein by reference. 

12  Previously filed on September 11, 2006 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

13  Previously filed on August 6, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

14  Previously filed on January 11, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

15  Previously filed on March 11, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

16  Previously filed on January 14, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

17  Previously filed on March 2, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

18  Previously filed on March 30, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

19  Previously filed on January 10, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated herein by reference. 

20  Previously filed on June 15, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

21  Previously filed on September 9, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

22  Previously filed on October 6, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

23  Previously filed on November 14, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

24  Previously filed on November 6, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

25  Previously filed on September 4, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

26  Previously filed on September 9, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

27  Previously filed on November 26, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

28  Previously filed on September 30, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

76 

29  Previously filed on March 11, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

30  Previously filed on March 12, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

31  Previously filed on June 9, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

32  Previously filed on January 19, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

33  Previously filed on January 26, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

34  Previously filed on May 26, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

35  Previously filed on June 14, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

36  Previously filed on August 29, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

37  Previously filed on September 8, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

38  Previously filed on November 1, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

(b)  Exhibits  

See subsection (a) (3) above.  

(c)    Financial Statement Schedules    

See subsection (a) (1) and (2) above.  

77 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on December 23, 2016. 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC  

By:  

/s/ Lecil E. Cole  

Lecil E. Cole  

Chairman of the Board of Directors, and   

Chief Executive Officer   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below on December 23, 2016 by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 

Signature  

Title  

/s/ Lecil E. Cole  

Chairman of the Board of Directors, and  

Lecil E. Cole  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ B. John Lindeman  

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary  

B. John Lindeman  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

/s/ James E. Snyder  

Corporate Controller  

James E. Snyder  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

/s/ Donald M. Sanders  

Director  

Donald M. Sanders  

/s/ Marc L. Brown  

Director  

Marc L. Brown  

/s/ John M. Hunt  

Director  

John M. Hunt  

/s/ Michael A. DiGregorio  

Director  

Michael A. DiGregorio  

/s/ J. Link Leavens  

Director  

J. Link Leavens  

/s/ James Helin  

Director  

James Helin  

/s/ Dorcas H. Thille  

Director  

Dorcas H. Thille   

/s/ Egidio Carbone, Jr  

Director  

Egidio Carbone, Jr  

/s/ Steven W. Hollister  

Director  

Steven W. Hollister  

/s/ Harold Edwards  

Director  

Harold Edwards  

/s/ Scott Van Der Kar  

Director  

Scott Van Der Kar  

78 

SCHEDULE II 

CALAVO GROWERS, INC. 

VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS (in thousands) 

(1)  Charged to net sales (customer deductions) or costs and expenses (doubtful accounts). 

(2)  Customer deductions taken or write off of accounts receivables. 

79 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

Exhibit Number  

Description  

2.1 

Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated as of  

February 20, 2001 between Calavo Growers, Inc. and Calavo  

Growers of California.  1  

2.2 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of November 7, 2003  

Among Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Acquisition, Inc., Maui Fresh  

International, Inc. and Arthur J. Bruno, Robert J. Bruno and Javier J. Badillo  2  

2.3 

Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of June 1, 2005, between  

Limoneira Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

2.4 

Acquisition Agreement between Calavo Growers, Inc., a California corporation and Lecil E. Cole, Eric Weinert, Suzanne Cole-Savard, Guy Cole, and Lecil E. Cole and Mary Jeanette Cole, acting jointly and severally as trustees of the Lecil E. and Mary Jeanette Cole Revocable Trust dated October 19, 1993, also known as the Lecil E. and Mary Jeanette Cole Revocable 1993 Trust dated May 19, 2008   4  

2.5 

Acquisition Agreement between Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Salsa Lisa, LLC, Lisa s Salsa Company and Elizabeth Nicholson and Eric Nicholson dated February 8, 2010   5  

2.6 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement for Calavo Salsa Lisa, LLC dated February 8, 2010 among Calavo Growers, Inc., Calavo Salsa Lisa LLC, Lisa s Salsa Company, Elizabeth Nicholson and Eric Nicholson. (Portions of this agreement have been deleted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission Pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.)   15  

2.7 

Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May 25, 2011 among Calavo Growers, Inc., CG Mergersub LLC, Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and RFG Nominee Trust  1   (Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted based upon a request for confidential treatment filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The omitted portions of the exhibit have been separately filed by the Registrant with the Securities and Exchange Commission.)   19  

2.8 

Sale of LLC Interest Agreement dated October 31, 2013 between Calavo Growers, Inc. and San Rafael Distributing, Inc.  24  

2.9 

Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated July 31, 2013, among Calavo Growers, Inc., Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and RFG Nominee Trust.   25  

2.10 

Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated August 16, 2013, by and among FreshRealm, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and the Members.   26  

2.11 

Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 1, 2013, among Calavo Growers, Inc., Renaissance Food Group, LLC and Liberty Fresh Foods, LLC, Kenneth J. Catchot, Cut Fruit, LLC, James S. Catchot, James Gibson, Jose O. Castillo, Donald L. Johnson and the RFG Nominee Trust.   27  

3.1 

Articles of Incorporation of Calavo Growers, Inc.    1  

3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc.  6  

3.3 

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc.   18  

3.4 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Calavo Growers, Inc., effective as of September 25, 2014.   28  

10.1 

Form of Marketing Agreement for Calavo Growers, Inc.  7  

10.2 

Marketing Agreement dated as of April 1, 1996 between Tropical Hawaiian Products, Inc., a Hawaiian corporation, and Calavo Growers of California.    1  

10.3 

Lease Agreement dated as of November 21, 1997, between Tede S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, and Calavo de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., a Mexican corporation, including attached Guaranty of Calavo Growers of California dated December 16, 1996.  1  

10.4 

Lease agreement dated as of February 15, 2005, between Limoneira Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

10.5 

Standstill agreement dated June 1, 2005, between Limoneira Company and Calavo Growers, Inc.  3  

10.6 

Standstill agreement dated June 1, 2005 between Calavo Growers, Inc. And Limoneira Company  3  

80 

81 

*  Filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

2 

Previously filed on January 23, 2004 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

3 

Previously filed on June 9, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

4 

Previously filed on May 29, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

5 

Previously filed on February 8, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

6 

Previously filed on December 19, 2002 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference.       

82 

7 

Previously filed on January 28, 2003 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

8 

Previously filed on May 8, 2008 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

9 

Previously filed on March 21, 2005 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF14A and incorporated herein by reference.     

10 

Previously filed on October 19, 2007 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

11 

Previously filed on January 27, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K/A and incorporated herein by reference.     

12 

Previously filed on September 11, 2006 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

13 

Previously filed on August 6, 2009 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

14 

Previously filed on January 11, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

15 

Previously filed on March 11, 2010 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

16 

Previously filed on January 14, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

17 

Previously filed on March 2, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

18 

Previously filed on March 30, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

19 

Previously filed on January 10, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K/A and incorporated herein by reference.     

20 

Previously filed on June 15, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

21 

Previously filed on September 9, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

22 

Previously filed on October 6, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

23 

Previously filed on November 14, 2011 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

24 

Previously filed on November 6, 2012 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

25 

Previously filed on September 4, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

26 

Previously filed on September 9, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

27 

Previously filed on November 26, 2013 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

28 

Previously filed on September 30, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.     

29 

Previously filed on March 11, 2014 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference.     

83 

30  Previously filed on March 12, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

31  Previously filed on June 9, 2015 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

32  Previously filed on January 19, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

33  Previously filed on January 26, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

34  Previously filed on May 26, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

35  Previously filed on June 14, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

36  Previously filed on August 29, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

37  Previously filed on September 8, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated herein by reference. 

38  Previously filed on November 1, 2016 as an exhibit to the Registrant s Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 

84 

<EX-10.35>
 2
 cvgw-20161031ex10351237a.htm
 EX-10.35

cvgw_EX_10-35

Exhibit 10.35 

AMENDMENT TO GOODWILL PROMISSORY NOTE 

This Amendment to Goodwill Promissory Note (this    Amended Note   ), dated as of November 29, 2016, amends that certain Goodwill Promissory Note (the    Note   ) dated as of October 31, 2012 by San Rafael Distributing, Inc., an Arizona corporation ("  Borrower  ") in favor of Calavo Growers, Inc., a California corporation (   Holder   ).  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Note. 

Borrower and Holder hereby agree to amend the Note as follows: 

1. 
			 The second sentence of the Note which states:  "The entire principal amount shall be due and payable on November 1, 2017" is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language:  "The entire principal amount shall be payable over a 36 month payment cycle, with the first payment, in the amount of $37,158.17, being due and payable on December 1, 2016, and each subsequent payment being due and payable on the first day of every month thereafter.  Interest at the rate of 4.5% per annum shall begin to accrue and be payable on December 1, 2017 and each month thereafter until paid in full.  The amortization table showing the date and amount of each payment is attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and its terms are incorporated herein.  The maturity date of the Note shall be November 1, 2019, and all principal and all accrued and unpaid interest shall be due and payable in full on such date."     

2. 
			 The payment of the Note is secured by a pledge of all of the membership interest of the Company owned by Borrower pursuant to that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (the    Security Agreement   ) dated as of October 31, 2012 by Borrower in favor of Holder, and the payment of the Note as amended hereby remains secured by the Security Agreement.       

3. 
			 Payment and performance of the Note is absolutely and unconditionally guaranteed by Francisco Clouthier (   Guarantor   ) pursuant to that certain Personal Guaranty (the    Guaranty   ) dated as of October 31, 2012 by Guarantor in favor of Holder, and the payment and performance of the Note as amended hereby remains guaranteed by the Guarantor on the terms of the Guaranty.     

4. 
			 Except as expressly amended herein, all other terms and conditions of the Note remain in full force and effect and are binding obligations of Borrower in connection with the Note, as amended hereby.     

-  1  - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Holder have executed and delivered this Amended Note as of the date first written above. 

BORROWER  

San Rafael Distributing, Inc.  

By:   

/s/: Francisco Clouthier  

Francisco Clouthier  

Its:  

President and Secretary  

HOLDER  

Calavo Growers, Inc.  

By:  

/s/: James Snyder  

James Snyder  

Its:  

Corporate Controller, CAO  

-  2  - 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.49>
 3
 cvgw-20161031ex104982ef4.htm
 EX-10.49

cvgw_EX_10-49

STANDARD OFFER, AGREEMENT AND ESCROW 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR PURCHASE OF REAL ESTATE 

(Non-Residential) 

AIR Commercial Real Estate Association 

1.  Buyer. 

1.1     Pac West Group Inc. and/or Assignee  , ( Buyer ) hereby offers to purchase the real property, hereinafter described, from the owner thereof (   Seller   ) (collectively, the    Parties    or individually, a    Party   ), through an escrow (  "Escrow"  ) to on or before March 8, 2017, (   Expected Closing Date   ) to be held by   First American Title-Phyllis Chambers    (   Escrow Holder   ) whose address is   777 So. Figueroa Street, 4th     Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90017  , Phone No.   (213) 271 - 1720  , Facsimile No.   (714) 361 - 3595   upon the terms and conditions set forth in this agreement (  "Agreement   ).  Buyer shall have the right to assign Buyer s rights hereunder, but any such assignment shall not relieve Buyer of Buyer's obligations herein unless Seller expressly releases Buyer. 

1.2   The term    Date of Agreement    as used herein shall be the date when by execution and delivery (as defined in paragraph 20.2) of this document or a subsequent counteroffer thereto, Buyer and Seller have reached agreement in writing whereby Seller agrees to sell, and Buyer agrees to purchase, the Property upon terms accepted by both Parties.  

2.  Property. 

2.1   The real property (   Property   ) that is the subject of this offer consists of (insert a brief physical description)   An approximately 64, 678 SF industrial facility on approximately 7.24 acres.   is located in the City of   Temecula  , County of   Riverside  , State of   California  , is commonly known by the street address of   28410 Vincent Morage Drive  ,    Temecula, CA   and is legally described as:   to be supplied by First American Title Co. in Escrow 

(APN:   921   281   018   8   ). 

2.2   If the legal description of the Property is not complete or is inaccurate, this Agreement shall not be invalid and the legal description shall be completed or corrected to meet the requirements of   First  American Title Company   ( Title Company ), which shall issue the title policy hereinafter described. 

2.3  The Property includes, at no additional cost to Buyer, the permanent improvements thereon, including those items which pursuant to applicable law are a part of the property, as well as the following items, if any, owned by Seller and at present located on the Property: electrical distribution systems (power panel, bus ducting, conduits, disconnects, lighting fixtures); telephone distribution systems (lines, jacks and connections only); space healers; heating, ventilating, air conditioning equipment (   HVAC   ); air lines; fire sprinkler systems; security and fire detection systems; carpets; 

(collectively, the    Improvements   ).  

2.4  The fire sprinkler monitor:   is owned by Seller and included in the Purchase Price,   is leased by Seller, and Buyer will need to negotiate a new lease with the fire monitoring company,   ownership will be determined during Escrow, or   there is no fire sprinkler monitor. 

2.5  Except as provided in Paragraph 2.3 the Purchase Price does not include Seller s personal property, furniture and furnishings, and   F.F. E. listed on Exhibit  A  attached hereto   all of which shall be removed by Seller as provided in paragraph 30.  

3.  Purchase Price. 

3.1  The purchase price (   Purchase Price   ) to be paid by Buyer to Seller for the Property shall be   $6,600,000.00  , payable all in cash at closing: 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 1 of 22 

3.2  If Buyer is taking title to the Property subject to, or assuming, an Existing Deed of Trust and such deed of trust permits the beneficiary to demand payment of fees including, but not limited to, points, processing fees, and appraisal fees as a condition to the transfer of the Property. Buyer agrees to pay such fees up to a maximum of 1.5% of the unpaid principal balance of the applicable Existing Note.  

4.  Deposits. 

4.1   Buyer has delivered to Broker a check in the sum of   $100,000.00  , payable to Escrow Holder, to be delivered by Broker to Escrow Holder within 2 or                 business days after both Parties have executed this Agreement and the executed Agreement has been delivered to Escrow Holder,   or     within 2 or                 business days after both Parties have executed this Agreement and the executed Agreement has been delivered to Escrow Holder Buyer shall deliver to Escrow Holder a check in the sum of $                                 . If said check is not received by Escrow Holder within said time period then Seller may elect to unilaterally terminate this transaction by giving written notice of such election to Escrow Holder whereupon neither Party shall have any further liability to the other under this Agreement.  Should Buyer and Seller not enter into an agreement for purchase and sale, Buyer s check or funds shall, upon request by Buyer, be promptly returned to Buyer. 

4.3  Escrow Holder shall deposit the funds deposited with it by Buyer pursuant to paragraphs 4.1 and 4.2 (collectively the    Deposit   ), in a State or Federally chartered bank in an interest bearing account whose term is appropriate and consistent with the timing requirements of this transaction. The interest therefrom shall accrue to the benefit of Buyer, who hereby acknowledges that there may be penalties or interest forfeitures if the applicable instrument is redeemed prior to its specified maturity.  Buyer s Federal Tax Identification Number is   to be supplied in Escrow  . 

NOTE: Such interest bearing account cannot be opened until Buyer s Federal Tax Identification Number is provided. 

4.4  Notwithstanding the foregoing, within 5 days after Escrow Holder receives the monies described in paragraph 4.1 above, Escrow Holder shall release $100 of said monies to Seller as and for independent consideration for Seller s execution of this Agreement and the granting of the contingency period to Buyer as herein provided.  Such independent consideration is non-refundable to Buyer but shall be credited to the Purchase Price in the event that the purchase of the Property is completed.  

4.5  Upon waiver of all of Buyer's contingencies the Deposit shall become non-refundable but applicable to the Purchase Price except in the event of a Seller breach. 

7.  Real Estate Brokers. 

7.1  The following real estate broker(s) (   Brokers   ) and brokerage relationships exist in this transaction and are consented to by the Parties (check the applicable boxes): 

Kevin Kelly   CBRE  

represents Seller exclusively   ( Seller s Broker   );  

ROB Gunness   CBRE  

represents Buyer exclusively (   Buyer s Broker   ); or  

represents both Seller and Buyer   ( Dual Agency   ).  

The Parties acknowledge that other than the Brokers listed above, there are no other brokers representing the Parties or due any fees and/or commissions under this Agreement See paragraph 24 regarding the nature of a real estate agency relationship. Buyer shall use the service of Buyer s Broker exclusively in connection with any and all negotiations and offers with respect to the Property for a period of 1 year from the date inserted for reference purposes at the top of page 1.  

7.2  Buyer and Seller each represent and warrant to the other that he/she/it has had no dealings with any person, firm, broker or finder in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and/or the consummation of the purchase and sale contemplated herein, other than the Brokers named in paragraph 7.1, and no broker or other person, firm or entity, other than said Brokers is/are entitled to any commission or finder s fee in connection with this transaction as the result of any dealings or acts of such Party. Buyer and Seller do each hereby agree to indemnify, defend, protect and hold the other harmless from and against any costs, expenses or liability for compensation, commission or charges which may be claimed by any broker, finder or other similar party, other than said named Brokers by reason of any dealings of act or the indemnifying Party. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 2 of 22 

8.  Escrow and Closing. 

8.1   Upon acceptance hereof by Seller, this Agreement, including any counteroffers incorporated herein by the Parties, shall constitute not only the agreement of purchase and sale between Buyer and Seller, but also instructions to Escrow Holder for the consummation of the Agreement through the Escrow. Escrow Holder shall not prepare any further escrow instructions restating or amending the Agreement unless specifically so instructed by the Parties or a Broker herein. Subject to the reasonable approval of the Parties, Escrow Holder may, however, include its standard general escrow provisions. In the event that there is any conflict between the provisions of the Agreement and the provisions of any additional escrow instructions the provisions of the Agreement shall prevail as to the Parties and the Escrow Holder. 

8.2   As soon as practical after the receipt of this Agreement and any relevant counteroffers, Escrow Holder shall ascertain the Date of Agreement as defined in paragraphs 1.2 and 20.2 and advise the Parties and Brokers, in writing, of the date ascertained. 

8.3   Escrow Holder is hereby authorized and instructed to conduct the Escrow in accordance with this Agreement, applicable law and custom and practice of the community in which Escrow Holder is located, including any reporting requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. In the event of a conflict between the Jaw of the state where the Property is located and the law of the state where the Escrow Holder Is located, the law of the state where the Property is located shall prevail. 

8.4   Subject to satisfaction of the contingencies herein described, Escrow Holder shall close this escrow (the    Closing   ) by recording a general warranty deed (a grant deed in California) and the other documents required to be recorded, and by disbursing the funds and documents in accordance with this Agreement. 

8.5   Buyer and Seller shall each pay one-half of the Escrow Holder s charges and Seller shall pay the usual recording fees and any required documentary transfer taxes. Seller shall pay the premium for a standard coverage owner's or joint protection policy of title insurance.  (See also paragraph 11)  

8.6   Escrow Holder shall verify that all of Buyer's contingencies have been satisfied or waived prior to Closing. The matters contained in paragraphs 9.1 subparagraphs (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (i), (n), and (c), 9.4, 12, 13, 14, 16, 18, 20, 21, 22, and 24 are, however, matters of agreement between the Parties only and are not Instructions to Escrow Holder. 

8.7   If this transaction is terminated for non-satisfaction and non-waiver of a Buyer's Contingency, as defined in paragraph 9.2, then neither of the Parties shall thereafter have any liability to the other under this Agreement, except to the extent of a breach of any affirmative covenant or warranty in this Agreement. In the event of such termination, Buyer shall, subject to the provisions of paragraph 8.10, be promptly refunded all funds deposited by Buyer with Escrow Holder, less only the $100 provided for in paragraph 4.4 and the Title Company and Escrow Holder cancellation fees and costs, all of which shall be Buyer's obligation. If this transaction is terminated as a result of Seller's breach of this Agreement then Seller shall pay the Title Company end Escrow Holder cancellation fees and costs. 

8.8   The Closing shall occur on the Expected Closing Date, as soon as the Escrow is in condition for Closing the Closing does not occur by the Expected Closing Date and said Date is not extended by mutual instructions of the Parties, a Party not then in default under this Agreement may notify the other Party, Escrow Holder, and Brokers, the Escrow shall be deemed terminated without further notice or instructions.  

8.9   Except as otherwise provided herein, the termination of Escrow shall not relieve or release either Party from any obligation to pay Escrow Holder's fees and costs or constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any breach or default that has occurred in the performance of the obligations, agreements, covenants or warranties contained therein. 

8.10  If this sale of the Property is not consummated for any reason other than Seller s breach or default, then at Seller's request, and as a condition to any obligation to return Buyer's deposit (see paragraph 21), Buyer shall within 5 days after written request deliver to Seller, at no charge, copies of all surveys, engineering studies, soil reports, maps, master plans, feasibility studies and other similar items prepared by or for Buyer that pertain to the Property. Provided, however, that Buyer shall not be required to deliver any such report if the written contract which Buyer entered into with the consultant who prepared such report specifically forbids the dissemination of the report to others.  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 3 of 22 

9.  Contingencies to Closing. 

9.1   The Closing of this transaction is contingent upon the satisfaction or waiver of the following contingencies.   IF BUYER FAILS TO NOTIFY ESCROW HOLDER, IN WRITING, OF THE DISAPPROVAL OF ANY OF SAID CONTINGENCIES WITHIN THE TIME SPECIFIED THEREIN, IT SHALL BE CONCLUSIVELY PRESUMED THAT BUYER HAS APPROVED SUCH ITEM, MATIER OR DOCUMENT  . Buyer s conditional approval shall constitute disapproval, unless provision is made by the Seller within the time specified therefore by the Buyer in such conditional approval or by this Agreement, whichever is later, for the satisfaction or the condition imposed by the Buyer. Escrow Holder shall promptly provide all Parties with copies of any written disapproval or conditional approval which it receives. With regard to subparagraphs (a) through (m) the pre-printed time periods shall control unless a different number of days is inserted in the spaces provided. 

(a)    Disclosure  . Seller shall make to Buyer through Escrow, all of the applicable disclosures required by law (See AIR Commercial Real Estate Association (   AIR"  ) standard form entitled "Seller's Mandatory Disclosure Statement ) and provide Buyer with a completed Property Information Sheet (   Property Information Sheet   ) concerning the Property, duly executed by or on behalf of Seller in the current form or equivalent to that published by the AIR within     5     days from Opening of Escrow. Buyer has 10 days from the receipt of said disclosures to approve or disapprove the matters disclosed. 

(b)    Physical Inspection.   Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2017 to satisfy itself with regard to the physical aspects and size of the Property. 

(c)    Hazardous Substance Conditions Report  . Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2017 to satisfy itself with regard to the environmental aspects of the Property. Seller recommends that Buyer obtain a Hazardous Substance Conditions Report concerning the Property and relevant adjoining properties. Any such report shall be paid for by Buyer. A    Hazardous Substance    for purposes of this Agreement is defined as any substance whose nature and/or quantity of existence) use, manufacture, disposal or effect, render it subject to Federal, state or local regulation, investigation, remediation or removal as potentially injurious to public health or welfare.  A    Hazardous Substance Condition"   for purposes of this Agreement is defined as the existence on. under or relevantly adjacent to the Property of a Hazardous Substance that would require remediation and/or removal under applicable Federal, state or local law.  

(d)    Soil     Inspection  . Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2017 to satisfy itself with regard to the condition of the soils on the Property. Seller recommends that Buyer obtain a soil test report. Any such report shall be paid for by Buyer. Seller shall provide Buyer copies of any soils report that Seller may have within 10 days of the Date of Agreement.  

(e)    Governmental Approvals  . Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2017 to satisfy itself with regard to approvals and permits from governmental agencies or departments which have or  may have jurisdiction over the Property and which Buyer deems necessary or desirable in connection with its intended use of the Property, including, but not limited to, permits and approvals required with respect to zoning, planning, building and safety, fire, police, handicapped and Americans with Disabilities Act requirements, transportation and environmental matters. 

(f)    Conditions     of Title  . Escrow Holder shall cause a current commitment for title insurance (   Title Commitment   ) concerning the Property issued by the Title Company, as well as legible copies of all documents referred to in the Title Commitment (   Underlying Documents   ), and a scaled and dimensioned plot showing the location of any easements to be delivered to Buyer within 10 days following Opening of Escrow. Buyer has 10 days from the receipt of the Title Commitment, the Underlying Documents and the plot plan to satisfy itself with regard to the condition of title. The disapproval by Buyer of any monetary encumbrance, which by the terms of this Agreement is not to remain against the Property after the Closing, shall not be considered a failure of this contingency, as Seller shall have the obligation, at Seller s expense, to satisfy and remove such disapproved monetary encumbrance at or before the Closing. 

(g)    Survey  . Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2017 to satisfy itself with regard to any ALTA title supplement based upon a survey prepared to American Land Title Association (   ALTA   ) standards for an owner s policy by a licensed surveyor, showing the legal description and boundary lines of the Property, any easements of record and any improvements, poles, structures and things located within 10 feet of either side of the Property boundary lines. Any such survey shall be prepared at Buyer's direction and expense. If Buyer has obtained a survey and approved the ALTA title supplement, Buyer may elect within the period allowed for Buyer s approval of a survey to have an ALTA extended coverage owner s form of title policy, in which event Buyer shall pay any additional premium attributable thereto. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 4 of 22 

(h)    Existing     Leases   and   Tenancy Statements  . Seller shall within     5     days following the Opening of Escrow provide both Buyer and Escrow Holder with legible copies of all leases, subleases or rental arrangements (collectively,    Existing Leases   ) affecting the Property, and with a tenancy statement (   Estoppel Certificate   ) in the latest form or equivalent to that published by the AIR, executed by Seller and/or each tenant and subtenant of the Property. Seller shall use its best efforts to have each tenant complete and execute an Estoppel Certificate. If any tenant falls or refuses to provide an Estoppel Certificate then Seller shall complete and execute an Estoppel Certificate for that tenancy. Buyer has 10 days from the receipt of said Existing Leases and Estoppel Certificates to satisfy itself with regard to the Existing Leases and any other tenancy issues. 

(i)    Owner's Association  . Seller shall     5     days following the Opening of Escrow provide Buyer with a statement and transfer package from any owner's association servicing the Property. Such transfer package shall at a minimum include: copies of the association's bylaws, articles of Incorporation, current budget and financial statement. Buyer has 10 days from the receipt of such documents to satisfy itself with regard to the association. 

(j)    Other Agreements  . Seller shall within     5     days following the Opening of Escrow provide Buyer with legible copies of all other agreements (   Other Agreements   ) known to Seller that will affect the Property after Closing. Buyer has 10 days from the receipt of said Other Agreements to satisfy itself with regard to such Agreements.  

(k)  The Buyer shall have the ability to conduct any non-Invasive Investigations and due diligence regarding the Property for Buyers Intended use and development that Buyer deems Important in its discretion, and Buyer shall have the right prior to 5.00 p.m. on February 6, 2017, to satisfy itself with regards to such Investigations. 

(m)   Personal Property.   In the event that any personal property is included in the Purchase Price, Buyer has until 5:00 p.m. February 6, 2016 to satisfy itself with regard to the title condition of such personal property. Seller recommends that Buyer obtain a UCC-1 report. Any such report shall be paid for by Buyer. Seller shall provide Buyer copies of any liens or encumbrances affecting such personal property that it is aware of within     5     days following the Opening of Escrow. 

(n)    Destruction, Damage or Loss.   Subsequent to the Date of Agreement and prior to Closing there shall not have occurred a destruction, or damage or loss to, the Property or any portion thereof, from any cause whatsoever, which would cost more than $10,000.00 to repair or cure. If the cost of repair or cure is $10,000.00 or less, Seller shall repair or cure the loss prior to the Closing. Buyer shall have the option, within 10 days after receipt of written notice of a loss costing more than $10,000.00 to repair or cure, to either terminate this Agreement or to purchase the Property notwithstanding such loss, but without deduction or offset against the Purchase Price. If the cost to repair or cure is more than $10,000.00, and Buyer does not elect to terminate this Agreement, Buyer shall be entitled to any insurance proceeds applicable to such loss. Unless otherwise notified in writing, Escrow Holder shall assume no such destruction, damage or loss has occurred prior to Closing. 

(o)    Material Change.   Buyer shall have 10 days following receipt of written notice of a Material Change within which to satisfy itself with regard to such change.   "Material Change"   shall mean a substantial adverse change in the use, occupancy, tenants, title, or condition of the Property that occurs after the date of this offer and prior to the Closing. Unless otherwise notified in writing, Escrow Holder shall assume that no Material Change has occurred prior to the Closing. 

(p)    Seller Performance.   The delivery of all documents and the due performance by Seller of each and every undertaking and agreement to be performed by Seller under this Agreement. 

9.2   All of the contingencies specified in subparagraphs (a) through (m) of paragraph 9.1 are for the benefit or, and may be waived by, Buyer, and may be elsewhere herein referred to as    Buyer's Contingencies."    

9.3   If any of Buyer's Contingencies or any other matter subject to Buyer's approval is disapproved as provided for herein in a timely manner ("  Disapproved Item"  )  ,   Seller shall have the right within 10 days following the receipt of notice of Buyer s disapproval to elect to cure such Disapproved item prior to the Expected Closing Date (   Seller's Election   ). Seller's failure to give to Buyer within such period, written notice of Seller's commitment to cure such Disapproved Item on or before the Expected Closing Date shall be conclusively presumed to be Seller's Election not to cure such Disapproved Item. If Seller elects, either by written notice or failure to give written notice, not to cure a Disapproved Item, Buyer shall have the right, within 10 days after Seller's Election to either accept title to the Property subject to such Disapproved Item, or to terminate this Agreement. Buyer s failure to notify Seller in writing of Buyer's election to accept title to the Property subject to the Disapproved Item without deduction or offset shall constitute Buyer's election to terminate this Agreement. The above time periods only apply once for each Disapproved Item. Unless expressly provided otherwise herein, Seller s right to cure shall not apply to the remediation of Hazardous Substance Conditions. Unless the Parties mutually instruct otherwise, if the time periods for the satisfaction of contingencies or for Seller s and Buyer s elections would expire on a date after the Expected Closing Date, the Expected Closing Dale shall be deemed extended for 3 business days following the expiration of: (a) the applicable contingency period(s), (b) the period within which the Seller may elect to cure the Disapproved Item, or (c) If Seller elects not to cure, the period within which Buyer may elect to proceed with this transaction, whichever is later.  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 5 of 22 

9.4  The Parties acknowledge that extensive local, state and Federal legislation establish broad liability upon owners and/or users of real property tor the investigation and remediation of Hazardous Substances. The determination of the existence of a Hazardous Substance Condition and the evaluation of the impact of such a condition are highly technical and beyond the expertise of Brokers. The Parties acknowledge that they have been advised by Brokers to consul! their own technical and legal experts with respect to the possible presence of Hazardous Substances on the Property or adjoining properties, and Buyer and Seller are not relying upon any investigation by or statement of Brokers with respect thereto. The Parties hereby assume all responsibility for the impact of such Hazardous Substances upon their respective Interests herein. 

10.  Documents Required at or Before Closing:  

10.1  Five days prior to the Closing date Escrow Holder shall obtain an updated Title Commitment concerning the Property from the Title Company and provide copies thereof to each of the Parties. 

10.2  Seller shall deliver to Escrow Holder in time for delivery to Buyer at the Closing: 

(a)  Grant or general warranty deed. duly executed and In recordable form, conveying fee title to the Property to Buyer. 

(c)  If applicable, the Existing Leases and Other Agreements together with duly executed assignments thereof by Seller and Buyer. The assignment of Existing Leases shall be on the most recent Assignment and Assumption or Lessor's Interest in Lease from published by the AIR or its equivalent.  

(e)  An affidavit executed by Seller to the effect that Seller is not a  foreign person  within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code Section 1445 or successor statutes. If Seller does not provide such affidavit in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer at least 3 business days prior to the Closing. Escrow Holder shall at the Closing deduct from Seller s proceeds and remit to the Internal Revenue Service such sum as is required by applicable Federal law with respect to purchases from foreign sellers.  

(f)  If the Property is located in California, an affidavit executed by Seller to the effect that Seller is not a  nonresident  within the meaning of California Revenue and Tax Code Section 18662 or successor statutes. If Seller does not provide such affidavit in form reasonably satisfactory to Buyer at least 3 business days prior to the Closing, Escrow Holder shall at the Closing deduct from Seller s proceeds and remit to !he Franchise Tax Board such sum as is required by such statute.  

(g) If applicable, a bill of sale, duly executed, conveying title to any included personal property to Buyer. 

(h) If the Seller is a corporation, a duly executed corporate resolution authorizing the execution of this Agreement and 1he sale of the Property. 

10.3 Buyer shall deliver to Seller through Escrow: 

(a)  The cash portion or the Purchase Price and such additional sums as are required of Buyer under this Agreement shall be deposited by Buyer with Escrow Holder, by federal funds wire transfer, or any other method acceptable to Escrow Holder in Immediately collectable funds, no later than 2:00 P.M. on the business day prior to the Expected Closing Date provided, however, that Buyer shall not be required to deposit such monies Into Escrow if at the time at set for the deposit of such monies Seller is in default or has indicated that it will not perform any of its obligations hereunder Instead, in such circumstances in order to reserve its rights to proceed Buyer need only provide Escrow with evidence establishing that the required monies were available. 

(d)  Assumptions duly executed by Buyer of the obligations of Seller that accrue after Closing under any Other Agreements. 

(l)   If the Buyer is a corporation, a duly executed corporate resolution authorizing the execution of this Agreement and the purchase of the Property.  

10.4    At Closing, Escrow Holder shall cause to be issued to Buyer a standard coverage (or ALTA extended, if elected pursuant to 9.1(g)) owner s form policy of title insurance effective as of the Closing, issued by the Title Company in the full amount of the Purchase Price, insuring title to the Property vested in Buyer, subject only to the exceptions approved by Buyer. In the event there is a Purchase Money Deed of Trust in this transaction, the policy of title insurance shall be a joint protection policy insuring both Buyer and Seller. 

IMPORTANT: IN A PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE OF REAL PROPERTY, IT MAY BE ADVISABLE TO OBTAIN TITLE INSURANCE IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLOSE OF ESCROW SINCE THERE MAY BE PRIOR RECORDED LIENS AND ENCUMBRANCES WHICH AFFECT YOUR INTEREST IN THE PROPERTY BEING ACQUIRED. A NEW POLICY OF TITLE INSURANCE SHOULD BE OBTAINED IN ORDER TO ENSURE YOUR INTEREST IN THE PROPERTY THAT YOU ARE ACQUIRING. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 6 of 22 

11.  Prorations and Adjustments. 

11.1    Taxes  . Applicable real property taxes and special assessment bonds shall be prorated through Escrow as of the date of the Closing, based upon the latest tax bill available. The Parties agree to prorate as of the Closing any taxes assessed against the Property by supplemental bill levied by reason of events occurring prior to the Closing. Payment of the prorated amount shall be made promptly in cash upon receipt of a copy of any supplemental bill.  

11.2    Insurance  .    WARNING:   Any insurance which Seller may have maintained will terminate on the Closing. Buyer is advised to obtain appropriate insurance to cover the Property.  

11.3    Rentals,     Interest     and     Expenses  . Scheduled rentals, interest on Existing Notes, utilities, and operating expenses shall be prorated as of the date of Closing. The Parties agree to promptly adjust between themselves outside of Escrow any rents received after the Closing.  

11.4    Security Deposit  . Security Deposits held by Seller shall be given to Buyer as a credit to the cash required of Buyer at the Closing.  

11.5    Post Closing Matters  . Any item to be prorated that is not determined or determinable at the Closing shall be promptly adjusted by the Parties by appropriate cash payment outside of the Escrow when the amount due is determined. 

11.6    Variations in Existing Note Balances  . In the event that Buyer is purchasing the Property subject to an Existing Deed of Trust(s), and in the event that a Beneficiary Statement as to the applicable Existing Note(s) discloses that the unpaid principal balance of such Existing Note(s) at the closing will be more or less than the amount set forth In paragraph 3.1(c) hereof (   Existing Note Variation   ), then the Purchase Money Note(s) shall be reduced or increased by an amount equal to such Existing Note Variation. If there is to be no Purchase Money Note, the cash required at the Closing per paragraph 3.1(a) shall be reduced or increased by the amount of such Existing Note Variation.  

11.7    Variations in New Loan Balance.   In the event Buyer is obtaining a New Loan and the amount ultimately obtained exceeds the amount set forth in paragraph 5.1, then the amount of the Purchase Money Note, if any, shall be reduced by the amount of such excess. 

11.8    Owner s Association Fees.   Escrow Holder shall: (i) bring Seller s account with the association current and pay any delinquencies or transfer fees from Seller s proceeds, and (ii) pay any up front fees required by the association from Buyer s funds. 

12.  Representations and Warranties of Seller and Disclaimers.  Paragraph 28. 

12.1  Seller s warranties and representations shall survive the Closing and delivery of the deed for a period of 31 years, and any lawsuit or action based upon them must be commenced within such time period. Seller s warranties and representations are true, material and relied upon by Buyer and Brokers in all respects. Seller hereby makes the following warranties and representations to Buyer and Brokers:  

(a)    Authority of Seller  . Seller is the owner or the Property and/or has the full right, power and authority to sell, convey and transfer the Property to Buyer as provided herein, and to perform Seller s obligations hereunder. 

(b)    Maintenance During Escrow and Equipment Condition At Closing.   Except as otherwise provided in paragraph 9.1(n) hereof, Seller shall maintain the Property until the Closing in its present condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted. 

(c)    Hazardous Substances/Storage Tanks.   Seller has no knowledge, except as otherwise disclosed to Buyer in writing, of the existence or prior existence on the Property of any Hazardous Substance, nor of the existence or prior existence of any above below ground storage tank. 

(d)    Compliance  . Seller has no written notice from any governmental agency of any aspect or condition of the Property which violates applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes or covenants, conditions or restrictions, or of Improvements or alterations made to the Property which violates applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes or covenants, conditions or restriction or of improvements or alterations made to the Property without a permit where one was required, or of any unfulfilled order or directive of any applicable governmental agency requiring any remediation, repair, maintenance or improvement be performed on the Property. 

(e)    Changes in Agreements.   Prior to the Closing, Seller will not violate or modify any Existing Lease or Other Agreement, or create any new leases or other agreements affecting the Property, without Buyer s written approval, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld.  

(f)    Possessory Rights.   Seller has no knowledge that anyone will, at the Closing, have any right to possession of the Property. except as disclosed by this Agreement or otherwise in writing to Buyer.  

(g)   Mechanics  Liens.   There are no unsatisfied mechanics  or materialmens  lien rights concerning the Property.  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 7 of 22 

(h)   Actions, Suits or Proceedings.   Seller has no knowledge or any actions, suits or proceedings pending or threatened before any commission, board, bureau, agency, arbitrator, court or tribunal that would affect the Property or the right to occupy or utilize same.  

(i)    Notice of Changes.   Seller will promptly notify Buyer and Brokers in writing of any Material Change (see paragraph 9.1(o)) affecting the Property that becomes known to Seller prior to the Closing. 

(j)  No   Tenant Bankruptcy Proceedings.   Seller has no notice or knowledge that any tenant of the Property is the subject or a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding. 

(k)   No Seller Bankruptcy Proceedings.   Seller is not the subject of a bankruptcy, insolvency or probate proceeding.  

(l)    Personal Property.   Seller has no knowledge that anyone will, at the Closing, have any right to possession of any personal property included in the Purchase Price nor knowledge or any liens or encumbrances affecting such personal property, except as disclosed by this Agreement or otherwise in writing to Buyer.  

12.2  Buyer hereby acknowledges that, except as otherwise stated in this Agreement , Buyer is purchasing the Property in its existing condition and will, by the time called for herein, make or have waived all inspections of the Property Buyer believes are necessary to protect its own interest in, and its contemplated use of, the Property. The Parties acknowledge that, except as otherwise stated in this Agreement, no representations, inducements, promises, agreements, assurances, oral or written, concerning the Property, or any aspect of the occupational safety and health laws, Hazardous Substance laws, or any other act, ordinance or law, have been made by either Party or Brokers, or relied upon by either Party hereto. 

12.3  In the event that Buyer learns that a Seller representation or warranty might be untrue prior to the Closing, and Buyer elects to purchase the Property anyway then, and in that evont, Buyer waives any right that it may have to bring an action or proceeding against Seller or Brokers regarding said representation or warranty. 

12.4  Any environmental reports, soils reports, surveys, and other similar documents which were prepared by third party consultants and provided to Buyer by Seller or Seller s representatives, have been delivered as an accommodation to Buyer and without any representation or warranty as to the sufficiency, accuracy, completeness, and/or validity of said documents, all of which Buyer relies on at Its own risk. Seller believes said documents to be accurate, but Buyer is advised to retain appropriate consultants to review said documents and investigate the Property. 

13.  Possession. 

Possession of the Property shall be given to Buyer at the Closing subject to Seller rights. See paragraph 30. 

14.  Buyer s Entry. 

At any time during the Escrow period, Buyer, and its agents and representatives, shall have the right at reasonable times and subject to rights of tenants, to enter upon the Property for the purpose of making inspections and tests specified in this Agreement. No destructive testing shall be conducted, however, without Seller s prior approval which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Following any such entry or work, unless otherwise directed in writing by Seller, Buyer shall return the Property to the condition it was in prior to such entry or work, including the recompaction or removal of any disrupted soil or material as Seller may reasonably direct. All such inspections and tests and any other work conducted or materials furnished with respect to the Property by or for Buyer shall be paid for by Buyer as and when due and Buyer shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless Seller and the Property of and from any and all claims, liabilities, losses, expenses (including reasonable attorneys  fees), damages, including those for injury to person or property, arising out of or relating to any such work or materials or the acts or omissions of Buyer, its agents or employees in connection therewith. See Paragraph 27. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 8 of 22 

15.  Further Documents and Assurances. 

The Parties shall each, diligently and in good faith, undertake all actions and procedures reasonably required to place the Escrow in condition for Closing as and when required by this Agreement. The Parties agree to provide all further information, and to execute and deliver all further documents, reasonably required by Escrow Holder or the Title Company. 

16.  Attorneys' Fees. 

If any Party or Broker brings an action or proceeding (including arbitration) involving the Property whether founded in tort, contract or equity, or to declare rights hereunder, the Prevailing Party (as hereafter defined) in any such proceeding, action, or appeal thereon, shall be entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees. Such fees may be awarded in the same suit or recovered in a separate suit, whether or not such action or proceeding is pursued to decision or judgment. The term   "Prevailing Party"   shall include, without limitation, a Party or Broker who substantially obtains or defeats the relief sought, as the case may be, whether by compromise, settlement, judgment, or the abandonment by the other Party or Broker of its claim or defense. The attorneys  fees award shall not be computed in accordance with any court fee schedule, but shall be such as to fully reimburse all attorneys  fees reasonably incurred. 

17.  Prior Agreements/Amendments. 

17.1  This Agreement supersedes any and all prior agreements between Seller and Buyer regarding the Property.  

17.2  Amendments to this Agreement are effective only if made in writing and executed by Buyer and Seller.  

19.  Notices. 

19.1  Whenever any Party, Escrow Holder or Brokers herein shall desire to give or serve any notice, demand, request, approval, disapproval or other communication, each such communication shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, by messenger, or by mail, postage prepaid, to the address set forth in this agreement or by facsimile transmission, electronic signature, digital signature, or email.  

19.2  Service of any such communication shall be deemed made on the date of actual receipt if personally delivered, or transmitted by facsimile transmission, electronic signature, digital signature, or email. Any such communication sent by regular mall shell be deemed given 48 hours after the same is mailed. Communications sent by United States Express Mail or overnight courier that guarantee next day delivery shall be deemed delivered 24 hours after delivery or the same to the Postal Service or courier. If such communication is received on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, it shall be deemed received on the next business day.  

19.3  Any Party or Broker hereto may from time to time, by notice in writing, designate a different address to which, or a different person or additional persons to whom, all communications are thereafter to be made. 

20.  Duration of Offer. 

20.1  If this offer is not accepted by Seller on or before 5:00 P.M. according to the time standard applicable to the city of   Carlsbad   on the date of   December 15, 2016  , it shall be deemed automatically revoked.  

20.2 The acceptance of this offer. or of any subsequent counteroffer hereto, that creates an agreement between the Parties as described in paragraph 1.2 , shall be deemed made upon delivery to the other Party or either Broker herein of a duly executed writing unconditionally accepting the last outstanding offer or counteroffer.  

21.  LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.   (This Liquidated Damages paragraph is applicable only if initialed by both Parties).    

THE PARTIES AGREE THAT IT WOULD BE IMPRACTICABLE OR EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO FIX, PRIOR TO SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT, THE ACTUAL DAMAGES WHICH WOULD BE SUFFERED BY SELLER IF BUYER FAILS TO PERFORM ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THEREFORE, IF, AFTER THE SATISFACTION OR WAIVER OF ALL CONTINGENCIES PROVIDED FOR THE BUYER'S BENEFIT, BUYER BREACHES THIS AGREEMENT, SELLER SHALL BE ENTITLED TO LIQUIDATED DAMAGES IN THE AMOUNT OF     $100,000.00     UPON PAYMENT OF SAID SUM TO SELLER, BUYER SHALL BE RELEASED FROM ANY FURTHER LIABILITY TO SELLER, AND ANY ESCROW CANCELLATION FEES AND TITLE COMPANY CHARGES SHALL BE PAID BY SELLER. 

Seller Initials  

Buyer Initials  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 9 of 22 

22.  ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES. (See Paragraph 36). 

23.  Miscellaneous  . 

23.1  Binding Effect  .   This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties without regard to whether or not paragraphs 21 and 22 are initialed by both of the Parties, Paragraphs 21 and 22 are each incorporated into this Agreement only if initialed by both Parties at the time that the Agreement is executed. 

23.2  Applicable Law  .   This Agreement shall be governed by, and paragraph 22.3 is amended to refer to, the laws of the state in which the Property is located. Any litigation or arbitration between the Parties hereto concerning this Agreement shall be initiated in the county in which the Property is located. 

23.3  Time of Essence  .   Time is of the essence of this Agreement. 

23.4  Counterparts  .   This Agreement may be executed by Buyer and Seller In counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Escrow Holder, after verifying that the counterparts are identical except for the signatures, is authorized end instructed to combine the signed signature pages on one of the counterparts, which shall then constitute the Agreement. 

23.5  Waiver of Jury Trial  .     THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING INVOLVING THE PROPERTY OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT  . 

23.6  Conflict  .   Any conflict between the printed provisions of this Agreement and the typewritten or handwritten provisions shall be controlled by the typewritten or handwritten provisions.   Seller and Buyer must initial any and all handwritten provisions  . 

23.7  1031 Exchange  .   Both Seller and Buyer agree to cooperate with each other in the event that either or both wish to participate in a 1031 exchange.  Any party initiating an exchange shall bear all costs of such exchange.  The cooperating Party shall not have any liability (special or otherwise) for damages to the exchanging Party in the event that the sale is delayed and/or that the sale otherwise fails to qualify as a 1031 exchange. 

23.8  Days.     Unless otherwise specifically indicated to the contrary, the word  days  as used in this Agreement shall mean and refer to calendar days. 

24.  Disclosures Regarding The Nature of a Real Estate Agency Relationship  . 

24.1  The Parties and Brokers agree that their relationship(s) shall be governed by the principles set forth in the applicable sections of the California Civil Code, as summarized in paragraph 24.2. 

24.2  When entering into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding a real estate transaction, a Buyer or Seller should from the outset understand what type of agency relationship or representation it has with the agent or agents in the transaction. Buyer and Seller acknowledge being advised by the Brokers in this transaction, as follows: 

(a)   Seller s Agent  . A Seller s agent under a listing agreement with the Seller acts as the agent for the Seller only. A Seller s agent or subagent has the following affirmative obligations: (1)   To the Seller  : A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Seller. (2)   To the Buyer and the Seller:   a. Diligent exercise of reasonable skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. b. A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith. c. A duly to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential information obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

(b)   Buyer s Agent  . A selling agent can, with a Buyer s consent, agree to act as agent for the Buyer only. In these situations, the agent is not the Seller s agent, even if by agreement the agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in full or in part from the Seller. An agent acting only for a Buyer has the following affirmative obligations. (1)   To the Buyer  : A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty, and loyalty in dealings with the Buyer. (2)   To the Buyer and the Seller  . a. Diligent exercise of reasonable skills and care in performance of the agent s duties. b. A duty or honest and fair dealing and good faith. c. A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the diligent attention and observation of, the Parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either Party any confidential information obtained from the other Party which does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 10 of 22 

(c)   Agent Representing Both Seller and Buyer  . A real estate agent, either acting directly or through one or more associate licenses, can legally be the agent of both the Seller and the Buyer in a transaction, but only with the knowledge and consent of both the Seller and the Buyer. (1) In a dual agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to both the Seller and the Buyer: a. A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either Seller or the Buyer. b. Other duties to the Seller and the Buyer as stated above in their respective sections (a) or (b) of this paragraph 24.2. (2) In representing both Seller and Buyer, the agent may not without the express permission of the respective Party, disclose to the other Party that the Seller will accept a price less than the listing price or that the Buyer will pay a price greater than the price offered. (3) The above duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve a Seller or Buyer from the responsibility to protect their own interests. Buyer and Seller should carefully read all agreements to assure that they adequately express their understanding of the transaction. A real estate agent is a person qualified to advise about real estate. If legal or tax advice is desired, consult a competent professional. 

(d)   Further Disclosures  . Throughout this transaction Buyer and Seller may receive more than one disclosure, depending upon the number of agents assisting in the transaction. Buyer and Seller should each read its contents each time it is presented, considering the relationship between them and the real estate agent in this transaction and that disclosure. Buyer and Seller each acknowledge receipt of a disclosure of the possibility of multiple representation by the Broker representing that principal. This disclosure may be part of a listing agreement, buyer representation agreement or separate document. Buyer understands that Broker representing Buyer may also represent other potential buyers, who may consider, make offers on or ultimately acquire the Property. Seller understands that Broker representing Seller may also represent other sellers with competing properties that may be of interest to this Buyer. Brokers have no responsibility with respect to any default or breach hereof by either Party. The Parties agree that no lawsuit or other legal proceeding involving any breach of duty, error or omission relating to this transaction may be brought against Broker more than one year after the Date of Agreement and that the liability (including court costs and attorneys  fees), of any Broker with respect to any breach of duty, error or omission relating to this Agreement shall not exceed the fee received by such Broker pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing limitation on each Broker s liability shall not be applicable to any gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Broker. 

24.3    Confidential Information  : Buyer and Seller agree to identify to Brokers as  Confidential  any communication or information given Brokers that is considered by such Party to be confidential. 

25.  Construction of Agreement  . In construing this Agreement, all headings and titles are for the convenience of the Parties only and shall not be considered a part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. This Agreement shall not be construed as if prepared by one of the Parties, but rather according to its fair meaning as a whole, as if both Parties had prepared it. 

26  Additional Provisions:   Additional provisions of this offer, if any, are as follows or are attached hereto by an addendum or addenda consisting of paragraphs     27     through     39     . (If there are no additional provisions write  NONE .) 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 11 of 22 

ATTENTION: NO REPRESENTATION OR RECOMMENDATION IS MADE BY THE AIR COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE ASSOCIATION OR BY ANY BROKER AS TO THE LEGAL SUFFICIENCY, LEGAL EFFECT, OR TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTION TO WHICH IT RELATES.THE PARTIES ARE URGED TO:  

1.        SEEK ADVICE OF COUNSEL AS TO THE LEGAL AND TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

2.        RETAIN APPROPRIATE CONSULTANTS TO REVIEW AND INVESTIGATE THE CONDITION OF THE PROPERTY. SAID INVESTIGATION SHOULD INCLUDE BUT NOT BE LIMITED TO: THE POSSIBLE PRESENCE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCES, THE ZONING OF THE PROPERTY, THE INTEGRITY AND CONDITION OF ANY STRUCTURES AND OPERATING SYSTEMS, AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE PROPERTY FOR BUYER S INTENDED USE. 

WARNING: IF THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED IN A STATE OTHER THAN CALIFORNIA, CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY NEED TO BE REVISED TO COMPLY WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE IN WHICH THE PROPERTY IS LOCATED. 

NOTE: 

1.        THIS FORM IS NOT FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OF RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY. 

2.        IF EITHER PARTY IS A CORPORATION, IT IS RECOMMENDED THAT THIS AGREEMENT BE SIGNED BY TWO CORPORATE OFFICERS. 

The undersigned Buyer offers and agrees to buy the Property on the terms and conditions stated and acknowledges receipt of a copy hereof. 

27.  Acceptance  . 

27.1  Seller accepts the foregoing offer to purchase the Property and hereby agrees to sell the Property to Buyer on the terms and conditions therein specified. 

27.2  Seller acknowledges that Brokers have been retained to locate a Buyer and are the procuring cause of the purchase and sale of the Property set forth in this Agreement. In consideration or real estate brokerage service rendered by Brokers, Seller agrees to pay Brokers a real estate Brokerage Fee in a sum equal to     5%     of the Purchase Price to be divided between the Brokers as follows: Seller s Broker 2.5% and Buyer s Broker     2.5%  . 

27.3  Seller acknowledges receipt of a copy hereof and authorizes Brokers to deliver a signed copy to Buyer.   

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 12 of 22 

NOTE: A PROPERTY INFORMATION SHEET IS REQUIRED TO BE DELIVERED TO BUYER BY SELLER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT  . 

NOTICE:  These forms are often modified to meet changing requirements of law and industry needs. 

Always write or call to make sure you are utilizing the most current form: 

AIR Commercial Real Estate Association, 500 N Brand Blvd, Suite 900, Glendale, CA 91203. 

Telephone No. (213) 687-8777. Fax No.: (213) 687-8616. 

Copyright 2003 By AIR Commercial Real Estate Association. 

All rights reserved. 

No part of these works may be reproduced in any form without permission in writing  . 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 13 of 22 

ADDENDUM 

to 

Standard Offer, Agreement and Escrow Instructions 

For Purchase of Real Estate Dated December 14, 2016 

Regarding 

28410 Vincent Moraga Drive 

Temecula, California 

27.  Buyer's Entry: 

Buyer s right of entry as provided in paragraph 14 of the Agreement is modified as follows: Buyer shall provide Seller with evidence of insurance coverage reasonably satisfactory to Seller and provide an endorsement demonstrating that seller has been added as an additional insured to such coverage. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Buyer may not perform any sampling or invasive testing of environmental media without Seller s prior written consent. If the inspection, including a Phase I Environmental Inspection, recommends a further inspection requiring borings or other invasive testing, Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller during the Contingency Period a written proposal for such testing setting forth the proposed scope of the invasive testing (the  Invasive Testing Proposal ), which Seller may approve or disapprove in its sole and absolute discretion. The scope of any environmental inspection to be conducted by Buyer s environmental consultant in excess of a Phase I environmental assessment shall be in accordance with the terms of the agreed upon Invasive Testing Proposal. Nothing herein shall authorize any subsurface testing or drilling on the Property by Buyer or its environmental consultant unless specifically provided for in the agreed upon Invasive Testing Proposal. If Seller disapproves Buyer s request for invasive testing (Phase II Investigation), and Buyer elects to terminate this Agreement during the Contingency Period, Buyer shall be entitled, as its sole remedy, to terminate this Agreement and receive from Escrow the return of its Deposit less the independent consideration of $100, and shall return all tests, surveys, studies, maps, plans, and permits related to the Property which Buyer has previously received from Seller as well as all studies, reports and feasibility data collected by Buyer with regard to the Property. 

28.  Seller's Representations, Limitation: 

For the purpose of this Agreement, all representations made by Seller are based on the actual, personal awareness of Mike Browne who is the person currently with Seller who is the most knowledgeable about the Property without any duty of inquiry or investigation by him. However, Mike Browne shall have no personal liability to Buyer in connection with such representations or any alleged failure to disclose. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 14 of 22 

29.  Assignment: 

This Agreement shall be personal to Buyer. However, Buyer may, at any time prior to five (5) days before the Expected Closing Date, assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any person or entity that controls, is controlled by, under common control of Buyer ( Affiliated Assignee ) by giving Seller (i) notice of that assignment and (ii) a written assignment agreement and a copy of supporting documents regarding the ownership or management of the Affiliated Assignee. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Buyer intends to create a newly formed California limited liability company that will take title to the Property, in which the Buyer will (i) have a controlling ownership interest, or (ii) be the general partner or managing member, and it will be deemed an approved Affiliated Assignee. Upon such assignment, the Affiliated Assignee shall be credited with Buyer s Deposit. Buyer shall not otherwise assign, agree to assign, offer to assign or solicit offers to purchase Buyer s interest in or right to purchase the Property without first obtaining the written approval of Seller, which approval shall be in Seller s sole and absolute discretion. 

Any assignment, agreement, offer or solicitation by Buyer (except as to potential investors in the Affiliated Assignee) to any other person or entity, without Seller s written approval, shall constitute a default under this Agreement and shall terminate and void this Agreement and any escrow pursuant thereto. No written consent by Seller under this provision shall be deemed a waiver by Seller of any of the provisions of this paragraph, except to the extent expressly provided in the consent. Any assignment shall not relieve Buyer of Buyer s obligation herein unless Seller expressly releases Buyer in writing therefrom. 

30.  Continued Right of Possession: 

(a)  From the Close of Escrow through August 31, 2017, Buyer grants to Seller full and unfettered occupancy rights to occupy and use the southwest pre-cooler area (about 4,500 sf), the shipping office, and associated loading and truck court for rent of $100 per month or any portion thereof. Seller shall be responsible for all utility expenses during this period and shall continue to maintain GCL and Property Damage Liability insurance coverage, naming Buyer as an additional named insured. Seller shall also have unfettered access privileges for up to 90 days after the Close of Escrow, to remove its personal property, equipment, trade fixtures and the items listed on Exhibit  A  hereto from the Property. 

(b)  For the period of ninety (90) days following the Close of Escrow, Seller shall be allowed to store its equipment and other personal property in the warehouse for rent in the amount of $1.00 per month. Following such removal and the end of its occupancy rights, the Property shall be delivered to Buyer free of personal property, including but not limited to, equipment and racking and in broom clean condition. In addition, any racking bolts shall be removed or cut flush with the floor. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 15 of 22 

31.  Deed Restriction: 

Buyer acknowledges that the grant deed transferring title to the Property to Buyer shall contain a deed restriction forbidding its use or ownership by another avocado packer, distributor or producer for a period of 10 years following the Close of Escrow and that a violation of such restriction can remedied by an injunction and/or monetary damages as well as the recovery of Seller s costs for enforcement including reasonable attorneys  fees. 

32.  Real Property 1031 Reverse Exchange: 

Buyer acknowledges that the Seller will use the proceeds from this transaction to complete an existing 1031 Real Property Reverse Exchange and that time is of the essence in completing this transaction. Both Buyer and Seller will cooperate with each other at no material expense to Buyer. 

33.      Severability: 

In case one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall be determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and shall be enforceable to the extent consistent with the intent of the Parties. 

34.  Waiver: 

No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver be a continuing waiver. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by the party making the waiver. 

35.  Entire Agreement: 

This Agreement supersedes any prior or contemporaneous letters of intent, agreements, negotiations, and communications, oral or written, and contains the entire agreement between Buyer and Sellers as to the subject matter hereof. No subsequent agreement, representation, or promise made by either party hereto, or by or to an employee, officer, agent, or representative of either party hereto shall be of any effect unless it is in writing and executed by the party to be bound thereby. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 16 of 22 

36.  Arbitration of Disputes: 

(a)  IF ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE ARISES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THEN SUCH DISPUTE SHALL BE RESOLVED BY ARBITRATION TO BE CONDUCTED IN THE COUNTY OF RIVERSIDE ADMINISTERED BY JAMS BEFORE A SINGLE ARBITRATOR PURSUANT TO ITS COMPREHENSIVE ARBITRATION RULES AND PROCEDURES OR ITS STREAMLINED ARBITRATION RULES AND PROCEDURES, AS APPLICABLE, EXCEPT THAT SUCH RULES ARE MODIFIED AS SET FORTH HEREIN. THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED AND THE ISSUES DETERMINED IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL JUDICIAL RULES AND ALL STATUTORY AND DECISIONAL LAW OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. THE PREVAILING PARTY IN THE ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE AS PART OF THE JUDGMENT IN ITS FAVOR AN AWARD OF ALL ACTUAL ATTORNEYS FEES AND COSTS INCURRED WITH RESPECT TO THE ARBITRATION, PLUS INTEREST AT THE HIGHEST RATE PERMITTED BY LAW AS NOT BEING USURIOUS FROM AND AS OF THE DATE OF THE ALLEGED BREACH. THE JUDGMENT ENTERED UPON THE DECISION OF THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ALL POST-TRIAL PROCEDURES AND TO APPEAL IN THE SAME MANNER AS AN APPEAL FROM ANY ORDER OF JUDGMENT IN A CIVIL ACTION. 

(b)  PRIOR TO THE APPOINTMENT OF THE ARBITRATOR, AND WITHIN 10 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF THE ARBITRATION, THE PARTIES SHALL SUBMIT THE DISPUTE TO JAMS FOR MEDIATION. THE PARTIES WILL COOPERATE WITH JAMS AND WITH ONE ANOTHER IN SELECTING A MEDIATOR FROM JAMS PANEL OF NEUTRALS, AND IN PROMPTLY SCHEDULING THE MEDIATION PROCEEDINGS. THE PARTIES COVENANT THAT THEY WILL PARTICIPATE IN THE MEDIATION IN GOOD FAITH, AND THAT THEY WILL SHARE EQUALLY IN ITS COSTS. ALL OFFERS, PROMISES, CONDUCT AND STATEMENTS, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, MADE IN THE COURSE OF THE MEDIATION BY ANY OF THE PARTIES, THEIR AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, EXPERTS AND ATTORNEYS, AND BY THE MEDIATOR OR ANY JAMS EMPLOYEES, ARE CONFIDENTIAL, PRIVILEGED AND INADMISSIBLE FOR ANY PURPOSE, INCLUDING IMPEACHMENT, IN ANY ARBITRATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING INVOLVING THE PARTIES, PROVIDED THAT EVIDENCE THAT IS OTHERWISE ADMISSIBLE OR DISCOVERABLE SHALL NOT BE RENDERED INADMISSIBLE OR NON-DISCOVERABLE AS A RESULT OF ITS USE IN THE MEDIATION, IF THE DISPUTE IS NOT RESOLVED WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF THE SUBMISSION OF THE DISPUTE TO MEDIATION (OR SUCH LATER DATE AS THE PARTIES MAY MUTUALLY AGREE IN WRITING), THE ADMINISTRATION OF THE ARBITRATION SHALL PROCEED FORTHWITH. THE MEDIATION MAY CONTINUE, IF THE PARTIES SO AGREE, AFTER THE APPOINTMENT OF THE ARBITRATOR. THE MEDIATOR SHALL BE DISQUALIFIED FROM SERVING AS ARBITRATOR IN THE CASE. THE PENDENCY OF A MEDIATION SHALL NOT PRECLUDE A PARTY FROM 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 17 of 22 

SEEKING PROVISIONAL REMEDIES IN AID OF THE ARBITRATION FROM A COURT OF APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION, AND THE PARTIES AGREE NOT TO DEFEND AGAINST ANY APPLICATION FOR PROVISIONAL RELIEF ON THE GROUND THAT A MEDIATION IS PENDING. 

(c)  THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MAY BE SPECIFICALLY ENFORCED BY THE FILING OF A COMPLAINT OR PETITION OR MOTION SEEKING SPECIFIC ENFORCEMENT OR BY MOTION DIRECTED TO THE ORANGE COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT. 

(d)    NOTICE:   BY INITIALING IN THE SPACE BELOW, YOU ARE AGREEING TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF THE MATTERS INCLUDED IN THE  ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES  PROVISION DECIDED BY NEUTRAL ARBITRATION AS PROVIDED BY CALIFORNIA LAW AND YOU ARE GIVING UP ANY RIGHTS YOU MIGHT POSSESS TO HAVE THE DISPUTE LITIGATED IN A COURT OR JURY TRIAL. BY INITIALING IN THE SPACE BELOW YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR JUDICIAL RIGHTS TO DISCOVERY AND APPEAL, UNLESS THOSE RIGHTS ARE SPECIFICALLY INCLUDED IN THE  ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES  PROVISION, ABOVE. IF YOU REFUSE TO SUBMIT TO ARBITRATION AFTER AGREEING TO THIS PROVISION, YOU MAY BE COMPELLED TO ARBITRATE UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF THE CALIFORNIA CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PROVISION IS VOLUNTARY. 

WE HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE FOREGOING AND AGREE TO SUBMIT DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THE MATTERS INCLUDED IN THE  ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES  PROVISION, ABOVE, TO NEUTRAL ARBITRATION. 

BUYER:                       SELLER:                       

37.  Jurisdiction and Venue: 

Subject to paragraph 36, the parties hereby agree that any action, dispute, proceeding arbitration or claim arising out of or under this Agreement shall be brought in Riverside, and hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located within that County. The parties shall not raise in connection therewith, and hereby waive any defenses based upon the venue, the inconvenience of the forum, the lack of personal jurisdiction or the like in any such action or suit brought in Riverside. Nothing herein shall restrict the parties from resorting to the courts of any jurisdiction in order to collect, enforce or execute any judgment obtained in the federal or state courts in Riverside. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 18 of 22 

38.  Backup Offers: 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere herein to the contrary, Buyer acknowledges that because Seller is attempting to accomplish a time sensitive reverse 1031 real property exchange, time is of the essence with respect to this proposed transaction, and Seller needs to reserve the right to obtain  back up  offers on the Property during the Contingency Period and before Buyer waives all contingencies and its Deposit becomes non-refundable. Seller agrees to notify all other potential buyers of Buyer s rights in and to the Property and to condition any such buyer proposals or offers on the fact that they are subordinate to Buyer s rights in and to the Property. Seller agrees that once Buyer has waived all Buyer s Contingencies in this Agreement, it will cease marketing the Property and will not accept or discuss any other proposal with any third party. 

39.  Confidentiality: 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained elsewhere herein, Buyer hereby acknowledges that all information furnished by Seller to Buyer or obtained by Buyer in the course of Buyer s investigation of the Property, or in any way arising from or relating to any and all studies or entries upon the Property by Buyer, its agents or representatives, shall be treated as confidential information, and further, that if any such confidential information is disclosed to third parties (except Buyer s potential investors in the Affiliated Assignee who agree to be bound by this confidentiality provision), Seller may suffer damages and irreparable harm. The Buyer further agrees to furnish Seller with copies of all Due Diligence Reports or other studies (except Buyer s internal confidential analysis) made in connection with Purchaser s inspection, study or investigation of the Property within a reasonable time (not to exceed ten (10) days) of receipt of same by Buyer and, in the event this Agreement is terminated, to return to Seller all information, studies, and Due Diligence Reports Buyer or Buyer s agents have obtained or commissioned with respect to the Property or the condition of the Property together with a!! documents Seller provided to Buyer. In connection therewith, Buyer hereby agrees that Buyer will not make any press release (except in the form mutually agreed upon by Seller and Buyer) or other public disclosure concerning this transaction. This provision shall survive the early termination of this Agreement; provided, however, that if Buyer purchases the Property, the terms of this paragraph will cease to apply except for Buyer s agreement to not make a press release or other public disclosure concerning the confidential aspects of this transaction. 

Buyer acknowledges, however, that Seller, as a public reporting company, may be required by legal, regulatory or internal reporting requirements and Seller must reserve the right herein to make public disclosure (such as press releases and SEC filings) regarding the transaction contemplated by this Agreement  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 19 of 22 

including the name of the Buyer and the purchase price paid for the Property without the prior consent of Buyer. 

SELLER   

BUYER  

Calavo Growers, Inc.,  

Pac West Group, Inc.  

By:  

By:  

Name:  

Name:  

Title:  

Title:  

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 20 of 22 

EXHIBIT  A  

To 

STANDARD OFFER, AGREEMENT 

AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS FOR 

PURCHASE OF REAL ESTATE 

LIST OF PROPERTY THAT SELLER WILL KEEP AND REMOVE FROM THE PROPERTY  : 

To be completed by Seller and Buyer and deposited with Escrow Holder by January 6, 2017. 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 21 of 22 

EXHIBIT  B  

To 

STANDARD OFFER, AGREEMENT 

AND ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS FOR 

PURCHASE OF REAL ESTATE 

LIST OF DOCUMENTS THAT SELLER WILL ORGANIZE AND MAKE AVAILABLE TO BUYER AT THE PROPERTY  : 

1. Current preliminary title report and copies of all documents reflected thereon and any ALTA Survey of the Property 

2. Any existing leases and current rent roll 

3. Current property tax bill. 

4. All plans, maps and surveys 

5. All soils, seismic, Phase I Environmental, engineering and other reports relating to the Property 

6. Intentionally deleted 

7. Any agreements with adjoining landowners 

8. Any Building Plans 

9. Existing Insurance Policies 

10. Refrigeration System, Chiller, Boiler condition and maintenance reports for the last two years. 

11. All service contracts relating to the Property 

INITIALS  

INITIALS  

Page 22 of 22 

</EX-10.49>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 cvgw-20161031ex23109e980.htm
 EX-23.1

cvgw_EX_23-1

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Form S-3 No. 333-180597, Form S-8 No. 333-132175, Form S-8 No. 333-179101, Form S-3 No. 333-191702, and Form S-3 No. 333-199754 of our reports dated December 23, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Calavo Growers, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Calavo Growers, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2016.  

/s/ Deloitte   Touche LLP 

Costa Mesa, California  

December 23, 2016 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 cvgw-20161031ex232fc18c0.htm
 EX-23.2

cvgw_EX_23-2

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 

of our report dated January 30, 2015, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Calavo Growers, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Calavo Growers, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2016.  

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 

Los Angeles, California  

December 23, 2016 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 cvgw-20161031ex31159f316.htm
 EX-31.1

cvgw_EX_31-1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Lecil E. Cole, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Calavo Growers, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors:     

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  December 23, 2016  

/s/  Lecil E. Cole  

Lecil E. Cole  

Chairman of the Board of Directors,  

and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 cvgw-20161031ex31244b045.htm
 EX-31.2

cvgw_EX_31-2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION  

I, B. John Lindeman, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Calavo Growers, Inc.;     

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors:     

(a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and     

(b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.     

. JK  

Date:  December 23, 2016  

/s/  B. John Lindeman  

B. John Lindeman  

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary   

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 cvgw-20161031xex32.htm
 EX-32

cvgw_EX_32

Exhibit 32 

WRITTEN STATEMENT OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

Each of the undersigned, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Corporate Secretary of Calavo Growers, Inc. (the Company), hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge, the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  December 23, 2016 

/s/  Lecil E. Cole  

Lecil E. Cole  

Chairman of the Board and   

Chief Executive Officer  

. John   

/s/  B. John Lindeman  

B. John Lindeman  

Chief Financial Officer and  
					 
						 Corporate Secretary  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 cvgw-20161031.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cvgw-20161031.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cvgw-20161031_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cvgw-20161031_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cvgw-20161031_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cvgw-20161031_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

