<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_52428_0000820027-16-000239_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1391123</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63629</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1219611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000820027-16-000239.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102170557
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000820027-16-000239
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000052428
		IRS NUMBER:				416009975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	811-00002
		FILM NUMBER:		161968885

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50606 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6123723131

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50606 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL CENTER
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55474

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN EXPRESS CERTIFICATE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IDS CERTIFICATE CO /MN/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INVESTORS SYNDICATE OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860303

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000820027-16-000239.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 acc093016-document.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
  FORM 10-Q 
   For the Quarterly Period Ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
     
  For the Transition Period from   _________________________ to   _________________________ 
    
  Commission File No. 811-00002 
  AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                   Delaware 
      
    41-6009975 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
      1099 Ameriprise Financial Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota 
    55474 
      (Address of principal executive offices) 
    (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:    (612) 671-3131 
  Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report:    Not Applicable 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.               Yes   x        No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).          Yes   x        No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                 Large Accelerated Filer     o 
    Accelerated Filer     o 
      Non-Accelerated Filer     x 
    Smaller reporting company     o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).        Yes   o        No   x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

THE REGISTRANT MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS (H)(1)(a) AND (b) OF FORM 10-Q AND IS THEREFORE FILING THIS FORM WITH THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

FORM 10-Q    
  INDEX 

2 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

PART I.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
   
  ITEM 1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (UNAUDITED) 
   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)    

3 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED)    

4 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED)    

5 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER S EQUITY (UNAUDITED)    

6 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED)    

7 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)    
   
  1.  Basis of Presentation    
  Ameriprise Certificate Company ( ACC ), is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ( Ameriprise Financial  or the  Parent ). ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). ACC uses the consolidation method of accounting for its wholly owned subsidiary, Investors Syndicate Development Corp. The interim financial information in this report has not been audited. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated results of operations and financial position for the interim periods have been made. All adjustments made were of a normal recurring nature. Results of operations reported for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of results for the entire year. These Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of ACC for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on   February 25, 2016   (   2015   10-K ). 
  In the third quarter of 2016, ACC recorded an out-of-period correction related to its Stock Market Certificate reserves. The correction was a $1.8 million increase to net provision for certificate reserves on the consolidated statement of operations, offset by a related increase in certificate reserves on the consolidated balance sheet. The previously reported pretax income for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2016 was overstated by $1.8 million ($1.2 million after-tax). 
  ACC evaluated events or transactions that occurred after the consolidated balance sheet date for potential recognition or disclosure through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued.   No subsequent events or transactions were identified. 
   
  2.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements    
  Future Adoption of New Accounting Standards 
  Statement of Cash Flows - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments 
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) updated the accounting standards related to classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows because current standards lacked sufficient guidance to consistently classify cash payments and receipts. The update includes amendments addressing the classification of eight specific cash flow issues. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted and all amendments must be adopted during the same period. ACC is currently evaluating the impact of the standard, but does not expect adoption of the standard to have a material impact on its consolidated cash flows. 
  Financial Instruments - Measurement of Credit Losses 
  In June 2016, the FASB updated the accounting standards related to accounting for credit losses on certain types of financial instruments. The update replaces the current incurred loss model for estimating credit losses with a new model that requires an entity to estimate the credit losses expected over the life of the asset. Generally, the initial estimate of the expected credit losses and subsequent changes in the estimate will be reported in current period earnings and recorded through an allowance for credit losses on the balance sheet. The current credit loss model for Available-for-Sale debt securities does not change; however, the credit loss calculation and subsequent recoveries are required to be recorded through an allowance. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption will be permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. A modified retrospective cumulative adjustment to retained earnings should be recorded as of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective for loans, receivables, and other financial instruments subject to the new expected credit loss model. Prospective adoption is required for establishing an allowance related to Available-for-Sale debt securities, certain beneficial interests, and financial assets purchased with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination. ACC is currently evaluating the impact of the standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
  Financial Instruments - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities 
  In January 2016, the FASB updated the accounting standards on the recognition and measurement of financial instruments. The update requires entities to carry marketable equity securities, excluding investments in securities that qualify for the equity method of accounting, at fair value with changes in fair value reflected in net income each reporting period. The update affects other aspects of accounting for equity instruments, as well as the accounting for financial liabilities utilizing the fair value option. The update eliminates the requirement to disclose the methods and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial assets or liabilities held at cost on the balance sheet and requires entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for certain provisions. Generally, the update should be applied using a modified retrospective approach by recording a cumulative-effect adjustment to equity at the beginning of the period of adoption. ACC is currently evaluating the impact of the standard on its consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
  In May 2014, the FASB updated the accounting standards for revenue from contracts with customers. The update provides a five step  
  
   8 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

revenue recognition model for all revenue arising from contracts with customers and affects all entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers (unless the contracts are in the scope of other standards). The standard also updates the accounting for certain costs associated with obtaining and fulfilling a customer contract and requires disclosure of quantitative and qualitative information that enables users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Subsequent related updates provide clarification on certain revenue recognition guidance in the new standard. The standard is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The standard may be applied retrospectively for all periods presented or retrospectively with a cumulative-effect adjustment at the date of adoption. ACC is currently evaluating the impact of the standard on its consolidated results of operations, financial condition and disclosures. 
   
  3.  Investments    
  Investments in unaffiliated issuers were as follows: 

Available-for-Sale securities distributed by type were as follows: 

(1)    Represents the amount of other-than-temporary impairment ( OTTI ) losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired securities subsequent to the initial impairment measurement date. These amounts are included in gross unrealized gains and losses as of the end of the period. 
  
   9 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , investment securities with a fair value of   $66 thousand   and   $22 thousand  , respectively, were pledged to meet contractual obligations under derivative contracts. 
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , fixed maturity securities comprised approximately   94%   and   93%  , respectively, of ACC s total investments. Rating agency designations are based on the availability of ratings from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations ( NRSROs ), including Moody s Investors Service ( Moody s ), Standard   Poor s Ratings Services ( S P ), and Fitch Ratings Ltd. ( Fitch ). ACC uses the median of available ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch, or if fewer than three ratings are available, the lower rating is used. When ratings from Moody s, S P and Fitch are unavailable, as is the case for many private placement securities, ACC may utilize ratings from other NRSROs or rate the securities internally. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   $149.0 million   and   $193.0 million  , respectively, of securities were internally rated by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC ( CMIA ), an affiliate of ACC, using criteria similar to those used by NRSROs.  
  A summary of fixed maturity securities by rating was as follows: 

At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , approximately   60%   and   66%  , respectively, of the securities rated AAA were GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC mortgage backed securities. 
  The following tables provide information about Available-for-Sale securities with gross unrealized losses and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 

10 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

As part of ACC s ongoing monitoring process, management determined that the change in gross unrealized losses on its Available-for-Sale securities is attributable to a decrease in interest rates and a tightening of credit spreads. 
  The following table presents a rollforward of the cumulative amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for other-than-temporary impairments related to credit losses on available-for-sale securities for which a portion of the securities  total other-than-temporary impairments was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss): 

The change in net unrealized securities gains (losses) in other comprehensive income (loss) includes two components, net of tax: (i) unrealized gains (losses) that arose from changes in the market value of securities that were held during the period and (ii) (gains) losses that were previously unrealized, but have been recognized in current period net income due to sales of Available-for-Sale securities and due to the reclassification of noncredit other-than-temporary impairment losses to credit losses. 
  The following table presents a rollforward of the net unrealized securities gains (losses) on Available-for-Sale securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

11 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

(1)    Net unrealized securities gains (losses) arising during the period include other-than-temporary impairment losses on Available-for-Sale securities related to factors other than credit that were recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) during the period. 
   (2)    Includes   $1.2 million   and   $(1.6) million   of noncredit related impairments on securities and net unrealized securities gains (losses) on previously impaired securities at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Net realized gains and losses on Available-for-Sale securities, determined using the specific identification method, recognized in earnings were as follows: 

Other-than-temporary impairments for the three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and the nine months ended September 30,   2015   are related to credit losses on non-agency residential mortgage backed securities. 
  Available-for-Sale securities by contractual maturity at   September 30, 2016   were as follows: 

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and asset backed securities are not due at a single maturity date. As such, these securities, as well as common stocks, were not included in the maturities distribution. 
  
   12 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

4.  Commercial Mortgage, Syndicated and Certificate Loans    
  ACC s financing receivables include commercial mortgage loans, syndicated loans and certificate loans. Certificate loans do not exceed the cash surrender value of the certificate at origination. As there is minimal risk of loss related to certificate loans, ACC does not record an allowance for loan losses for certificate loans. 
  Allowance for Loan Losses 
  The following table presents a rollforward of the allowance for loan losses for commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans for the   nine   months ended and the ending balance of the allowance for loan losses by impairment method: 

The recorded investment in commercial mortgage loans and syndicated loans by impairment method was as follows: 

As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , ACC s     recorded investment in financing receivables individually evaluated for impairment     for which     there was     no     related allowance for loan losses was   $3.4 million   and   $4.2 million  ,     respectively. Unearned income,     unamortized premiums and discounts, and net unamortized     deferred fees and     costs are not material to ACC s total loan balance.  
  During the   three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , ACC purchased $4.4 million and $11.0 million, respectively, of syndicated loans. During the   three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , ACC purchased $47.1 million and $52.2 million, respectively, of syndicated loans. There were no sales of financing receivables during the   three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . During the   three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  , ACC sold $0.3 million of syndicated loans. 
  ACC has not acquired any loans with deteriorated credit quality as of the acquisition date. 
  Credit Quality Information 
  Nonperforming loans, which are generally loans   90   days or more past due, were   $1.9 million   as of both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . All other loans were considered to be performing. 
  Commercial Mortgage Loans 
  ACC reviews the credit worthiness of the borrower and the performance of the underlying properties in order to determine the risk of loss on commercial mortgage loans. Based on this review, the commercial mortgage loans are assigned an internal risk rating, which management updates as necessary. Commercial mortgage loans which management has assigned its highest risk rating were   1.9%   and   1.7%   of total commercial mortgage loans as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Loans with the highest risk rating represent distressed loans which ACC has identified as impaired or expects to become delinquent or enter into foreclosure within the next six months. In addition, ACC reviews the concentrations of credit risk by region and property type. 
  
   13 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

Concentrations of credit risk of commercial mortgage loans by U.S. region were as follows: 

Concentrations of credit risk of commercial mortgage loans by property type were as follows: 

Syndicated Loans 
  The recorded investment in syndicated loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $90.0 million   and   $100.1 million  , respectively. ACC s syndicated loan portfolio is diversified across industries and issuers. The primary credit indicator for syndicated loans is whether the loans are performing in accordance with the contractual terms of the syndication. Total nonperforming syndicated loans at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were   $1.9 million  , which represents   2%   of total syndicated loans at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 
  Troubled Debt Restructurings 
  During the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , ACC restructured two syndicated loans and received one loan and common stock in exchange with a recorded investment of $156 thousand. The troubled debt restructuring did not have a material impact to ACC s allowance for loan losses or income recognized for the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . There were no loans restructured by ACC during the   three months and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . There are no material commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers whose loans have been restructured. 
  
   14 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

5.  Fair Values of Assets and Liabilities     
  GAAP defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date; that is, an exit price. The exit price assumes the asset or liability is not exchanged subject to a forced liquidation or distressed sale. 
  Valuation Hierarchy 
  ACC categorizes its fair value measurements according to a three-level hierarchy. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used by ACC s valuation techniques. A level is assigned to each fair value measurement based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are defined as follows: 
           Level 1 
    Unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. 
              Level 2 
    Prices or valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. 
              Level 3 
    Prices or valuations that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. 
     The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

15 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

The following tables provide a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

(1)    Included in investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

16 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

(1)    Included in investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

(1)    Represents a $1.1 million loss included in net realized gain (loss) on investments and a $73 thousand gain included in investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

17 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

(1)    Included in investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
  Securities transferred from Level 3 primarily represent securities with fair values that are now obtained from a third-party pricing service with observable inputs. ACC recognizes transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy as of the beginning of the quarter in which each transfer occurred. For assets and liabilities held at the end of the reporting periods that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. 
  The following tables provide a summary of the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements developed by ACC or reasonably available to ACC of Level 3 assets: 
                                   
    September 30, 2016 
        
    Fair Value 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Range (Weighted Average) 
        
    (in thousands) 

Corporate debt securities  
     (private placements) 
    $ 
    149,032 

Discounted cash flow 
    Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries 
      
    1.0% - 1.8% (1.2%) 

December 31, 2015 
        
    Fair Value 
      
    Valuation Technique 
      
    Unobservable Input 
      
    Range (Weighted Average) 
        
    (in thousands) 

Corporate debt securities  
     (private placements) 
    $ 
    190,301 

Discounted cash flow 
    Yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries 
      
    1.2% - 1.9% (1.4%) 

Level 3 measurements not included in the table above are obtained from non-binding broker quotes where unobservable inputs utilized in the fair value calculation are not reasonably available to ACC. 
  Sensitivity of Fair Value Measurements to Changes in Unobservable Inputs 
  Significant increases (decreases) in the yield/spread to U.S. Treasuries used in the fair value measurement of Level 3 corporate debt securities in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. 
  Determination of Fair Value 
  ACC uses valuation techniques consistent with the market and income approaches to measure the fair value of its assets and liabilities. ACC s market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. ACC s income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future projected cash flows to a single discounted present value amount. When applying either approach, ACC maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. 
  
   18 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

The following is a description of the valuation techniques used to measure fair value and the general classification of these instruments pursuant to the fair value hierarchy. 
  Cash Equivalents 
  Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments with original maturities of   90   days or less. ACC s cash equivalents are classified as Level 2 and measured at amortized cost, which is a reasonable estimate of fair value because of the short time between the purchase of the instrument and its expected realization. 
  Available-for-Sale Securities 
  When available, the fair value of securities is based on quoted prices in active markets. If quoted prices are not available, fair values are obtained from third-party pricing services, non-binding broker quotes, or other model-based valuation techniques. Level 1 securities primarily include U.S. Treasuries and common stocks. Level 2 securities primarily include residential mortgage backed securities, corporate bonds, commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities, state and municipal obligations and common stock. The fair value of these Level 2 securities is based on a market approach with prices obtained from third-party pricing services. Observable inputs used to value these securities can include, but are not limited to, reported trades, benchmark yields, issuer spreads and non-binding broker quotes. Level 3 securities primarily include certain non-agency residential mortgage backed securities, corporate bonds, commercial mortgage backed securities, asset backed securities and common stocks. The fair value of corporate bonds, non-agency residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities and certain asset backed securities classified as Level 3 is typically based on a single non-binding broker quote. The underlying inputs used for some of the non-binding broker quotes are not readily available to ACC. ACC s privately placed corporate bonds are typically based on a single non-binding broker quote. In addition to the general pricing controls, ACC reviews the broker prices to ensure that the broker quotes are reasonable and, when available, compares prices of privately issued securities to public issues from the same issuer to ensure that the implicit illiquidity premium applied to the privately placed investment is reasonable considering investment characteristics, maturity, and average life of the investment. 
  In consideration of the above, management is responsible for the fair values recorded on the financial statements. Prices received from third-party pricing services are subjected to exception reporting that identifies investments with significant daily price movements as well as no movements. ACC reviews the exception reporting and resolves the exceptions through reaffirmation of the price or recording an appropriate fair value estimate. ACC also performs subsequent transaction testing. ACC performs annual due diligence of third-party pricing services. ACC s due diligence procedures include assessing the vendor s valuation qualifications, control environment, analysis of asset-class specific valuation methodologies, and understanding of sources of market observable assumptions and unobservable assumptions, if any, employed in the valuation methodology. ACC also considers the results of its exception reporting controls and any resulting price challenges that arise. 
  Derivatives 
  The variation margin on futures contracts is classified as Level 1. The fair value of derivatives that are traded in less active over-the-counter ( OTC ) markets is generally measured using pricing models with market observable inputs such as interest rates and equity index levels. These measurements are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy and include options. The counterparties  nonperformance risk associated with uncollateralized derivative assets was immaterial at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . See Note 6 and Note 7 for further information on the credit risk of derivative instruments and related collateral. 
  Certificate Reserves 
  ACC uses various Black-Scholes calculations to determine the fair value of the embedded derivative liability associated with the provisions of its stock market certificates. The inputs to these calculations are primarily market observable and include interest rates, volatilities, and equity index levels. As a result, these measurements are classified as Level 2. 
  During the reporting periods, there were no material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
  
   19 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

The following tables provide the carrying value and the estimated fair value of financial instruments that are not reported at fair value. All other financial instruments that are reported at fair value have been included above in the tables with balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Syndicated Loans 
  The fair value of syndicated loans is obtained from a third-party pricing service or non-binding broker quotes. Syndicated loans that are priced using a market approach with observable inputs are classified as Level 2 and loans priced using a single non-binding broker quote are classified as Level 3. 
  Commercial Mortgage Loans 
  The fair value of commercial mortgage loans, except those with significant credit deterioration, is determined by discounting contractual cash flows using discount rates that reflect current pricing for loans with similar remaining maturities, liquidity and characteristics including loan-to-value ratio, occupancy rate, refinance risk, debt-service coverage, location, and property condition. For commercial mortgage loans with significant credit deterioration, fair value is determined using the same adjustments as above with an additional adjustment for ACC s estimate of the amount recoverable on the loan. Given the significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of commercial mortgage loans, these measurements are classified as Level 3. 
  Certificate Loans 
  Certificate loans represent loans made against and collateralized by the underlying certificate balance. These loans do not transfer to third parties separate from the underlying certificate. The outstanding balance of these loans is considered a reasonable estimate of fair value and is classified as Level 2. 
  Certificate Reserves 
  The fair value of investment certificate reserves is determined by discounting cash flows using discount rates that reflect current pricing for contracts with similar terms and characteristics, with adjustments for early withdrawal behavior, penalty fees, expense margin and ACC s nonperformance risk specific to these liabilities. Given the use of significant unobservable inputs to this valuation, the measurement is classified as Level 3. 
  
   20 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

6. Offsetting Assets and Liabilities    
  Certain derivative instruments are eligible for offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. ACC s derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements and qualify for offset. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. ACC s policy is to recognize amounts subject to master netting arrangements on a gross basis in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The following tables present the gross and net information about ACC s assets subject to master netting arrangements: 

(1)    Represents the amount of assets that could be offset by liabilities with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  The following tables present the gross and net information about ACC s liabilities subject to master netting agreements: 

(1)    Represents the amount of liabilities that could be offset by assets with the same counterparty under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  
   21 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

In the tables above, the amounts of assets or liabilities presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are offset first by financial instruments that have the right of offset under master netting or similar arrangements, then any remaining amount is reduced by the amount of cash and securities collateral. The actual amounts of collateral may be greater than amounts presented in the tables. 
  See Note 7 for additional disclosures related to ACC s derivative instruments. 
   
  7.  Derivatives and Hedging Activities    
  Derivative instruments enable ACC to manage its exposure to various market risks. The value of such instruments is derived from an underlying variable or multiple variables, including equity and interest rate indices or prices. ACC primarily enters into derivative agreements for risk management purposes related to ACC s products. 
  ACC uses derivatives as economic hedges of equity risk related to stock market certificates. ACC does not designate any derivatives for hedge accounting. The following table presents the notional value and the gross fair value of derivative instruments, including embedded derivatives:  

N/A Not applicable 
   (1)    The gross fair value of equity contracts is included in Derivative assets and Derivative liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
   (2)    The gross fair value of Stock Market Certificates ( SMC ) embedded derivatives is included in Certificate reserves on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
  See Note 5 for additional information regarding ACC s fair value measurement of derivative instruments. 
  The following tables present a summary of the impact of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations: 

Ameriprise SMC offer a return based upon the relative change in a major stock market index between the beginning and end of the certificate s term. The SMC product contains an embedded derivative. The equity based return of the certificate must be separated from the host contract and accounted for as a derivative instrument. As a result of fluctuations in equity markets, and the corresponding changes in value of the embedded derivative, the amount of expenses incurred by ACC related to the SMC product will positively or negatively impact reported earnings. As a means of hedging its obligations under the provisions for these certificates, ACC purchases and writes call options on the S P 500 Index       . ACC views this strategy as a prudent management of equity market sensitivity, such that earnings are not exposed to undue risk presented by changes in equity market levels. ACC also purchases futures on the S P 500 Index to economically hedge its obligations. The futures are marked-to-market daily and exchange traded, exposing ACC to minimal counterparty risk.  
  
   22 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

Ameriprise Step-Up Rate Certificates ( SRC ) offer the ability to step up to a higher crediting rate based upon the then-current rate for a new SRC with the same term. ACC does not currently hedge the interest rate risk related to the SRC product. The SRC product contains an embedded derivative which was not material as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Credit Risk 
  Credit risk associated with ACC s derivatives is the risk that a derivative counterparty will not perform in accordance with the terms of the applicable derivative contract. To mitigate such risk, ACC has established guidelines and oversight of credit risk through a comprehensive enterprise risk management program that includes members of senior management. Key components of this program are to require preapproval of counterparties and the use of master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements whenever practical. See Note 6 for additional information on ACC s credit exposure related to derivative assets. 
   
  8.  Contingencies    
  The level of regulatory activity and inquiry in the financial services industry remains elevated. From time to time, ACC receives requests for information from, and/or has been subject to examination by, both the SEC and the Minnesota Department of Commerce concerning its business activities and practices. In addition, a number of state and federal regulatory agencies have initiated examinations and other inquiries related to unclaimed property and escheatment practices and procedures. The Ameriprise organization has cooperated and will continue to cooperate with applicable regulators regarding their inquiries. 
  ACC may in the normal course of business be a party to legal, regulatory or arbitration proceedings concerning matters arising in connection with the conduct of its business activities. The outcome of any such proceeding cannot be predicted with any certainty. ACC believes that it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal, regulatory or arbitration proceedings that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on ACC s financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is possible that the outcome of any such legal, arbitration or regulatory proceedings could have a material impact on ACC s results of operations in any particular reporting period as the proceedings are resolved. 
   
  9.  Shareholder s Equity    
  The following table provides information related to amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

ACC received cash contributions of $6 million and $25 million from Ameriprise Financial during the three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , respectively, to maintain compliance with minimum capital requirements. These contributions were received outside of the Capital Support Agreement between Ameriprise Financial and ACC. ACC received cash contributions of $3 million from Ameriprise Financial during the three months and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . See additional discussion on the Capital Support Agreement in ACC s   2015   10-K. 
  
   23 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY    
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (continued) 

10.  Income Taxes 
  The effective tax rate was 35.8% and 34.1%   for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The higher effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to increased state income taxes. The effective tax rate was   34.8%   and   30.0%   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The lower effective rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was due to the release of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain state income tax positions. 
  ACC is required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of the deferred tax assets that management believes will not be realized. Significant judgment is required in determining if a valuation allowance should be established and the amount of such allowance if required. Factors used in making this determination include estimates relating to the performance of the business. Consideration is given to, among other things in making this determination, i) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, ii) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, iii) taxable income in prior carryback years, and iv) tax planning strategies. Based on analysis of ACC s tax positions, management believes it is more likely than not that ACC s results of future operations and implementation of tax planning strategies will generate sufficient taxable income to enable ACC to utilize all of the deferred tax assets. Accordingly, no valuation allowance for deferred tax assets has been established as of both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 
  As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, ACC had $1.3 million and $1.9 million, respectively, of gross unrecognized tax benefits. If recognized, approximately $832 thousand and $1.3 million, net of federal tax benefits, of the unrecognized tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, would affect the effective tax rate. 
  Based on the current audit position of ACC, it is estimated that the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits may decrease by $654 thousand in the next 12 months. 
  ACC recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision. ACC recognized a net increase of $10 thousand and a net decrease of $1.4 million in interest and penalties for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. ACC recognized a net increase of $35 thousand and a net decrease of $148 thousand in interest and penalties for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, ACC had a payable of $227 thousand and $1.7 million, respectively, related to accrued interest and penalties. 
  ACC files income tax returns, as part of its inclusion in the consolidated federal income tax returns of Ameriprise Financial, in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, and various states jurisdictions. The Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) has completed its examinations of the 1997 through 2011 tax returns and these years are effectively settled; however, the statutes of limitation, except for 2007, remain open for certain carryover adjustments. The IRS is currently auditing Ameriprise Financial s U.S. income tax returns for 2012 and 2013. Ameriprise Financial s or certain of its subsidiaries , including ACC s, state income tax returns are currently under examination by various jurisdictions for years ranging from 2005 through 2014. State income tax examinations prior to 2005 are effectively settled; however, the statutes of limitation are open in certain jurisdictions back to 1997 due to potential carryover adjustments related to the IRS audit. 

24 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S NARRATIVE ANALYSIS    
  The following information should be read in conjunction with Ameriprise Certificate Company s ( ACC ) Financial Statements and related notes presented in Part I, Item 1. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect ACC s plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under  Forward-Looking Statements.  ACC believes it is useful to read its management s narrative analysis in conjunction with its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on   February 25, 2016   (   2015   10-K ), as well as its current reports on Form 8-K and other publicly available information. 
  ACC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial, Inc. ( Ameriprise Financial ). ACC is registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and is in the business of issuing face-amount investment certificates. Face-amount investment certificates issued by ACC entitle the certificate owner to receive at maturity a stated amount of money and interest or credits declared from time to time by ACC, at its discretion. The certificates issued by ACC are not insured by any government agency. ACC s certificates are sold primarily by Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., an affiliate of ACC. Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. ACC s investment portfolio is managed by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC ( CMIA ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameriprise Financial. 
  Management s narrative analysis of the results of operations is presented in lieu of management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, pursuant to General Instructions H(2)(a) of Form 10-Q. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  ACC s critical accounting policies are discussed in detail in  Management's Narrative Analysis   Critical Accounting Policies  in its   2015   10-K. 
   
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on ACC s future results of operations or financial condition, see Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Results of Operations for the   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  ACC s net income is derived primarily from the after-tax yield on investments and realized investment gains (losses), less investment expenses and interest credited on certificate reserve liabilities. Net income trends occur largely due to changes in returns on ACC s investment portfolio, from realization of investment gains (losses) and from changes in interest credited to certificate products. ACC follows U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ). 
  Net income   increased     $4.1 million  , or   23%  , to   $21.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   $17.6 million   for the prior year period primarily due to higher investment income and changes in net realized gain (loss) on investments, partially offset by higher investment expenses, net provision for certificate reserves and income tax expense. 
  Investment income   increased     $18.5 million  , or   28%  , to   $85.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   $66.6 million   for the prior year period reflecting higher average investment balances and an increase in the invested assets rate. 
  Investment expenses   increased     $3.7 million  , or   18%  , to   $24.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   $20.4 million   for the prior year period primarily due to higher distribution and investment advisory fees. 
  Net provision for certificate reserves   increased     $8.1 million   or   41%  , to   $27.7 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   $19.6 million   for the prior year period primarily due to higher average certificate balances and higher client crediting rates. 
  Net realized   gain   on investments before income taxes was   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to net realized   loss   on investments of   $1.6 million   for the prior year period. Net realized   loss   on investments for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   included other-than-temporary impairments of $0.9 million, net realized losses from sales, tenders and calls of Available-for-Sale securities of $0.4 million and an increase in provision for syndicated loan losses of $0.3 million. 
  The effective tax rate was   34.8%   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   compared to   30.0%   for the prior year period. The lower effective rate for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2015   was due to the release of unrecognized tax benefits related to certain state income tax positions. 
  
   25 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

Fair Value Measurements 
  ACC reports certain assets and liabilities at fair value; specifically, derivatives, embedded derivatives, and most investments and cash equivalents. Fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions. Companies are not permitted to use market prices that are the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. ACC includes actual market prices or observable inputs in its fair value measurements to the extent available. Non-binding broker quotes are obtained when quotes from third-party pricing services are not available. ACC validates prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as: price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. See Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding ACC s fair value measurements. 
   
  Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management s plans, estimates and beliefs. Actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   optimistic,   intend,   plan,   aim,   will,   may,   should,   could,   would,   likely,   forecast,   on pace,   project  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ACC undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
   
  ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  ACC maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act )) designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported in the Exchange Act filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in and pursuant to SEC regulations, including controls and procedures designed to ensure that this information is accumulated and communicated to ACC s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. It should be noted that, because of inherent limitations, ACC s disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
  ACC s management, under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of ACC s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, ACC s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that ACC s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable level of assurance as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
  There have not been any changes in ACC s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ACC s internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   26 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

PART II.  OTHER INFORMATION    
   
  ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
  The information set forth in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 is incorporated herein by reference. 
   
  ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS    
  Other than as described in ACC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, there have been no material changes in the risk factors provided in Part I, Item 1A of ACC s   2015   10-K. 
   
  ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS    
  The list of exhibits required to be filed as exhibits to this report are listed on page E-1 hereof, under  Exhibit Index,  which is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   27 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

(Registrant) 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Abu M. Arif 

Abu M. Arif 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Janet C. Langner 

Janet C. Langner 

Chief Financial Officer 

28 

AMERIPRISE CERTIFICATE COMPANY 

EXHIBIT INDEX    
  The following exhibits are filed as part of this Quarterly Report: 
    
           Exhibit 
    Description 
     
           3(a) 
    Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of American Express Certificate Company, dated August 1, 2005, filed electronically on or about March 10, 2006 as Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant s Form 10-K is incorporated by reference. 
              3(b) 
    By-Laws of Ameriprise Certificate Company, filed electronically on or about November 5, 2010 as Exhibit 3 (b) to Registrant s Form 10-Q, are incorporated herein by reference. 
        ____________________________________________________ 
  * Filed electronically herewithin. 

E-1 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 acc-ex311x093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I,   Abu M. Arif  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ameriprise Certificate Company; 
       
           2.     
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
           
           3.     
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4.     
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Abu M. Arif 

Abu M. Arif 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

E-2 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 acc-ex312x093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
    
  I,   Janet C. Langner  , certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ameriprise Certificate Company; 
       
           2.     
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
           
           3.     
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4.     
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Janet C. Langner 

Janet C. Langner 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

E-3 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 acc-ex32x093016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ameriprise Certificate Company (the  Company ) for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ),   Abu M. Arif  , as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and   Janet C. Langner  , as Principal and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Abu M. Arif 

Abu M. Arif 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 2, 2016 
    By 
    /s/ Janet C. Langner 

Janet C. Langner 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

E-4 

</EX-32>

