<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161205_10-K_edgar_data_1537561_0001144204-16-137852_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5282452</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>355753</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>280692</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1289018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2226370</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>984395</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>119</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-137852.hdr.sgml : 20161205
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161205135244
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-137852
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161205
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161205

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Arch Therapeutics, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001537561
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				460524102
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54986
		FILM NUMBER:		162033358

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 WALNUT STREET, SUITE 6
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01702
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-431-2313

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		235 WALNUT STREET, SUITE 6
		CITY:			FRAMINGHAM
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01702

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALMAH,INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-137852.txt : 20161205

10-K
 1
 v453828_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-K  

  (Mark One)  

For the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016  

  OR  

Commission File Number:  000-54986   

ARCH THERAPEUTICS, INC.    
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

(617) 431-2313   

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code)  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None   

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share   

(Title of Class)  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes      
No   x  

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes      
No   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x  
No      

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer      
         
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer
        (Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  
         
      Smaller reporting company    x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act). Yes      
No   x  

The aggregate market value of the registrant s voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, computed by reference to the average of the bid and asked price of such common equity, was approximately
$27,300,000. For purposes of this calculation, it has been assumed that shares of common stock held by each director, each officer
and each person who owns 10% or more of the registrant s outstanding common stock are held by affiliates. 

As of December 2, 2016, 137,882,075 shares of the registrant s
common stock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None  

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page    
 
        PART I.    

ITEM 1.  
       BUSINESS   
      3   
 
      ITEM 1A.  
       RISK FACTORS   
      14   
 
      ITEM 1B.  
       UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   
     28  
 
      ITEM 2.  
       PROPERTIES   
     28  
 
      ITEM 3.  
       LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     28  
 
      ITEM 4.  
       MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     28  
 
        PART II .    

ITEM 5.  
       MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   
     29  
 
      ITEM 6.  
       SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     30  
 
      ITEM 7.  
       MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     30  
 
      ITEM 7A.  
       QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     39  
 
      ITEM 8.  
       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   
     39  
 
      ITEM 9.  
       CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
     39  
 
      ITEM 9A.  
       CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     39  
 
      ITEM 9B.  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      40   
 
        PART III.    

ITEM 10.  
       DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
      40   
 
      ITEM 11.  
       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     42  
 
      ITEM 12.  
       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     46  
 
      ITEM 13.  
       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
     47  
 
      ITEM 14.  
       PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     48  
 
        PART IV.    

ITEM 15.  
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES   
     49  
 
       SIGNATURES   
       
     50  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements.  We make forward-looking statements, as defined by the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and in some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as  if, 
 shall,   may,   might,   will likely result,   should,   expect, 
 plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project,   intend, 
 goal,   objective,   predict,   potential  or  continue,  or the negative
of these terms and other comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on various
underlying assumptions and expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors, may include projections
of our future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business and include risks and
uncertainties relating to Arch s current cash position and its need to raise additional capital in order to be able to continue
to fund its operations; the stockholder dilution that may result from future capital raising efforts and the exercise or conversion,
as applicable of Arch s outstanding options and warrants; restrictions under its existing loan agreement with the Massachusetts
Life Sciences Center that may restrict or prohibit Arch s ability to raise capital or borrow funds on terms favorable to
the Company and its current stockholders; Arch s limited operating history which may make it difficult to evaluate Arch s
business and future viability; Arch s ability to timely commercialize and generate revenues or profits from our anticipated
products; Arch s ability to achieve the desired regulatory approvals in the United States or elsewhere; Arch s ability
to retain its managerial personnel and to attract additional personnel; the strength of Arch s intellectual property, the
intellectual property of others and any asserted claims of infringement; and other risk factors identified in the documents Arch
has filed, or will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (  SEC  ). Copies of Arch s filings
with the SEC may be obtained from the SEC internet site at  http://www.sec.gov . We undertake no duty to update any of these
forward-looking statements after the date of filing of this report to conform such forward-looking statements to actual results
or revised expectations, except as otherwise required by law. 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K unless otherwise
indicated, the  Company ,  we ,  us ,  our , and  Arch  refer to Arch
Therapeutics, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, Arch Biosurgery, Inc. 

We have either filed or intend to file trademark applications
for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device , AC5 Surgical Hemostat , AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device , AC5 Topical Hemostat ,
AC5 Device , AC5 , Crystal Clear Surgery , NanoDrape  and NanoBioBarrier . All other trademarks,
trade names and service marks included in this  Annual Report on Form 10-K  are the property of their respective owners.  

PART I  

ITEM 1. BUSINESS  

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K.  

Corporate Overview  

Arch Therapeutics, Inc., (together with its subsidiary, the   Company  
or   Arch  ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on September 16, 2009, under the name  Almah,
Inc.  to pursue the business of distributing automobile spare parts online. Effective June 26, 2013, the Company completed
a merger (the   Merger  ) with Arch Biosurgery, Inc. (formerly known as Arch Therapeutics, Inc.), a Massachusetts
corporation (  ABS  ), and Arch Acquisition Corporation (  Merger Sub  ), the Company s
wholly owned subsidiary formed for the purpose of the transaction, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into ABS and ABS
thereby became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result of the acquisition of ABS, the Company abandoned its prior
business plan and changed its operations to the business of a biotechnology company. Our principal offices are located in Framingham,
Massachusetts. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Merger represented a  reverse
merger . ABS was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and the predecessor of Arch. Consequently, the accumulated
deficit and the historical operations that are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements prior to the
Merger are those of ABS. All share information has been restated to reflect the effects of the Merger. The Company s financial
information has been consolidated with that of ABS after consummation of the Merger on June 26, 2013, and the historical financial
statements of the Company before the Merger have been replaced with the historical financial statements of ABS before the Merger
in this report. 

ABS was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts on March 6, 2006 as Clear Nano Solutions, Inc. On April 7, 2008, ABS changed its name from Clear Nano Solutions,
Inc. to Arch Therapeutics, Inc. Effective upon the closing of the Merger, ABS changed its name from Arch Therapeutics, Inc. to
Arch Biosurgery, Inc. 

Our Current Business  

We are a biotechnology company in the development stage. We have
generated no revenues to date and are devoting substantially all of our operational efforts to the development of our core technology.
We aim to develop products that make surgery and interventional care faster and safer by using a novel approach to stop bleeding
(referenced as   hemostatic   or   hemostasis  ), control leaking (referenced as   sealant  
or   sealing  ), and provide other advantages during surgery and trauma care. Our core technology is based on
self-assembling peptides that creates a physical, mechanical barrier, which could be applied to seal organs or wounds that are
leaking blood and other fluids. We believe our technology could support an innovative platform of potential products in the field
of stasis and barrier applications. Our plan and business model is to develop products that apply that core technology for use
with bodily fluids and tissues. 

To date, the Company has principally raised capital through borrowings
and the issuance of convertible debt and units consisting of its common stock, par value $0.001 per share (  Common Stock  ),
and warrants. The Company expects to incur substantial expenses for the foreseeable future relating to the research, development,
clinical trials, and commercialization of its potential products. As of December 2, 2016, the Company   believes that our
current cash  on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements into the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. The
Company will be required to raise additional capital in order to continue to fund operations. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be successful in securing additional resources when needed on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. Therefore,
there exists substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our Core Technology   

Our primary product candidates, known collectively as the
AC5 Devices  (which we sometimes refer to as   AC5   ,   AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device   ,
  AC5 Surgical Hemostat   ,   AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device   , or   AC5
Topical Hemostat   ), are being designed to achieve hemostasis in surgical procedures. They rely on our self-assembling
peptide technology and are being designed to achieve hemostasis in skin wounds and in minimally invasive and open surgical procedures.
We intend to develop other product candidates based on our technology platform for use in a range of indications. 

AC5 is being designed as a product containing synthetic biocompatible
peptides comprising L amino acids, commonly referred to as naturally occurring amino acids. When applied to a wound, AC5 intercalates
into the interstices of the connective tissue where it self-assembles into a physical, mechanical nanoscale structure that provides
a barrier to leaking substances, such as blood. AC5 may be applied directly as a liquid, which we believe will make it user-friendly
and able to conform to irregular wound geometry. Additionally, AC5 does not possess sticky or glue-like handling characteristics,
which we believe will enhance its utility in several settings, including minimally invasive surgical procedures. Further, in certain
settings, AC5 lends itself to a concept that we call Crystal Clear Surgery  the transparency and physical properties of
AC5 may enable a surgeon to operate through it in order to maintain a clearer field of vision and prophylactically stop or lessen
bleeding as it starts. 

We believe that the results of early data from preclinical tests
have shown quick and effective hemostasis with the use of AC5 relative to that reported with other types of hemostatic agents,
and that time to hemostasis is comparable among test subjects regardless of whether such test subject had or had not been treated
with therapeutic doses of anticoagulant or antiplatelet medications, commonly called  blood thinners . Based on testing
results to date, we believe that AC5 is biocompatible. 

We have devoted much of our operational effort to date to the
research and development of our core technology, including selecting our initial product composition, conducting initial safety
and other related tests, conducting an initial human trial for safety and performance of AC5, developing methods for scale-up,
reproducibility, manufacturing and formulation, and developing and protecting the intellectual property rights underlying our technology
platform. Manufacturing method and formulation optimization are important parts of peptide development. Manufacturing and formulation
optimization for our product candidates has been and continues to be done with extensive collaboration among our team and partners.
The processes are focused on optimizing traditional product parameters to target specifications covering performance, biocompatibility,
physical appearance, stability, and handling characteristics, among others. We and our partners intend to monitor manufacturing
processes and formulation methods closely, as success or failure in both setting and realizing appropriate 

Clinical Development  

Recently we completed a single-center, randomized,
single-blind prospective clinical study (NCT 02704104) of the AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device in skin lesion patients with
bleeding wounds. This was the first study assessing the safety and performance of AC5 in humans. The objectives of the study
were to evaluate the safety and performance of AC5 in patients scheduled to undergo excision of skin lesions on their trunk
or upper limbs. The primary endpoint was safety throughout the surgical procedure and until the end of a 30-day follow-up
period post procedure. Safety of the clinical investigation device was determined by monitoring for treatment related adverse
events. The primary objective was met, as the safety outcomes of both the AC5 treatment group and the control group were
similar. No serious adverse events were reported. 

A secondary endpoint was performance as assessed by
time to hemostasis. The median time to hemostasis of wounds in the AC5 treatment group was 41% faster than for those in the
control group. This result was statistically significant (p   0.001, Wilcoxon signed rank test). An additional secondary
endpoint of healing of treated wounds was assessed as measured by the ASEPSIS wound score at Days 7 and 30. There was no
evidence, at either follow-up day, of an adverse effect of AC5 treatment on the wound ASEPSIS score. The ASEPSIS score did
not appear to be compromised, as the majority of patients had an ASEPSIS score of 0 in both wounds at Days 7 and 30. All
AC5-treated wounds healed satisfactorily as per wound healing scoring criteria. 

The clinical study enrolled 46 patients, including 10 who
were taking antiplatelet monotherapy. Each patient had bleeding wounds created as a result of the excision of at least two skin
lesions under local anesthetic in the same setting. On a randomized basis, one lesion received AC5 and the other(s) received a
control treatment consisting of standard therapy plus a sham. Each subject was followed-up for safety assessment both on Day 7
and again on Day 30, which marked the end of the subject's participation in the clinical study. 

Additionally, the clinical study indicated that AC5 shortened
time to hemostasis ( TTH ) versus a control whether or not patients were taking antiplatelet therapy, suggesting that
AC5 performance is not affected by antiplatelet therapy. The reduced median TTH of the AC5 treated wounds versus the control wounds
was statistically significant for both the overall group of 46 patients (p 0.001) and for the subgroup of 10 patients on antiplatelet
therapy (p=0.005). Further, the median TTH for wounds treated with AC5 was less than 30 seconds for both the overall study group
and for the subset of patients taking antiplatelet therapy. 

Preclinical Development  

Previously, we completed the components of  the
planned preclinical program for AC5 that were required before we started our first human safety and performance trial, which
was completed in 2016. We are focused on scale-up of selected manufacturing methods and formulation optimization. In
parallel, we are conducting further  in vivo  and  in vitro  tests, while additional testing will continue after
completion of manufacturing scale-up and formulation optimization steps and the clinical trial. Self-assembling peptide
manufacturing and formulation optimization are challenging, and any delays could negatively impact anticipated clinical trial
and subsequent commercialization timelines. In order to market and sell AC5 and other Arch planned products, successful human
clinical trials, additional testing, and regulatory approvals and certifications will be required. A co-founding inventor of
certain of our technology, Dr. Rutledge Ellis-Behnke, performed a significant portion of the early preclinical animal
experimentation conducted on our technology. Some of the most significant findings from Dr. Ellis-Behnke s studies have
been published. Additionally, through collaboration with the National University of Ireland system, preclinical bench-top and
animal studies have been performed in Dublin and Cork, Ireland. As a continuation of our commitment to our product
development we entered into a collaboration agreement with National University of Ireland Galway (  NUIG  )
in Galway, Ireland on May 28, 2015 (the   Project Agreement  ). Pursuant to the Project Agreement,  NUIG
will provide, via  the C RAM Centre for Research in Medical Devices (  C RAM  ),
which is a major national research center headquartered at NUIG   established in January 2015 as part of a six-year grant
from the Irish government,  personnel, infrastructure support and grant funding in
connection with a research program intended to facilitate the continued development of the Company s core technology
(the    Project   ). Under the terms of the Project Agreement,
which has a term that will end upon the earlier of the completion of the Project  the sixth anniversary of the execution date
of the Project Agreement, or termination by either party, we may contribute up to a maximum of two hundred and fifty thousand
euro ( 250,000) to the Project per year, and NUIG will match such funds at a 2:1 ratio using funds allocated to NUIG
by Science Foundation Ireland s (   SFI   )
Research Centres Programme. In addition, while NUIG will initially retain ownership of all intellectual property developed
in connection with the Project (collectively,    Project IP   ),
any such Project IP that was either based on or derived from our existing intellectual property
(   Derivative IP   ) will be assigned back to us for a nominal
fee. For any Project IP that does not constitute Derivative IP (   Non-Derivative IP   ),  we
will have a right of first negotiation for an exclusive license to such Non-Derivative IP on customary terms for
agreements of that nature including royalties on net sales in the low single-digits, in each case subject to a grant-back to
NUIG for research and academic purposes. We have also engaged, on a fee for service basis, several private third party
facilities in the United States and abroad to perform certain preclinical bench-top and animal studies, which are often
conducted with assistance from our scientific team, and we continue to engage third parties for such services as needed and
as appropriate. 

In the preclinical animal tests conducted to date, AC5 has
demonstrated rapid average time to hemostasis (  TTH  ) when applied to a range of animal tissues. Certain
studies have tested TTH when using AC5 during surgical procedures compared to TTH when using a control substance, a saline
control substance, a control peptide, and a cautery control substance during those same procedures. The results of those
tests have shown a TTH of approximately 10   30 seconds when AC5 was applied, compared to a TTH ranging from 80 seconds
to significantly more than 300 seconds when various control substances were applied, depending on the nature of the control
substance and procedure performed. In several studies comparing AC5 to popular commercially available branded hemostatic
agents (absorbable cellulose, flowable gelatin with and without thrombin, and fibrin) applied to stop the bleeding from full
thickness penetrating wounds surgically created in rat livers, AC5 achieved hemostasis in significantly less than 30 seconds,
whereas the control products took from 50% to over 400% longer than AC5 to achieve hemostasis. 

Additionally, the preclinical tests that have been conducted to
date provide evidence that AC5 can stop bleeding in models of liver bleeding in animals that had been treated with therapeutic
amounts of anticoagulant and antiplatelet medications, commonly called  blood thinners.  In one preclinical study,
an independent third-party research group obtained positive data assessing the use of AC5 in animals that had been treated with
therapeutic doses of the antiplatelet medications Plavix  (clopidogrel) and aspirin, alone and in combination. The results
of the study were consistent with data obtained from two prior preclinical studies, in which AC5 quickly stopped bleeding from
surgical wounds created in rats following treatment with clinically relevant doses of the anticoagulant medication heparin. In
these studies, the average TTH after AC5 was applied to bleeding liver wounds of animals that had been medicated with anticoagulants
was comparable to the average TTH as measured in their non-anticoagulated counterparts. Similar results were obtained in independent
third-party studies assessing the use of AC5 in patients on the anticoagulant heparin and in patients on the anti-platelet medication,
ticagrelor (Brilinta  in the US, Brilique in Europe .) 

In preclinical tests conducted to date, AC5 has demonstrated biocompatibility
and normal healing of tissue treated with the product. Further, animals whose liver, spleen, femoral artery, eye or brain was treated
with AC5 have shown no ill effects. We believe that the peptide degrades into the amino acids from which it was originally synthesized,
which are molecules that already exist in large quantities in the human body. 

Our current and planned near-term activities are focused on
manufacturing scale-up, formulation optimization, and other preclinical activities, and conducting clinical trial testing of
AC5. In  its first clinical study for safety and performance,  AC5 was demonstrated to be safe and  to reduced TTH in wounds
versus controls. Our clinical study also demonstrated that in a subgroup of 10 patients who were taking a
prescribed antiplatelet medication, commonly known as a blood thinner, such as aspirin, AC5 had similar effects.  

Development and Commercialization Strategy  

Our present business model is to operate with a relatively small
internal team of key personnel and engage third party service providers to conduct larger scale research, development and manufacturing
activities. Our internal team collectively has a broad range of expertise and experience working with and managing third party
vendors. This general approach enables us to use the services of third party entities, which are expert, in various aspects of
our operations, while preserving capital and efficiencies by avoiding certain internal scale-up costs and resource duplication. 

Research and Development; Manufacturing  

Use of Third Party Relationships  

To date, we have engaged third party laboratory facilities run by
experts in the U.S. and abroad to perform both research and preclinical and clinical development activities. Those engagements
have assisted in our development of our primary product candidate, as well as our generation of appropriate analytical methods,
scale-up, and other procedures for use as a  blueprint  for third party manufacturers to produce the product on a larger
scale for purposes of further preclinical and clinical testing and ultimately, if required approvals are obtained, commercialization. 

We have initiated the transition to traditional contract manufacturing
and related organizations. We have commenced relationships and work with manufacturers operating with the current good manufacturing
practices (  cGMP  ) required by applicable regulatory agencies in order to scale up and produce formulation material
to be used for final preclinical testing and clinical trials. 

Manufacturing Methods  

We believe that the manufacturing methods used for a product,
including the type and source of ingredients and the burden of waste byproduct elimination, are important determinants of its opportunity
for profitability. Industry participants are keenly aware of the downsides of technologies that rely on expensive biotechnology
techniques and facilities for manufacture, onerous and expensive programs to eliminate complex materials, or ingredients that are
sourced from the complicated process of human or other animal plasma separation, since those products typically are expensive,
burdensome to produce, and at greater risk for failing regulatory oversight. 

The manufacturing methods that we intend to use to produce AC5 and
other potential future product candidates rely on detailed, complex and difficult to manage synthetic organic chemistry processes.
Although use of those methods requires that we engage manufacturers that possess the expertise, skill and know-how involved with
those methods, the required equipment to use those methods is widely available. Furthermore, improvements in relevant synthetic
manufacturing techniques over the past decade have reduced their complexity and cost, while increasing large-scale cGMP capacity.
Moreover, our planned product candidates, including AC5, will be synthesized from naturally occurring ingredients that are not
sourced from humans or other animals, but do exist in their natural state in humans. That type of ingredient may be more likely
to be categorized as  generally recognized as safe , or   GRAS  , by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(  FDA  ). 

Regulatory  

Medical Device Classification  

In February of 2015, we announced that The British Standards Institution
(  BSI  ), a Notified Body (which is a private commercial entity designated by the national government of a European
Union (  EU  ) member state as being competent to make independent judgments about whether a medical device complies
with applicable regulatory requirements) in the EU, confirmed that AC5 fulfills the definition of a medical device within the EU
and will be classified as such in consideration for CE mark designation. The FDA and other regulatory authorities or related bodies
finally determine the classification of AC5, and we anticipate that they will rule similarly to BSI. We believe that our primary
product candidate meets the criteria for a medical device. Generally, a product is a medical device if it requires neither metabolic
nor chemical activity to achieve the desired effect. Furthermore, a medical device can achieve its desired effects without requiring
a body (animal/human), whereas a drug or a biologic requires a body in order to operate. The AC5 mechanism of assembly into a barrier
can occur outside of a body and is accordingly consistent with the medical device definition. 

Medical devices in the EU and the U.S. are classified along a spectrum.
Class III status, which is the higher-level classification for devices compared to Classes II and I involves additional procedures
and regulatory scrutiny of the product candidate to obtain approvals. AC5 could be regulated as either a Class III or a Class II
medical device in these jurisdictions, depending upon the application, subject to the process for obtaining a CE mark in the EU
and the premarketing authorization process in the U.S. 

Biocompatibility Tests and Clinical Trials  

Before initiating our European or most other human clinical trials,
we are required to have completed the biocompatibility assessment of AC5. Standard required tests to assess biocompatibility, as
set forth in ISO 10993 issued by the International Organization for Standardization, may include: 

in vitro cytotoxicity;   

in vitro blood compatibility;   

in vitro Ames assay (mutagenic activity);   

irritation/intracutaneous reactivity;   

sensitization (allergenic reaction);   

implantation (performed on devices that contact the body s interior);   

pyrogenicity (causing fever or inflammation);   

systemic toxicity; and   

in vitro chromosome aberration assay (structural chromosome changes).   

We have completed the biocompatibility studies required to initiate
our first human trial of AC5 in Western Europe. We will perform further biocompatibility testing that we deem necessary for additional
indications, classifications, jurisdictions, and/or as required by regulatory authorities. 

On August 15, 2016, we announced that the AC5 Topical Hemostatic
Device met its primary and secondary endpoints in our first clinical trial for safety and performance. On October 31, 2016, the
Company further announced that additional analysis of the subgroup of 10 patients who were taking a prescribed antiplatelet medication,
commonly known as a blood thinner, such as aspirin, indicated that AC5 had similar effects for this subgroup. The Company plans
to include data from this trial in a CE mark application that we intend to submit in 2017 and approval of which is required in
order to market and commercialize AC5 as a medical device in Europe. We also expect to use this data in support of U.S. regulatory
filings. 

We expect that we will pursue approvals for use of AC5 as a
hemostatic agent and wound care agent in surgical and dermatological settings, and we may also seek to obtain approvals for additional
potential indications for use of the product, which we may pursue either opportunistically or once initial regulatory approval
for the product is obtained. 

Commercialization  

Our long-term commercialization plan for at least some of
our product candidates could entail entering into one or more collaboration agreements or strategic partnerships. Based on our
current general approach and strategy of utilizing the expertise and resources of third party service providers and maintaining
a relatively small internal team, we currently expect that we may pursue some degree of strategic collaborations or partnerships
with third parties, which could include licensing arrangements, distribution and supply partnerships, engagement of external regulatory
experts and/or marketing and sales teams, among other types of potential relationships. We presently believe that certain relationships
could improve our ability to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates and attain market acceptance for and profitable
sales of those product candidates, and that our current and planned activities and milestones relating to AC5 are well-aligned
with the needs of the market and potential partners and collaborators that may wish to enter or expand their presence in our target
markets. 

We envision the potential future customers in the marketplace for
AC5 and any other hemostatic or sealant agent we may pursue will include surgeons and other doctors, government agencies such as
the Department of Defense, hospital and operating room management and ambulance and other trauma specialists. 

Plan of Operations  

Our long-term business plan includes the following goals: 

conducting required biocompatibility studies and, subsequently, additional clinical trials on AC5 and related products;   

expanding and maintaining protection of our intellectual property portfolio;   

developing appropriate third party relationships to manufacture, distribute, market and otherwise commercialize AC5;   

obtaining regulatory approval or certification of AC5 and related products in the EU, the U.S., and other jurisdictions
                                                               as we may                                                                determine;   

continuing or developing academic, scientific and institutional relationships to collaborate on product research and development;
and   

developing additional product candidates in the hemostatic, sealant, and/or other fields.   

In furtherance of our long-term business goals, we expect to continue
to focus on the following activities during the next twelve months: 

seek additional funding as required to support the milestones described previously and our operations generally;   

work with our large scale manufacturing partners to scale up production of product compliant with current good
                                                               manufacturing practices ( cGMP ), which                                                                activities will be ongoing as
                                                               we seek to                                                                advance toward, enter into, and, if successful,
                                                               subsequently increase
                                                               commercialization activities;   

further clinical development of our product platform; 

continue to expand and enhance our financial and operational reporting and controls;   

expand and enhance our intellectual property portfolio by filing new patent applications, obtaining allowances on currently
filed patent applications, and/or adding to our trade secrets in self-assembly, manufacturing, analytical methods and formulation,
which activities will be ongoing as we seek to expand our product candidate portfolio; and   

assess our self-assembling peptide platforms in order to identify and select product candidates for advancement into development.   

In addition to capital required for operating expenses,
depending upon additional input form EU and US regulatory authorities, as well as the potential for more than one regulatory filing
and approval in 2017, up to $5,000,000 may be required to complete an initial European CE Mark approval and an initial US regulatory
clearance or approval. These estimated capital requirements potentially could increase significantly if a number of risks relating
to conducting these activities were to occur, including without limitation those set forth under the heading   RISK FACTORS  
in this filing. We anticipate that our operating and other expenses will continue to increase as we continue to implement our
business plan and pursue and achieve these goals. After giving effect to the funds received in past equity and debt financings
and assuming our use of that funding at the rate we presently anticipate, as of December 2, 2016, we believe that our current
cash and cash equivalents on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements into the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017 .  We
could spend our financial resources much faster than we expect, in which case our current funds may not be sufficient to operate
our business for the entire duration of that period. 

We have no commitments for any future capital. As indicated above,
we will require significant additional financing to fund our planned operations, including further research and development relating
to AC5, seeking regulatory approval of that or any other product we may choose to develop, commercializing any product for which
we are able to obtain regulatory approval or certification, seeking to license or acquire new assets or business, and maintaining
our intellectual property rights, pursuing new technologies and for financing the investor relations and incremental administrative
costs associated with being a public corporation. We do not presently have, nor do we expect in the near future to have, revenue
to fund our business from operations, and we will need to obtain all of our necessary funding from external sources for the foreseeable
future. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable or acceptable terms when needed, or at all.
If we cannot raise the money that we need in order to continue to develop our business, we will be forced to delay, scale back
or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business
would fail and our stockholders could lose all of their investment. 

Since inception, we have funded our operations primarily
through debt borrowings and the issuance of convertible debt and units consisting of Common Stock and warrants, and we may continue
to seek to do so in the future. If we obtain additional financing by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders 
ownership will be diluted. The terms of securities we may issue in future capital-raising transactions may be more favorable for
our new investors. Further, newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants
or other derivative securities, which may have additional dilutive effects. If we obtain additional financing by incurring debt,
we may become subject to significant limitations and restrictions on our operations pursuant to the terms of any loan or credit
agreement governing the debt. Further, obtaining any loan, assuming a loan would be available when needed on acceptable terms,
would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. We may also seek funding from additional collaboration or licensing
arrangements in the future, which may require that we relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates or proprietary
technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Moreover, regardless of the manner in which we seek to raise
capital, we may incur substantial costs in those pursuits, including investment-banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing
and distribution expenses and other related costs. 

Industry and Competition  

Arch is developing technology for surgery
and trauma care applications. Planned products include, among others, barriers for both bleeding tissues and leaking fluids that
create an environment permissive to normal healing. The initial focus has been on procedures and surgeries, with plans to follow
with trauma applications. The initial clinical trial assessed AC5 s use in an external application, while internal human
studies are intended to follow. Our intent is to provide a product set with broad utility and relatively few constraints based
on bleeding, leakage, and wound type. Features of the technology highlight its potential utility in a range of settings, including
traditional open procedures and the often more challenging minimally invasive surgeries. 

According to a 2012 report produced by MedMarket Diligence, LLC,
approximately 114 million surgical and procedure-based wounds occur annually worldwide, including 36 million from surgery in the
U.S. Since the early days of modern minimally invasive surgery in the 1990s, the percent of surgeries performed minimally invasively
has increased significantly such that it is now widespread and common. Minimally invasive surgery is often called laparoscopic
surgery, although there are additional types. Minimally invasive surgical procedures often present the surgeon with fewer margins
for potential error and less capacity to deal with certain risks, such as excessive bleeding, without converting the surgery to
a traditional open procedure. We believe that the performance and safety of both minimally invasive and traditional surgeries and
other procedures could benefit from newer hemostatic agents and sealants, because surgical and trauma patients are at significant
risk for morbidity and mortality from bleeding and/or leaking body fluid. 

Additional trends that support a demand for hemostatic and sealant
products include the following: 

overall procedure volume growth;   

ambulatory same day surgery volume growth;   

minimally invasive surgery procedure volume growth;   

efforts to reduce operating room time; and   

increased  use of anticoagulants, which predispose patients to bleeding.   

As a result of this demand, use of hemostatic agents and sealants
is increasing. According to a 2015 MedMarket Diligence report, the market for these products achieved approximately $4.2 billion
in worldwide sales in 2015 and is projected to reach $4.8 billion in 2017 and surpass $7.5 billion in 2022. Approximately three
quarter of those sales are for hemostats, which are currently growing faster than sealants, as defined in the data survey. However,
we believe that due to a currently poorly met need and pent up demand, the projected growth rate for sealants could become greater
than that for hemostats once additional products become available. 

In spite of the large size of the market for these products, many
available hemostatic agents and sealants possess a combination of limitations, including slow onset of action, general unreliability,
user-unfriendliness, and risk for adverse effects, such as healing problems, adhesion formation, infection and other safety concerns.
Many of the deficiencies of currently available hemostatic agents and sealants are comparable to those of their earlier-generation
counterparts, as revolutionary advances in underlying technologies have been elusive. 

In the course of developing AC5, we engaged commercial strategy
and marketing consultants and communicated directly with care providers to understand the needs of potential customers and to assess
product feature preferences. As we expected, better efficacy and reliability were identified as product features important to those
customers, and we discovered that other product features are important to achieving broad market acceptance. Surgeons, operating
room managers, sales representatives for currently available hemostatic products, and hospital decision-makers identified a number
of desirable characteristics for a hemostatic agent, which we carefully consider while developing AC5. These features include that
a product is: 

laparoscopic friendly;   

easily handled and applied;   

able to promote a clear field of vision and not obstruct view;   

non-viscous and flowable;   

non-sticky (to tissue or equipment);   

able to permit normal healing;   

indifferent to status of coagulation cascade or  blood thinning  drugs;   

non-toxic; and   

not sourced from human or other animal blood or tissue components.   

We anticipate that AC5 will meet these particular market demands,
and we anticipate its use in minimally invasive or laparoscopic surgery as well as open surgical procedures. While open procedures
represents the more established market for hemostatic agents, the number of surgeries performed by minimally invasive techniques,
including laparoscopic surgery, has been growing over the past two decades and is significant. Less invasive laparoscopic procedures
tend to result in shorter recovery times, faster discharges, less scarring, less pain and less need for pain medications. Many
of the hemostasis products currently available do not possess certain features and handling characteristics that are ideal for
use in a laparoscopic setting. For instance, many available products are difficult to use laparoscopically because they tend to
be sticky, powdery, fabric-based or are otherwise difficult to control and/or insert into the small tubes used during many laparoscopic
procedures. We believe that the novel features and differentiating characteristics of AC5 will make it more suitable for laparoscopic
surgeries than many or most presently available alternatives. 

Further, available data indicates that there may be increased pressure
to perform more complex surgeries at reduced costs, including conducting operations in less expensive outpatient settings. Although
accurate current statistics are difficult to obtain, a National Health Statistics Report from 2006 and updated in 2009 indicates
that outpatient surgery volume was increasing by approximately 5% annually, and a 2009 report covering U.S. surgical procedures
suggests that inpatient surgery volume was declining 1% per year. We believe that a motivating factor of this trend may be the
increased costs associated with hospital inpatient procedures performed in operating rooms, which, according to MedMarket Diligence,
have been estimated to cost between $2,000 and $10,000 per hour. These costs likely motivate increased operating room throughput
and increased volume of procedures performed in outpatient settings. Both of those trends highlight the need for highly effective
hemostatic agents and sealants that can decrease operating room time for inpatient procedures and help to increase the safety of
performing more types of procedures in less expensive outpatient settings. 

Participants in the hemostatic and sealant market currently include
large companies, such as Johnson   Johnson and its affiliated companies, C. R. Bard, Inc., Baxter International Inc., Mallinckrodt
plc, as well as various smaller companies. Certain companies in other sectors, such as pharmaceuticals, wound care, and orthopedics,
among others, are also interested in these markets. 

Commercially available products in the hemostasis field with which
we would expect AC5 to compete if it obtains required regulatory approvals can cost between $50 and $500 per procedure, with the
higher value added products generally priced at the upper end of that range. Production costs of many of those products are significant,
as they may require biotechnology or plasma separation technologies to manufacture, and they may require ingredients or other materials
that are expensive to obtain. We believe that, assuming receipt of required regulatory approvals, AC5 will be well positioned to
compete against currently available products as a result of its broad applicability in various types of surgical settings and its
features that address drawbacks seen in many available hemostatic agents. Furthermore, our planned use of a manufacturing method
that we expect will be relatively simple and cost-effective compared to methods used to manufacture many currently available hemostatic
products could enable any future sales to be made at competitive price points within the market range. 

Potential Disadvantages of AC5 Compared to the Competition  

Some potential disadvantages of AC5 compared to the hemostatic agents
currently on the market with which we would expect AC5 to compete if it obtains required regulatory approvals are as follows: 

The favorable handling characteristics of AC5 are the result of its non-sticky and non-glue-like nature. However, if a surgeon
or healthcare provider requires a product to adhere tissues together, or provide similar glue-like action, then AC5 in its current
form would not achieve that effect.   

While we project that AC5 will be relatively economical to manufacture at scale, it may not be able to compete from a price
perspective with inexpensive means to stop bleeding, such as application of pressure or use of bandages or other inexpensive hemostatic
agents.   

Research and Development Expenditures  

Our research and development expenses to date have primarily
included labor and third party consulting costs to develop our core technology and AC5. Research and development expense during
the year ended September 30, 2016 was $1,683,299, a decrease of $76,738 compared to $1,760,037 for the year ended September 30,
2015. We expect our research and development activities and expenses to increase significantly as we execute on our business plan
and commence additional clinical trials 

Regulation by the FDA and Similar Foreign Agencies  

Our research, development and clinical programs, as well as our
manufacturing and marketing operations that may be performed by us or third party service providers on our behalf, are subject
to extensive regulation in the U.S. and other countries. Most notably, we believe that AC5 will be subject to regulation as a medical
device under the U.S. Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (the   FDCA  ) as implemented and enforced by the FDA and equivalent
regulations enforced by foreign agencies in any other countries in which we desire to pursue commercialization. The FDA and its
foreign counterparts generally govern the following activities that we do or will perform or that will be performed on our behalf,
as well as potentially additional activities, to ensure that products we may manufacture, promote and distribute domestically or
export internationally are safe and effective for their intended uses: 

product design, preclinical and clinical development and manufacture;   

product premarket clearance and approval;   

product safety, testing, labeling and storage;   

record keeping procedures;   

product marketing, sales and distribution; and   

post-marketing surveillance, complaint handling, medical device reporting, reporting of deaths, serious injuries or device
malfunctions and repair or recall of products.   

Pre-Marketing Regulation by the U.S. FDA  

Medical Device Classification  

As described previously, we expect that AC5 will be classified as
a medical device because its primary desired activity does not depend on metabolic or chemical activity in a body. The FDA classifies
medical devices into one of the following three classes on the basis of the amount of risk associated with the medical device and
the controls deemed necessary to reasonably ensure their safety and effectiveness: 

Class I, requiring general controls, including labeling, device listing, reporting and, for some products, adherence to good
manufacturing practices through the FDA s quality system regulations and pre-market notification;   

Class II, requiring general controls and special controls, which may include performance standards and post-market surveillance;
or   

Class III, requiring general controls and approval of a premarket approval application (  PMA  ), which may
include post-market approval conditions and post-market surveillance.   

Class III devices are those that are deemed by the FDA to pose the
greatest risks, such as life-sustaining, life-supporting or implantable devices, or that have a new intended use or use advanced
technology that is not substantially equivalent to that of a legally marketed device. As a result of the intended use of AC5 and
the novel technology on which is it based, we anticipate that the FDA will classify it as a Class III or Class II medical device. 

As described previously, AC5 fulfills the definition of a medical
device in Europe. We anticipate that the FDA will rule similarly. We further anticipate that AC5 could be regulated as either a
Class III or a Class II medical device in these jurisdictions, depending upon the application. 

US Regulatory Approval Process  

Products that are regulated as medical devices and that require
review by the FDA are subject to either a premarket notification, also known as a 510(k), which must be submitted to the FDA for
clearance, or a PMA application, which the FDA must approve prior to marketing in the U.S. The FDA will ultimately determine the
appropriate regulatory path. 

We believe that the products we are currently pursuing for internal
use will require a PMA approval prior to commercialization. However, we believe that we may commercialize an initial product for
external use upon clearance through the 510(k) process, which we expect to seek during the second half of calendar year 2017. We
have had preliminary discussions with the FDA about the 510(k) process and are encouraged by the FDA s guidance on key elements
of that pathway. 

To obtain 510(k) marketing clearance for a medical device, an
applicant must submit a premarket notification application to the FDA demonstrating that the device is  substantially equivalent 
to a predicate device, which is typically a legally marketed Class II device in the United States. A device is substantially equivalent
to a predicate device if it has the same intended use and (i) the same technological characteristics, or (ii) has different technological
characteristics and the information submitted demonstrates that the device is as safe and effective as a legally marketed device
and does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. In some cases, the submission must include data from human clinical
studies. Marketing may commence when the FDA issues a clearance letter finding substantial equivalence. 

A PMA must be submitted to the FDA if a device cannot be cleared
through another approval process or is not otherwise exempt from the FDA s premarket clearance and approval requirements.
A PMA is required for most Class III medical devices. A PMA must generally be supported by extensive data, including without limitation
technical, preclinical, clinical trial, manufacturing and labeling data, to demonstrate to the FDA s satisfaction the safety
and efficacy of the device for its intended use. During the review period, the FDA will typically request additional information
or clarification of the information previously provided. Also, an advisory panel of experts from outside the FDA may be convened
to review and evaluate the PMA and provide recommendations to the FDA as to the approvability of the device, although the FDA may
or may not accept any such panel s recommendation. In addition, the FDA will generally conduct a pre-approval inspection
of the manufacturing facility or facilities involved with producing the device to ensure compliance with the cGMP regulations.
Upon approval of a PMA, the FDA may require that certain conditions of approval, such as conducting a post-market approval clinical
trial, be met. 

The PMA approval process can be lengthy and expensive and requires
an applicant to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the device based, in part, on data obtained from clinical trials. The PMA
process is estimated to take from one to three years or longer, from the time the PMA application is submitted to the FDA until
an approval is obtained. 

Further, if post-approval modifications are made that affect
the safety or efficacy of the device, including, for example, certain types of modifications to the device s indication for
use, manufacturing process, labeling or design, then new PMAs or PMA supplements would be required. PMA supplements often require
submission of the same type of information as a PMA, except that the supplement is typically limited to information needed to support
the changes from the device covered by the original PMA and accordingly may not require as extensive clinical and other data. 

We have not submitted to the FDA a PMA or commenced the required
clinical trials, and we have not submitted a premarket notification. Ever if we conduct successful preclinical and clinical studies
and submit a PMA for an approval or premarket application for clearance, the FDA may not permit commercialization of AC5 for the
desired indications of use, on a timely basis, or at all. Our inability to achieve regulatory approval for AC5 in the U.S., a large
market for hemostatic products, would materially adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

Clinical Trials  

Obtaining PMA approval requires the completion of human clinical
trials that produce successful results demonstrating the safety and efficacy of the product. Clinical trials for a Class III medical
device typically require an application for an investigational device exemption (  IDE  ), which would need to
be approved in advance by the FDA for a specified number of patients and study sites. Human clinical trials are subject to extensive
monitoring, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, and must be conducted under the oversight of an institutional review board
(  IRB  ) for the relevant clinical trial sites and comply with applicable FDA regulations, including those relating
to good clinical practices (  GCP  ). 

In order to complete a clinical trial, we   are required to
enroll a sufficient number of patients to conduct the trial after obtaining each patient s informed consent in a form
and substance that complies with both FDA requirements and state and federal privacy and human subject protection
regulations. Many factors could lead to delays or inefficiencies in conducting clinical trials, some of which are discussed
under the heading   RISK FACTORS   in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Further, we, the FDA or the IRB could
suspend a clinical trial at any time for various reasons, including a belief that the risks to the subjects of the trial
outweigh the anticipated benefits. Even if a trial is completed, the results of clinical testing may not adequately
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the device or may otherwise not be sufficient to obtain FDA clearance or approval to
market the product in the U.S. 

On December 16, 2015, we announced that we had received clearance
from a regulatory authority in Western Europe to initiate a human clinical trial to assess the safety and performance of AC5 in
humans. The initial patient was treated in the first quarter of 2016 and on June 6, 2016, we announced we had completed patient
enrollment in this study. On August 15, 2016, we announced that the AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device met its primary and secondary
endpoints in our first clinical trial. On October 31, 2016, the Company announced that additional analysis of the subgroup of 10
patients who were taking a prescribed antiplatelet medication, commonly known as a blood thinner, such as aspirin, indicated that
AC5 had similar effects for this patient population. 

Pre-Marketing Regulation in the EU  

Medical Device Classification  

Similar to the U.S., the EU recognizes different classes of medical
devices. The EU recognizes Class I, Class IIa, Class IIb or Class III medical devices, with the classification determination depending
on the amount of potential risk to the patient associated with use of the medical device. Classification involves rules found in
the EU s Medical Device Directive. Key questions of relevance include the degree of the device s contact with the patient,
invasiveness, active nature, and indications for use. The medical device classes recognized in the EU are as follows: 

Class I, which are considered low risk devices, such as wheelchairs and stethoscopes, and require pre-market notification prior
to placing the devices onto the EU market;   

Class IIa, which are considered low-medium risk devices and require certification by a Notified Body;   

Class IIb, which are considered medium-high risk devices and require certification by a Notified Body; and   

Class III, which are considered high-risk devices and require certification by a Notified Body.   

In February of 2015, we announced that BSI confirmed that AC5 fulfills
the definition of a medical device within the EU and will be classified as such in consideration for CE mark designation. We anticipate
that AC5 could be regulated as either a Class III or a Class II medical device in these jurisdictions, depending upon the application. 

CE Mark Approval Process  

Approval Process  

The EU has adopted numerous directives and standards regulating
the design, manufacture, clinical trials, labeling, and adverse event reporting for medical devices. Each EU member state has implemented
legislation applying these directives and standards at a national level. Many countries outside of the EU have also voluntarily
adopted laws and regulations that mirror those of the EU with respect to medical devices. 

Under applicable EU medical device directives, a CE mark is a symbol
placed on a product that declares the product s compliance with the essential requirements of applicable EU health, safety
and environmental protection legislation. In order to receive a CE mark for a product candidate, the company producing the product
candidate must select a country in which to apply. Each country in the EU has one competent authority (  CA  )
that implements the national regulations by interpreting the EU directives. CAs also designate and regulate Notified Bodies. An
assessment by a Notified Body in the selected country within the EU is required in order to commercially distribute the device.
In addition, compliance with ISO 13485 issued by the International Organization for Standardization, among other standards, establishes
the presumption of conformity with the essential requirements for CE marking. Certification to the ISO 13485 standard demonstrates
the presence of a quality management system that can be used by a manufacturer for design and development, production, installation
and servicing of medical devices and the design, development and provision of related services. 

Devices that comply with the requirements of the laws of the selected
member state applying the applicable EU directive are entitled to bear a CE mark and can be distributed throughout the member states
of the EU, as well as in other countries that have mutual recognition agreements with the EU or have adopted the EU s regulatory
standards. 

We have identified several potential countries through which we
may pursue a CE mark for AC5. 

Clinical Trials  

As with U.S. Class III and certain Class II medical device approvals,
EU Class III and certain Class II medical device approvals require the successful completion of human clinical trials. However,
there are several key differences between the jurisdictions with respect to the approvals and processes. Obtaining a CE mark is
not equivalent to obtaining FDA approval, in that a CE mark confirms the safety, but not the effectiveness, of a product. Furthermore,
a CE mark affixed to a product serves as a declaration by the responsible party that the product conforms to applicable provisions
and that relevant conformity assessment procedures have been completed with respect to the product. Accordingly, we anticipate
that the required EU clinical trial(s) for AC5 will be smaller, faster, and less expensive than what we expect would be required
for AC5 to obtain equivalent approvals in the U.S. 

Post-Approval Regulation  

After a medical device obtains approval from the applicable regulatory
agency and is launched in the market, numerous post-approval regulatory requirements would apply. Many of those requirements are
similar in the U.S. and in member states of the EU, and include: 

product listing and establishment registration;   

requirements that manufacturers, including third-party manufacturers, follow stringent design, testing, control, documentation
and other quality assurance procedures during all aspects of the design and manufacturing process;   

labeling and other advertising regulations, including prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved
or off-label use or indication;   

approval of product modifications that affect the safety or effectiveness of any of our devices that may achieve approval;   

post-approval restrictions or conditions, including post-approval study commitments;   

post-market surveillance regulations, which apply, when necessary, to protect the public health or to provide additional safety
and effectiveness data for the device;   

the recall authority of the applicable government agency and regulations pertaining to voluntary recalls; and   

reporting requirements, including reports of incidents in which a product may have caused or contributed to a death or serious
injury or in which a product malfunctioned, and notices of corrections or removals.   

Failure by us or by our third-party manufacturers and other suppliers
to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by various regulatory authorities, which may
result in monetary fines, the imposition of operating restrictions, product recalls, criminal prosecution or other sanctions. 

Regulation by Other Foreign Agencies  

International sales of medical devices outside the EU may be subject
to government regulations in each country in which the device is marketed and sold, which vary substantially from country to country.
The time required to obtain approval by a non-EU foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA or CE mark
clearance or approval, and the requirements may substantially differ. 

Other Governmental Regulations and Environmental Matters  

We are or may become subject to various laws and regulations
regarding laboratory practices and the use of animals in testing, as well as environmental laws and regulations governing, among
other things, any use and disposal by us of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances in connection with our research. At this
time, costs attributable to environmental compliance are not material. In each of these areas, applicable U.S. and foreign government
agencies have broad regulatory and enforcement powers, including, among other things, the ability to levy fines and civil penalties,
suspend or delay issuance of approvals, seize or recall products, and withdraw approvals, any one or more of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if we are able to successfully obtain approvals for and commercialize our
product candidates, then the Company and our products may become subject to various federal, state and local laws targeting fraud,
abuse, privacy and security in the healthcare industry. 

Intellectual Property   

We are focused on the development of
self-assembling compositions, particularly self-assembling peptide compositions, and methods of making and using such
compositions   primarily in healthcare applications. Suitable applications of these compositions include limiting or
preventing the movement of bodily fluids and contaminants within or on the human body, preventing adhesions, treatment of
leaky or damaged tight junctions, and reinforcement of weak or damaged vessels, such as aneurysms. Our strategy to date has
been to develop an intellectual property portfolio in high-value jurisdictions that tend to uphold intellectual property
rights. 

Our patent portfolio, which covers self-assembling peptides
and methods of use thereof, includes six granted, issued or allowed patents, and seventeen pending applications in nine jurisdictions. 

We have also entered into a license agreement with MIT
pursuant to which we have been granted exclusive rights under one portfolio of patents and non-exclusive rights under another
portfolio of patents. The portfolio exclusively licensed from MIT and Versitech Limited ( MIT ) includes fifteen
patents that have been either allowed, issued or granted and seven applications that are pending in nine jurisdictions. The
portfolio non-exclusively licensed from MIT includes a number of PCT applications which have now entered the national and
regional phases outside of the US, including eight issued patents in four jurisdictions that expire between 2016 and 2027
(absent patent term extension), and one pending patent application in one jurisdiction. Because a portion of our patent
portfolio has been in-licensed on a non-exclusive basis, other parties may be able to develop, manufacture, market and sell
products with similar features covered by the same patent rights and technologies, which in turn could significantly undercut
the value of any of our product candidates and adversely affect our business. A complaint for an invalidation trial has been
filed by a competitor against one of our licensed MIT Japanese patents. The corresponding   European patent licensed by Arch
from MIT was recently opposed, but was maintained in amended form following an administrative hearing. This decision has been
appealed. 

Our license agreement with MIT imposes certain diligence,
capital raising, and other obligations on us, including obligations to raise certain amounts of capital by specific dates. Additionally,
we are responsible for all patent prosecution and maintenance fees under that agreement. Our breach of any material terms of our
license agreement with MIT could permit the counterparty to terminate the agreement, which could result in our loss of some or
all of our rights to use certain intellectual property that is material to our business and our lead product candidate. Our loss
of any of the rights granted to us under our license agreement with MIT could materially harm our product development efforts and
could cause our business to fail. 

We also were granted a non-exclusive sub-license of a patent
assigned to MIT and in turn licensed by MIT to the sub-licensing third party. This patent expired in 2014. This sub-license was
a fully-paid and royalty-free license and did not provide any outbound license grant to any ABS owned or exclusively licensed intellectual
property. We presently do not anticipate any material impact on our business or operations resulting from the expiration of this
patent in 2014. 

We have pending trademark applications for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic
Device , AC5 Surgical Hemostat , AC5 , Crystal Clear Surgery , NanoDrape  and NanoBioBarrier . 

Employees  

We presently have six full-time employees and one part-time
employee, and make extensive use of third party contractors, consultants, and advisors to perform many of our present activities.
We expect to increase the number of our employees as we increase our operations. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Investment in our Common Stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors before making an investment decision. If any of the following
risks and uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be negatively impacted
and you could lose all or part of your investment.  

Risks Related to our Business   

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern.   

We are a development stage company with no commercial products.
Our primary product candidate is in the process of being developed, and will require significant additional clinical development
and investment before it could potentially be commercialized. As a result, we have not generated any revenue from operations since
inception, and we have incurred substantial net losses to date. Moreover, our cash position is vastly inadequate to support our
business plans and substantial additional funding will be needed in order to pursue those plans, which include research and development
of our primary product candidate, seeking regulatory approval for that product candidate, and pursuing its commercialization in
the U.S., Europe and other markets. Those circumstances raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.
In particular and as discussed in greater detail below under the risk factor entitled    We will need substantial additional
funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development
programs or commercialization efforts and could cause our business to fail  ,  as of December 2, 2016, we believe that
our current cash and cash equivalents on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements into the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. 

We have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect
to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future, and we may never generate revenue or achieve or maintain profitability.   

As noted above under the risk factor entitled    There
is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern  ,     w e are a development stage
company with no commercial products. Consequently, we have incurred losses in each year since our inception and we expect that
losses will continue to be incurred in the foreseeable future in the operation of our business. To date, we have financed our operations
entirely through equity and debt investments by founders, other investors and third parties, and we expect to continue to rely
on these sources of funding, to the extent available in the foreseeable future. Losses from operations have resulted principally
from costs incurred in research and development programs and from general and administrative expenses, including significant costs
associated with establishing and maintaining intellectual property rights, significant legal and accounting costs incurred in connection
with both the closing of the Merger and complying with public company reporting and control obligations, and personnel expenses.
We have devoted much of our operations to date to the research and development of our core technology, including selecting our
initial product composition, conducting initial safety and other related tests, generating scale-up, reproducibility and manufacturing
and formulation methods, and developing and protecting the intellectual property rights underlying our technology platform. 

We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and we anticipate
that those expenses and losses may increase in the foreseeable future as we seek to: 

develop our principal
    product candidate, AC5, and the underlying technology, including advancing applications and conducting biocompatibility
    and other preclinical  studies;   

raise capital needed to fund our operations;   

build and enhance investor relations and corporate communications capabilities;   

conduct additional clinical trials relating to AC5 and any other product candidate we seek to develop;   

attempt to gain regulatory approvals for product candidates;   

build relationships with contract manufacturing partners, and invest in product and process development through such partners;   

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio;   

advance additional product candidates and technologies through our research and development pipeline;   

seek to commercialize selected product candidates which may require regulatory approval; and   

hire additional regulatory, clinical, quality control, scientific, financial, and management, consultants and advisors.   

To become and remain profitable, we must succeed in developing and
eventually commercializing product candidates with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a number
of challenging activities, including successfully completing preclinical testing and clinical trials of product candidates, obtaining
regulatory approval for our product candidates and manufacturing, marketing and selling any products for which we may obtain regulatory
approval. We are only in the preliminary stages of many of those activities. We may never succeed in those activities and may never
generate operating revenues or achieve profitability. Even if we do generate operating revenues sufficient to achieve profitability,
we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability. Our failure to generate operating revenues or become and remain profitable
would impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations, all of which would depress the price
of our Common Stock. A further decline or lack of increase in the prices of our Common Stock could cause our stockholders to lose
all or a part of their investment in the Company. 

We will need substantial additional funding and may be unable
to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs or commercialization
efforts and could cause our business to fail.   

Based on our current operating expenses and working capital requirements,
as of December 2, 2016, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements
into the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. In addition to the funds raised from our previous equity and convertible debt financings
and borrowings under the Life Sciences Accelerator Funding Agreement (the   MLSC Loan Agreement  ) that we entered
into with MLSC, we will need to obtain additional cash to continue operations and fund our planned future operations, including
the continuation of our ongoing research and development efforts, the licensing or acquisition of new assets, and researching and
developing any potential patents, the related compounds and any further intellectual property that we may acquire. In addition,
our plans may change and/or we may use our capital resources more rapidly than we currently anticipate. We presently expect that
our expenses will increase in connection with our ongoing activities to support our business operations inclusive of regulatory
applications and approval of AC5 in the U.S. and Europe and therefore we will require additional funding. Our future capital requirements
will depend on many factors, including: 

the scope, progress and results of our research, preclinical, and clinical development activities;   

the scope, progress and results of our research and development collaborations;   

the extent of potential direct or indirect grant funding for our research and development activities;   

the scope, progress, results, costs, timing and outcomes of any regulatory process and clinical trials conducted for any of our product candidates;   

the timing of entering into, and the terms of, any collaboration agreements with third parties relating to any of our product candidates;   

the timing of and the costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our product candidates;   

the costs of operating, expanding and enhancing our operations to support our clinical activities and, if our product candidates are approved, commercialization activities;   

the costs of maintaining, expanding and protecting our intellectual property portfolio, including potential litigation costs and liabilities;   

the costs associated with maintaining and expanding our product pipeline;   

the costs associated with expanding our geographic focus;   

operating revenues, if any, received from sales of our product candidates, if any are approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (  FDA  ) or other applicable regulatory agencies;   

the cost associated with being a public company, including obligations to regulatory agencies, and increased investor relations and corporate communications expenses; and   

the costs of additional general and administrative personnel, including accounting and finance, legal and human resources employees.   

We intend to obtain additional financing for our
business through public or private securities offerings, the incurrence of additional indebtedness, or some combination of
those sources. We have   obtained research and development support through collaborative arrangements, such as the Project
Agreement that we entered into with the National University of Ireland Galway (  NUIG  ) on May 28, 2015,
and we may continue to seek funding through additional collaborative arrangements with strategic partners if we determine
them to be necessary or appropriate, although these arrangements could require us to relinquish rights to our technology or
product candidates and could result in our receipt of only a portion of any revenues associated with the partnered product.
We cannot provide any assurance that additional financing from these sources will be available on favorable terms, if at all.
In addition, we are bound by certain contractual terms and obligations that may limit or otherwise impact our ability to
raise additional funding in the near-term including, but not limited to, provisions in the MLSC Loan Agreement (i)
restricting our ability to incur certain types of additional indebtedness, and (ii) that would cause all amounts under the
MLSC Loan Agreement to become immediately due and payable if we receive cumulative net proceeds of $5,000,000 or more in one
or more financing transactions at any time after October 3, 2016. These restrictions and provisions, which are discussed in
greater detail below under the risk factor entitled    Our current and any future debt facilities or instruments
may require us to use our limited capital to repay amounts owed and may impose limitations on our operations, which
could negatively affect our business plans  ,  could make it more challenging for us to raise capital through
the incurrence of additional debt or through future equity issuances. Further, if we do raise capital through the sale of
equity, or securities convertible into equity, the ownership of our then existing stockholders would be diluted, which
dilution could be significant depending on the price at which we may be able to sell our securities. Also, if we raise
additional capital through the incurrence of indebtedness, we may become subject to additional covenants restricting our
business activities, and the holders of debt instruments may have rights and privileges senior to those of our equity
investors. Finally, servicing the interest and principal repayment obligations under our debt facilities could divert funds
that would otherwise be available to support research and development, clinical or commercialization activities. 

If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis
or on acceptable terms in the future, we would likely be required to delay, reduce or eliminate one or more of our product development
activities, which could cause our business to fail. 

The terms of the 2016 Private Placement Financing could impose
additional challenges on our ability to raise funding in the future.   

The subscription agreements that we entered into between May 24,
2016 and May 26, 2016 (the   2016 Subscription Agreements  ) in connection with our private placement financing
that closed on May 26, 2016 (the   2016 Private Placement Financing  ) impose certain restrictions on our ability
to issue equity or debt securities, including the following: (i) until the six-month anniversary of the first date on which all
the Registrable Securities (as defined in the registration rights agreement that we entered into with the investors in the 2016
Private Placement Financing)(the   2016 Registrable Securities  ) are covered by one or more effective registration
statements, which occurred on July 13, 2016 (the   2016 Registration Statement Effective Date  ), the 2016 Investors
shall have certain notice and participation rights with respect to offers and sales of securities that we may pursue; and (ii)
until the earlier of the nine-month anniversary of the 2016 Registration Statement Effective Date and the date on which the 2016
Investors have sold all such 2016 Registrable Securities, we may not effect or enter into an agreement for a VRT, where a   VRT  
is a transaction in which we (1) issue convertible securities at (A) a conversion, exercise or exchange rate or other price that
is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of, or quotations for, the shares of our Common Stock at any time after the
initial issuance of such convertible securities; or (B) with a conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being
reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such convertible securities or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent
events directly or indirectly related to our business or the market for the common stock, other than pursuant to a customary  weighted
average  anti-dilution provision; or (2) enter into any agreement (including, without limitation, an  equity line of
credit  or an  at-the-market offering ) whereby we or any subsidiary may sell securities at a future determined
price, other than standard and customary  preemptive  or  participation  rights. These provisions could
make our securities less attractive to investors and could limit our ability to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis or
on acceptable terms in the future, which could have significant harmful effects on our financial condition and business and could
include substantial limitations on our ability to continue to conduct operations. 

Our current and any future debt facilities or instruments
may require us to use our limited capital to repay amounts owed and may impose limitations on our operations, which could negatively
affect our business plans.   

On September 30, 2013, we entered into the MLSC Loan Agreement with
MLSC pursuant to which MLSC has provided us an unsecured subordinated loan in principal amount of $1,000,000 (such loan, the   MLSC
Loan  ). Under the original terms of the MLSC Loan Agreement, the MLSC Loan bore interest at a rate of 10% per annum,
and became fully due and payable on the earlier of (i) September 30, 2018; (ii) the occurrence of an event of default under the
MLSC Loan Agreement; or (iii) the completion of a sale of substantially all of our assets, a change-of-control transaction or one
or more financing transactions in which we receive from third parties other than our then existing shareholders net proceeds of
$5,000,000 or more in a 12-month period. On September 28, 2016, we entered into an amendment (the   Amendment  ).
Under the terms of the Amendment, (i) interest on the MLSC Loan decreased from 10% per annum to 7% per annum beginning October
3, 2016; and (ii) the MLSC Loan becomes due and payable on the earlier of (a) October 3, 2017 (the   Maturity Date  );
(b) the completion of a sale of substantially all of our assets, or a change-of-control transaction; or (c) one or more financing
transactions in which we receive cumulative net proceeds of $5,000,000 or more in one or more financing transactions at any time
after October 3, 2016, and the occurrence of an event of default under the MLSC Loan Agreement. In addition, under the terms of
the Amendment, beginning October 3, 2016, the Company began repaying the principal and accrued interest under the MLSC Loan by
making the first of 13 monthly payments of $106,022, with the last payment scheduled to occur on the Maturity Date. Accordingly,
we will need substantial amounts of cash in order to repay the principal and interest owed under MLSC Loan, as it becomes due,
which we may not have or be able to obtain. Any failure to make payments as required under the MLSC Loan Agreement would constitute
an event of default, and could result in, among other things, MLSC s acceleration of all amounts due thereunder. 

Further, the MLSC Loan Agreement restricts our use of the proceeds
of the MLSC Loan to funding working capital requirements and/or the purchase of capital assets in the life sciences field, and
we are expressly prohibited from using any such proceeds for any severance payment, investment in certain securities or payment
for goods or services to a related party of the Company. Additionally, the MLSC Loan Agreement provides that, for so long as any
of the MLSC Loan remains outstanding, our headquarters and at least a majority of our employees must be located in Massachusetts
and we must not take certain actions without obtaining MLSC s prior consent, including without limitation paying dividends
on our capital stock, redeeming any of our outstanding securities, and completing a sale of substantially all of our assets or
a change-of-control transaction. Further, our failure to remain a  certified life sciences company  under the Massachusetts
General Law would constitute an event of default under the MLSC Loan Agreement. Our ability to pursue our business plans during
the term of the MLSC Loan may be severely limited as a result of those restrictions, which could cause our operations and financial
condition to suffer. 

In addition, the MLSC Loan Agreement restricts our ability, without
the prior written consent of MLSC, to incur certain types and amounts of additional indebtedness, including indebtedness senior
or, in certain circumstances, equal to the MLSC Loan and any indebtedness to any of our stockholders or employees that is subject
to a security interest and not expressly subordinated to the MLSC Loan. Our ability to finance our operations could be limited
if, while the MLSC Loan is outstanding, the only source of capital available to us is prohibited by the restrictions set forth
in the MLSC Loan Agreement, in which case we may be forced to curtail or eliminate some or all of our operations. 

Our short operating history may hinder our ability to successfully
meet our objectives.   

We are a development stage company subject to the risks,
uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in evolving markets. Our operations to date
have been primarily limited to organizing and staffing, developing and securing our technology and undertaking funding
preclinical studies of our lead product candidate, and funding one clinical trial. We have not demonstrated our ability
to successfully complete large-scale, pivotal clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, manufacture a commercial
scale product or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary
for successful product commercialization. 

Because of our limited operating history, we have limited insight
into trends that may emerge and affect our business, and errors may be made in developing an approach to address those trends and
the other challenges faced by development stage companies. Failure to adequately respond to such trends and challenges could cause
our business, results of operations and financial condition to suffer or fail. Further, our limited operating history may make
it difficult for our stockholders to make any predictions about our likelihood of future success or viability. 

If we are not able to attract and retain qualified management
and scientific personnel, we may fail to develop our technologies and product candidates.   

Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills,
experience and efforts of the principal members of our scientific and management personnel. These members include Terrence Norchi,
MD, our President and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of Dr. Norchi or any of our other key personnel could harm our business
and might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of research, development or business objectives. Further, our operation
as a public company will require that we attract additional personnel to support the establishment of appropriate financial reporting
and internal controls systems. Competition for personnel is intense. We may not be able to attract, retain and/or successfully
integrate qualified scientific, financial and other management personnel, which could materially harm our business. 

If we fail to properly manage any growth we may experience,
our business could be adversely affected.   

We anticipate increasing the scale of our operations as we seek
to develop our product candidates, including hiring and training additional personnel and establishing appropriate systems for
a company with larger operations. The management of any growth we may experience will depend, among other things, upon our ability
to develop and improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. If we are unable to
manage any growth effectively, our operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

If we fail to maintain appropriate internal controls
in the future, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, which may adversely affect our stock price and our
business.   

Our
efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations regarding our required assessment
of our internal controls over financial reporting  requires the commitment
of significant financial and managerial resources.. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including
human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud.
If we are unable to maintain effective internal controls, we may not have adequate, accurate or timely financial information,
and we may be unable to meet our reporting obligations as a publicly traded company or comply with the requirements of the SEC
or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. This could result in a restatement of our financial statements, the imposition of sanctions,
including the inability of registered broker dealers to make a market in our stock, or investigation by regulatory authorities.
Any such action or other negative results caused by our inability to meet our reporting requirements or comply with legal and
regulatory requirements or by disclosure of an accounting, reporting or control issue could adversely affect the trading price
of our stock and our business.  

We rely significantly on information technology and any failure,
inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to
operate our business effectively.   

We maintain sensitive data pertaining to our Company on our computer
networks, including information about our research and development activities, our intellectual property and other proprietary
business information. Our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract may be vulnerable to damage
from cyber-attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical
failures, despite the implementation of security measures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions
to our operations, including material disruption of our research and development activities, result in significant data losses
or theft of our intellectual property or proprietary business information, and could require substantial expenditures to remedy.
To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications or inappropriate
disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our research and development programs could
be delayed, any of which would harm our business and operations. 

Risks Related to the Development
and Commercialization of our Product Candidates   

Our business plan is dependent on the success of our initial
product candidate, AC5.    

Our business is currently focused almost entirely on the development
and commercialization of one product candidate, AC5. Our reliance on one primary product candidate means that, if we are not able
to obtain regulatory approvals and market acceptance of that product, our chances for success will be significantly reduced. We
are also less likely to withstand competitive pressures if any of our competitors develops and obtains regulatory approval or certification
for a similar product faster than we can or that is otherwise more attractive to the market than AC5. Our current dependence on
one product candidate increases the risk that our business will fail if our development efforts for that product candidate experience
delays or other obstacles or are otherwise not successful. 

The Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control ( CMC )
process may be challenging.   

Because of the complexity of our lead product candidate, the CMC
process, including product scale-up activities, may be difficult to complete successfully within the parameters required by the
FDA or its foreign counterparts. Peptide formulation optimization is particularly challenging, and any delays could negatively
impact our ability to conduct clinical trials and our subsequent commercialization timeline. Furthermore, we have, and the third
parties with whom we may establish relationships may also have, limited experience with attempting to commercialize a self-assembling
peptide as a medical device, which increases the risks associated with completing the CMC process successfully, on time, or within
the projected budget. Failure to complete the CMC process successfully would impact our ability to start a clinical trial and could
severely limit the long-term viability of our business. 

Our principal product candidate is inherently risky because
it is based on novel technologies.   

We are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development
of products based on new technologies. The novel nature of AC5 creates significant challenges with respect to product development
and optimization, engineering, manufacturing, scale-up, quality systems, pre-clinical in vitro and in vivo testing, government
regulation and approval, third-party reimbursement and market acceptance. Our failure to overcome any one of those challenges could
harm our operations, ability to complete a clinical trial, and overall chances for success. 

The manufacturing, production, and sterilization methods that
we intend to be utilized are detailed and complex and are a difficult process to manage.   

We intend to utilize third party manufacturers to manufacture and
sterilize our products. We believe that our proposed manufacturing methods make our choice of manufacturer and sterilizer critical,
as they must possess sufficient expertise in synthetic organic chemistry and device manufacturing. If such manufacturers are unable
to properly manufacture to product specifications or sterilize our products adequately, that could severely limit our ability to
market our products. 

Compliance with governmental regulations regarding the treatment
of animals used in research could increase our operating costs, which would adversely affect the commercialization of our technology.   

The Animal Welfare Act (  AWA  ) is the federal
law that covers the treatment of certain animals used in research. Currently, the AWA imposes a wide variety of specific regulations
that govern the humane handling, care, treatment and transportation of certain animals by producers and users of research animals,
most notably relating to personnel, facilities, sanitation, cage size, and feeding, watering and shipping conditions. Third parties
with whom we contract are subject to registration, inspections and reporting requirements under the AWA. Furthermore, some states
have their own regulations, including general anti-cruelty legislation, which establish certain standards in handling animals.
Comparable rules, regulations, and or obligations exist in many foreign jurisdictions. If our contractors or we fail to comply
with regulations concerning the treatment of animals used in research, we may be subject to fines and penalties and adverse publicity,
and our operations could be adversely affected. 

If the FDA or similar foreign agencies or intermediaries impose
requirements or an alternative product classification more onerous than we anticipate, our business could be adversely affected.   

The development plan for our lead product candidate is based
on our anticipation of pursuing the medical device regulatory pathway, and in February 2015 we received confirmation from The
British Standards Institution (  BSI  ), a Notified Body (which is a private commercial entity designated by
the national government of an European Union (  EU  ) member state as being competent to make independent
judgments about whether a medical device complies with applicable regulatory requirements) in the EU, that AC5 fulfills the
definition of a medical device within the EU and will be classified as such in consideration for CE mark designation.
However, the FDA and other applicable foreign agencies, including European Competent Authorities, will have authority to
finally determine the regulatory  path for our product candidates in their jurisdictions. If the FDA or similar foreign
agencies or intermediaries deem our product to be a member of a category other than a medical device, such as a drug or
biologic, or impose additional requirements on our pre-clinical and clinical development than we presently anticipate,
financing needs would increase, the timeline for product approval would lengthen, the program complexity and resource
requirements world increase, and the probability of successfully commercializing a product would decrease. Any or all of
those circumstances would materially adversely affect our business. 

If we are not able to secure and maintain relationships with
third parties that are capable of conducting clinical trials on our product candidates and support our regulatory submissions,
our product development efforts, and subsequent regulatory approvals could be adversely impacted.   

Our management has limited experience in conducting preclinical
development activities and clinical trials. As a result, we have relied and will need to continue to rely on third party research
institutions, organizations and clinical investigators to conduct our preclinical and clinical trials and support our regulatory
submissions. If we are unable to reach agreement with qualified research institutions, organizations and clinical investigators
on acceptable terms, or if any resulting agreement is terminated prior to the completion of our clinical trials, then our product
development efforts could be materially delayed or otherwise harmed. Further, our reliance on third parties to conduct our clinical
trials and support our regulatory submissions will provide us with less control over the timing and cost of those trials, the ability
to recruit suitable subjects to participate in the trials, and the timing, cost, and probability of success for the regulatory
submissions. Moreover, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require that we comply with standards, commonly referred to as
good clinical practices (  GCP  ), for conducting, recording and reporting the results of our preclinical development
activities and our clinical trials, to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, safety
and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. Additionally, both we and any third party contractor performing preclinical
and clinical studies are subject to regulations governing the treatment of human and animal subjects in performing those studies.
Our reliance on third parties that we do not control does not relieve us of those responsibilities and requirements. If those third
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our preclinical development
activities or clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or stated protocols, we may not be able to obtain, or
may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our
efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. Any of those circumstances would materially harm our business and
prospects. 

Any clinical trials that are planned or are conducted on our
product candidates may not start or may fail.   

Clinical trials are lengthy, complex and extremely expensive processes
with uncertain expenditures and results and frequent failures. While the Company has completed its first clinical trial in Western
Europe, clinical trials that are planned or which have or shall commence for any of our product candidates could be delayed or
fail for a number of reasons, including if: 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities, or other relevant decision making bodies do not grant permission to proceed or place a trial on clinical hold due to safety concerns or other reasons;   

sufficient suitable subjects do not enroll, enroll more slowly than anticipated or remain in our trials;   

we fail to produce necessary amounts of product candidate;   

subjects experience an unacceptable rate of efficacy of the product candidate;   

subjects experience an unacceptable rate or severity of adverse side effects, demonstrating a lack of safety of the product candidate;   

any portion of the trial or related studies produces negative or inconclusive results or other adverse events;   

reports from preclinical or clinical testing on similar technologies and products raise safety and/or efficacy concerns;   

third-party clinical investigators lose their licenses or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, do not perform their clinical trials on the anticipated schedule or consistent with the clinical trial protocol, GCP or regulatory requirements, or other third parties do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner;   

inspections of clinical trial sites by the FDA or an institutional review board (  IRB  ) or other applicable regulatory authorities find violations that require us to undertake corrective action, suspend or terminate one or more testing sites, or prohibit us from using some or all of the resulting data in support of our marketing applications with the FDA or other applicable agencies;   

manufacturing facilities of our third party manufacturers are ordered by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of current good manufacturing practices (  cGMP  ) or other applicable requirements;   

third-party contractors become debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations of regulatory requirements;   

the FDA or other regulatory authorities impose requirements on the design, structure or other features of the clinical trials for our product candidates that we and/or our third party contractors are unable to satisfy;   

one or more IRB refuses to approve, suspends or terminates a trial at an investigational site, precludes enrollment of additional subjects, or withdraws its approval of the trial;   

the FDA or other regulatory authorities seek the advice of an advisory committee of physician and patient representatives that may view the risks of our product candidates as outweighing the benefits;   

the FDA or other regulatory authorities require us to expand the size and scope of the clinical trials, which we may not be able to do; or   

the FDA or other regulatory authorities impose prohibitive post-marketing restrictions on any of our product candidates that attain regulatory approval.   

Any delay or failure of one or more of our clinical trials may occur
at any stage of testing. Any such delay could cause our development costs to materially increase, and any such failure could significantly
impair our business plans, which would materially harm our financial condition and operations. 

We cannot market and sell any product candidate in
the U.S. or in any other country or region if we fail to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, clearances or
certifications from applicable government agencies.   

We cannot sell our product candidates in any country until
regulatory agencies grant marketing approval, clearance or other required certification. The process of obtaining such
approval is lengthy, expensive and uncertain. If we are able to obtain such approvals for our lead product candidate or any
other product candidate we may pursue, which we may never be able to do, it would likely be a process that takes many years
to achieve. 

To obtain marketing approvals in the U.S. for our product candidates,
we believe that we must, among other requirements, complete carefully controlled and well-designed clinical trials sufficient to
demonstrate to the FDA that the product candidate is safe and effective for each indication for which we seek approval. As described
above, many factors could cause those trials to be delayed or to fail. 

We believe that the pathway to marketing approval in the
U.S. for our lead product candidate for internal use will likely require the process of FDA Premarket Approval
(  PMA  ) for the product, which is based on novel technologies and likely will be classified as a Class III
medical device. This approval pathway can be lengthy and expensive, and is estimated to take from one to three years or
longer from the time the PMA application is submitted to the FDA until approval is obtained, if approval can be obtained at
all. 

Similarly, to obtain approval to market our product candidates outside
of the U.S., we will need to submit clinical data concerning our product candidates to and receive marketing approval or other
required certifications from governmental or other agencies in those countries, which in certain countries includes approval of
the price we intend to charge for a product. For instance, in order to obtain the certification needed to market our lead product
candidate in the EU, we believe that we will need to obtain a CE mark for the product, which entails scrutiny by applicable regulatory
agencies and bears some similarity to the PMA process, including completion of one or more successful clinical trials. 

We may encounter delays or rejections if changes occur in regulatory
agency policies, if difficulties arise within regulatory or related agencies such as, for instance, any delays in their review
time, or if reports from preclinical and clinical testing on similar technology or products raise safety and/or efficacy concerns
during the period in which we develop a product candidate or during the period required for review of any application for marketing
approval or certification. 

Any difficulties we encounter during the approval or certification
process for any of our product candidates would have a substantial adverse impact on our operations and financial condition and
could cause our business to fail. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to effectively market
our product candidates.   

A significant part of our success depends on the various marketing
strategies we plan to implement. Our business model has historically focused solely on product development, and we have never attempted
to commercialize any product. There can be no assurance as to the success of any such marketing strategy that we develop or that
we will be able to build a successful sales and marketing organization. If we cannot effectively market those products we seek
to commercialize directly, such products  prospects will be harmed. 

Any product for which we obtain required regulatory approvals
could be subject to post-approval regulation, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with such post-approval requirements.   

Any product for which we are able to obtain marketing approval or
other required certifications, and for which we are able to obtain approval of the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical
data, labeling, advertising and promotional activities for such product, will be subject to continual requirements of and review
by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including through periodic inspections. These requirements include, without
limitation, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration requirements, cGMP requirements
relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. Maintaining compliance with
any such regulations that may be applicable to us or our product candidates in the future would require significant time, attention
and expense. Even if marketing approval of a product is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses
for which the product may be marketed or other conditions of approval, or may contain requirements for costly and time consuming
post-marketing approval testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. Discovery after approval of
previously unknown problems with any approved product candidate or related manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory
requirements, may result in consequences to us such as: 

restrictions on the marketing or distribution of a product, including refusals to permit the import or export of the product;   

the requirement to include warning labels on the products;   

withdrawal or recall of the products from the market;   

refusal by the FDA or other regulatory agencies to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we may submit;   

suspension of any ongoing clinical trials;   

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenue;   

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals or certifications; or   

civil or criminal penalties.   

If any of our product candidates achieves required regulatory marketing
approvals or certifications in the future, the subsequent occurrence of any such post-approval consequences would materially adversely
affect our business and operations. 

Current or future legislation may make it more difficult and
costly for us to obtain marketing approval or other certifications of our product candidates.   

In 2007, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007
(the   FDAAA  ) was adopted. This legislation grants significant powers to the FDA, many of which are aimed at
assuring the safety of medical products after approval. For example, the FDAAA grants the FDA authority to impose post-approval
clinical study requirements, require safety-related changes to product labeling and require the adoption of complex risk management
plans. Pursuant to the FDAAA, the FDA may require that a new product be used only by physicians with specialized training, only
in specified health care settings, or only in conjunction with special patient testing and monitoring. The legislation also includes
requirements for disclosing clinical study results to the public through a clinical study registry, and renewed requirements for
conducting clinical studies to generate information on the use of products in pediatric patients. Under the FDAAA, companies that
violate these laws are subject to substantial civil monetary penalties. The requirements and changes imposed by the FDAAA, or any
other new legislation, regulations or policies that grant the FDA or other regulatory agencies additional authority that further
complicates the process for obtaining marketing approval and/or further restricts or regulates post-marketing approval activities,
could make it more difficult and more costly for us to obtain and maintain approval of any of our product candidates. 

Public perception of ethical and social issues may limit or
discourage the type of research we conduct.   

Our clinical trials will involve human subjects, and third parties
with whom we contract also conduct research involving animal subjects. Governmental authorities could, for public health or other
purposes, limit the use of human or animal research or prohibit the practice of our technology. Further, ethical and other concerns
about our or our third party contractors  methods, particularly the use of human subjects in clinical trials or the use of
animal testing, could delay our research and preclinical and clinical trials, which would adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

Use of third parties to manufacture our product candidates
may increase the risk that preclinical development, clinical development and potential commercialization of our product candidates
could be delayed, prevented or impaired.   

We have limited personnel with experience in medical device development
and manufacturing, do not own or operate manufacturing facilities, and generally lack the resources and the capabilities to manufacture
any of our product candidates on a clinical or commercial scale. We currently intend to outsource all or most of the clinical and
commercial manufacturing and packaging of our product candidates to third parties. However, we have not established long-term agreements
with any third party manufacturers for the supply of any of our product candidates. There are a limited number of manufacturers
that operate under cGMP regulations and that are capable of and willing to manufacture our lead product candidate utilizing the
manufacturing methods that are required to produce that product candidate, and our product candidates will compete with other product
candidates for access to qualified manufacturing facilities. If we have difficulty locating third party manufacturers to develop
our product candidates for preclinical and clinical work, then our product development programs will experience delays and otherwise
suffer. We may also be unable to enter into agreements for the commercial supply of products with third party manufacturers in
the future, or may be unable to do so when needed or on acceptable terms. Any such events could materially harm our business. 

Reliance on third party manufacturers entails risks to our business,
including without limitation: 

the failure of the third party to maintain regulatory compliance, quality assurance, and general expertise in advanced manufacturing techniques and processes that may be necessary for the manufacture of our product candidates;   

limitations on supply availability resulting from capacity and scheduling constraints of the third parties;   

failure of the third party manufacturers to meet the demand for the product candidate, either from future customers or for preclinical or clinical trial needs;   

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; and   

the possible termination or non-renewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us.   

The failure of any of our contract manufacturers to maintain high
manufacturing standards could result in harm to clinical trial participants or patients using the products. Such failure could
also result in product liability claims, product recalls, product seizures or withdrawals, delays or failures in testing or delivery,
cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business or profitability. Further, our contract manufacturers will
be required to adhere to FDA and other applicable regulations relating to manufacturing practices. Those regulations cover all
aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and recordkeeping relating to our product candidates and any products that
we may commercialize in the future. The failure of our third party manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of regulatory authorities to grant marketing
approval or other required certifications of our product candidates, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation,
seizures or recalls of product candidates, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and operations. 

Materials necessary to manufacture our
product candidates may not be available on time, on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which may delay or otherwise
hinder the development and commercialization of those product candidates.   

We will rely on the manufacturers of our product candidates to purchase
from third party suppliers the materials necessary to produce the compounds for preclinical and clinical studies, and may continue
to rely on those suppliers for commercial distribution if we obtain marketing approval or other required certifications for any
of our product candidates. The materials to produce our products may not be available when needed or on commercially reasonable
terms, and the prices for such materials may be susceptible to fluctuations. We do not have any control over the process or timing
of the acquisition of these materials by our manufacturers. Moreover, we currently do not have any agreements relating to the commercial
production of any of these materials. If these materials cannot be obtained for our preclinical and clinical studies, product testing
and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates would be delayed, which would significantly impact our ability to develop
our product candidates and materially adversely affect our ability to meet our objectives and obtain operations success. 

We may not be successful in maintaining or establishing collaborations,
which could adversely affect our ability to develop and, if required regulatory approvals are obtained, commercialize our product
candidates.   

As demonstrated by the Project Agreement that we entered into
with NUIG on May 28, 2015, we are interested in collaborating  with physicians, patient advocacy
groups, foundations, government agencies, and/or other third parties to assist with the development of our product
candidates. If required regulatory approvals are obtained for any of our product candidates, then we may consider entering
into additional collaboration arrangements with medical technology, pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and/or seek to
establish strategic relationships with marketing partners for the development, sale, marketing and/or distribution of our
products within or outside of the U.S. If we elect to expand our current relationship with NUIG and/or seek additional
collaborators in the future but are unable to reach agreements with NUIG and/or such other collaborators, as applicable, then
we may fail to meet our business objectives for the affected product or program. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are
complex and time consuming to negotiate, document and implement, and we may not be successful in our efforts, if any, to
establish and implement additional collaborations or other alternative arrangements. The terms of any collaboration or other
arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us, and the success of any such collaboration will depend heavily on
the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Any failure to engage successful collaborators could cause delays in our
product development and/or commercialization efforts, which could harm our financial condition and operational results. 

We compete with other pharmaceutical and medical device companies,
including companies that may develop products that make our product candidates less attractive or obsolete.   

The medical device, pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
are highly competitive. If our product candidates become available for commercial sale, we will compete in that competitive marketplace.
There are several products on the market or in development that could be competitors with our lead product candidate. Further,
most of our competitors have greater resources or capabilities and greater experience in the development, approval and commercialization
of medical devices or other products than we do. We may not be able to compete successfully against them. We also compete for funding
with other companies in our industry that are focused on discovering and developing novel improvements in surgical bleeding prevention. 

We anticipate that competition in our industry will increase. In
addition, the healthcare industry is characterized by rapid technological change, resulting in new product introductions and other
technological advancements. Our competitors may develop and market products that render our lead product candidate or any future
product candidate we may seek to develop non-competitive or otherwise obsolete. Any such circumstances could cause our operations
to suffer. 

If we fail to generate market acceptance of our product candidates
and establish programs to educate and train surgeons as to the distinctive characteristics of our product candidates, we will not
be able to generate revenues on our product candidates.   

Acceptance in the marketplace of our lead product candidate depends
in part on our and our third party contractors  ability to establish programs for the training of surgeons in the proper
usage of that product candidate, which will require significant expenditure of resources. Convincing surgeons to dedicate the time
and energy necessary to properly train to use new products and techniques is challenging, and we may not be successful in those
efforts. If surgeons are not properly trained, they may ineffectively use our product candidates. Such misuse could result in unsatisfactory
patient outcomes, patient injury, negative publicity or lawsuits against us. Accordingly, even if our product candidates are superior
to alternative treatments, our success will depend on our ability to gain and maintain market acceptance for those product candidates
among certain select groups of the population and develop programs to effectively train them to use those products. If we fail
to do so, we will not be able to generate revenue from product sales and our business, financial condition and results of operations
will be adversely affected. 

We face uncertainty related to pricing, reimbursement and
healthcare reform, which could reduce our potential revenues.   

If our product candidates are approved for commercialization,
any sales will depend in part on the availability of direct or indirect coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers
such as government insurance programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers, health maintenance
organizations and other healthcare related organizations. If our product candidates obtain marketing approval, pricing and
reimbursement may be uncertain. Both the federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments continue to
propose and pass new legislation affecting coverage and reimbursement policies, which are designed to contain or reduce the
cost of healthcare. Further, federal, state and foreign healthcare proposals and reforms could limit the prices that can be
charged for the product candidates that we may develop, which may limit our commercial opportunity. Adoption of our product
candidates by the medical community may be limited if doctors and hospitals do not receive adequate partial or full
reimbursement for use of our products or procedures in which our products are used, if any are commercialized. In some
foreign jurisdictions, marketing approval or allowance could be dependent upon pre-marketing price negotiations. As a result,
any denial of private or government payer coverage or inadequate reimbursement for procedures performed using our
products, before or upon commercialization, could harm our business and reduce our prospects for generating revenue. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress recently adopted legislation regarding
health insurance. As a result of this new legislation, substantial changes could be made to the current system for paying for healthcare
in the U.S., including modifications to the existing system of private payers and government programs, such as Medicare, Medicaid
and State Children s Health Insurance Program, creation of a government-sponsored healthcare insurance source, or some combination
of those, as well as other changes. Restructuring the coverage of medical care in the U.S. could impact reimbursement for medical
devices such as our product candidates. If reimbursement for our approved product candidates, if any, is substantially less than
we expect, or rebate obligations associated with them are substantially increased, our business could be materially and adversely
impacted. 

The use of our product candidates in human subjects may expose
us to product liability claims, and we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance or otherwise defend against any such claims.   

We face an inherent risk of product liability claims and currently
have clinical trial liability coverage. We will need to obtain additional product liability insurance coverage if and when we begin
commercialization of any of our product candidates. If claims against us exceed any applicable insurance coverage we may obtain,
then our business could be adversely impacted. Regardless of whether we would be ultimately successful in any product liability
litigation, such litigation could consume substantial amounts of our financial and managerial resources, which could significantly
harm our business. 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property   

If we are unable to obtain and maintain protection for our
intellectual property rights, the value of our technology and products will be adversely affected   

Our success will depend in large part on our ability to obtain and
maintain protection in the U.S. and other countries for the intellectual property rights covering or incorporated into our technology
and products. The ability to obtain patents covering technology in the field of medical devices generally is highly uncertain and
involves complex legal, technical, scientific and factual questions. We may not be able to obtain and maintain patent protection
relating to our technology or products. Even if issued, patents issued or licensed to us may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated,
held to be unenforceable or circumvented, or determined not to cover our product candidates or our competitors  products,
which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing identical or similar products. One of our licensed MIT European
patents was recently opposed, however this patent was maintained in amended form following an administrative hearing. Further,
we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in the patents we own or license, or that protection
of the inventions set forth in those patents was the first to be filed in the U.S. Third parties that have filed patents or patent
applications covering similar technologies or processes may challenge our claim of sole right to use the intellectual property
covered by the patents we own or exclusively license. Moreover, changes in applicable intellectual property laws or interpretations
thereof in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property rights or narrow the scope of our patent
protection. Any failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection for our intellectual property would materially harm our business,
product development programs and prospects. 

In addition, our proprietary information, trade secrets and
know-how are important components of our intellectual property rights. We seek to protect our proprietary information, trade
secrets, know-how and confidential information, in part, with confidentiality agreements with our employees, corporate
partners, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, consultants and other advisors. We also have invention or
patent assignment agreements with our employees and certain consultants and advisors. If our employees or consultants breach
those agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any of those breaches. In addition, our proprietary information,
trade secrets and know-how may otherwise become known to or be independently developed by others. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally obtained   and/or for which a party is using our proprietary information, trade secrets and/or know-how is
difficult, expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the U.S. may be less
willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time consuming litigation could be necessary to seek to enforce and determine
the scope of our intellectual property rights, and failure to obtain or maintain protection thereof could adversely affect
our competitive business position and results of operations. 

We do not have exclusive rights to certain intellectual property
as our patent portfolio includes certain patents that are jointly owned with our collaborators and others that have been in-licensed
on a non-exclusive basis.   

As of November 15, 2016, we either own or license from others a
number of U.S. patents, U.S. patent applications and international (PCT) patent applications with certain of our collaborators.
The rights of our collaborators to these patents, patent applications and other compounds under the collaborations may in the future
restrict our ability to further develop or generate revenues from those compounds except through the collaborations. 

Our patent portfolio includes a total of 23 patents and applications
assigned to Arch Biosurgery, Inc. This portfolio covers self-assembling peptides and methods of use thereof, and includes 
 six patents that have been either allowed, issued or granted, and seventeen pending applications in nine jurisdictions. 

We have also entered into a license agreement
with Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) and Versitech Limited pursuant to which we have been granted exclusive
rights under one portfolio of patents and non-exclusive rights under another portfolio of patents. The portfolio exclusively licensed
from MIT and Versitech Limited includes fifteen patents that have been either allowed, issued or granted and seven applications
that are pending in a total of nine jurisdictions. 

The portfolio non-exclusively licensed from
MIT includes a number of PCT applications which have now entered the national and regional phases outside of the US,
including eight patents that have been either allowed, issued or granted in four jurisdictions that expire between 2016 and
2027 (absent patent term extension), and one pending patent application in one jurisdiction. A complaint for an invalidation
trial has been filed by a competitor against one of our licensed MIT Japanese patents. The corresponding European   patent licensed by
Arch from MIT was recently opposed, but was maintained in amended form following an administrative hearing.
This decision has been appealed. 

If we lose certain intellectual property rights owned by third
parties and licensed to us, our business could be materially harmed.   

We have entered into certain in-license agreements with MIT and
with certain other third parties, and may seek to enter into additional in-license agreements relating to other intellectual property
rights in the future. To the extent we and our product candidates rely heavily on any such in-licensed intellectual property, we
are subject to our and the counterparty s compliance with the terms of such agreements in order to maintain those rights.
Presently, we, our lead product candidate and our business plans are dependent on the patent and other intellectual property rights
that are licensed to us under our license agreement with MIT. Although that agreement has a durational term through the life of
the licensed patents, it also imposes certain diligence, capital raising, and other obligations on us, our breach of which could
permit MIT to terminate the agreement. Further, we are responsible for all patent prosecution and maintenance fees under that agreement,
and a failure to pay such fees on a timely basis could also entitle MIT to terminate the agreement. Any failure by us to satisfy
our obligations under our license agreement with MIT or any other dispute or other issue relating to that agreement could cause
us to lose some or all of our rights to use certain intellectual property that is material to our business and our lead product
candidate, which would materially harm our product development efforts and could cause our business to fail. 

If we infringe or are alleged to infringe the intellectual
property rights of third parties, our business and financial condition could suffer.   

Our research, development and commercialization activities, as well
as any product candidates or products resulting from those activities, may infringe or be accused of infringing a patent or other
intellectual property under which we do not hold a license or other rights. Third parties may own or control those patents or other
rights in the U.S. or abroad, and could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial time, expense, and diversion
of management attention. If a patent or other intellectual property infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced
to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales, if any, of the applicable product or product candidate that is
the subject of the suit. In order to avoid or settle potential claims with respect to any of the patent or other intellectual property
rights of third parties, we may choose or be required to seek a license from a third party and be required to pay license fees
or royalties or both. Any such license may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we or our future collaborators
were able to obtain a license, the rights granted to us or them could be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining
access to the same intellectual property rights and materially negatively affecting the commercialization potential of our planned
products. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing one or more product candidates, or be forced to cease some aspects
of our business operations, if, as a result of actual or threatened infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on
acceptable terms or at all or otherwise settle such claims. Further, if any such claims were successful against us, we could be
forced to pay substantial damages. Any of those results could significantly harm our business, prospects and operations. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common
Stock   

There is not now, and there may not ever be, an active market
for our Common Stock, which trades in the over-the-counter market in low volumes and at volatile prices.   

There currently is a limited market for our Common Stock. Although
our Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB, an over-the-counter quotation system, trading of our Common Stock is extremely limited
and sporadic and generally at very low volumes. Further, the price at which our Common Stock may trade is volatile and we expect
that it will continue to fluctuate significantly in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. The stock
market in general, and securities of small-cap companies driven by novel technologies in particular, has experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations in recent years. Continued market fluctuations could result in further volatility in the price at which
our Common Stock may trade, which could cause its value to decline. To the extent we seek to raise capital in the future through
the issuance of equity, those efforts could be limited or hindered by low and/or volatile market prices for our Common Stock. 

We do not now meet the initial listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock
Market or any other national securities exchange. We presently anticipate that our Common Stock will continue to be quoted on the
OTCQB or another over-the-counter quotation system. In those venues, our stockholders may find it difficult to obtain accurate
quotations as to the market value of their shares of our Common Stock, and may find few buyers to purchase their stock and few
market makers to support its price. 

A more active market for our Common Stock may never develop. As
a result, investors must bear the economic risk of holding their shares of our Common Stock for an indefinite period of time. 

Our Common Stock is a  penny stock.    

The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define  penny
stock  as an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market
price of our Common Stock is, and is expected to continue to be in the near term, less than $5.00 per share and is therefore a
 penny stock.  Brokers and dealers effecting transactions in  penny stock  must disclose certain information
concerning the transaction, obtain a written agreement from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable
to purchase the securities. Those rules may restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to sell our Common Stock and may affect
the ability of our stockholders to sell their shares of our Common Stock. In addition, if our Common Stock continues to be quoted
on the OTCQB as we expect, then our stockholders may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations for our stock, and may find
few buyers to purchase our stock and few market makers to support its price. 

If we issue additional shares in the future, including issuances
of shares upon exercise of the Series E Warrants, the Series D Warrants, and the Series A Warrants, our existing stockholders will
be diluted.   

Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000
shares of Common Stock. In connection with the 2016 Private Placement Financing that closed on May 26, 2016, we issued an aggregate
of 9,418,334 shares of our Common Stock, which equaled approximately 8% of the 118,592,070 shares of our Common Stock that were
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the commencement of the 2016 Private Placement Financing. Upon the closing of the 2016
Private Placement Financing, we also issued Series E Warrants to acquire up to an additional 7,063,748 shares of our Common Stock
at an initial exercise price of $0.4380 per share. As of December 2, 2016, up to 6,233,323 shares may be acquired upon the exercise
of the Series E Warrants. 

Similarly, in connection with our private placement financing that
concluded on July 2, 2015 (the   2015 Private Placement Financing  ), we issued an aggregate of 14,390,754 shares
of our Common Stock, which equaled approximately 18% of the 78,766,487 shares of our Common Stock that were issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the commencement of the 2015 Private Placement Financing. Upon the closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing,
we also issued Series D Warrants to acquire up to an additional 14,390,754 shares of our Common Stock at an initial exercise price
of $0.25 per share. As of December 2, 2016, up to 10,951,663 shares may be acquired upon the exercise of the Series D Warrants. 

Upon the closing of our private placement financing on February
4, 2014 (the   2014 Private Placement Financing  ), we issued an aggregate of 11,400,000 shares of our Common
Stock, which equaled approximately 16% of our currently issued and outstanding Common Stock on the date the 2014 Private Placement
Financing closed. Upon the closing of the 2014 Private Placement Financing, we also issued three series of Warrants to acquire
up to an additional 34,200,000 shares of our Common Stock at initial exercise prices ranging from $0.30 per share (the Series A
Warrants), $0.35 per share (the Series B Warrants), and $0.40 per share (the Series C Warrants). On December 1, 2014, the Company
entered into that certain Amendment to Series A Warrants, Series B Warrants and Series C Warrants to Purchase Common Stock, dated
as of December 1, 2014, with Cranshire pursuant to which, among other things, the exercise prices of the Series B Warrants and
Series C Warrants were lowered to $0.20 per share. Following the December 1, 2014 amendment, (i) 4,000,000 shares underlying the
Series B Warrants were exercised, and the remaining 7,400,000 expired unexercised on January 3, 2015 when the term of the Series
B Warrants expired; and (ii) all 11,400,000 shares underlying the Series C Warrants were exercised prior to the expiration of the
Series C Warrants at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on July 2, 2016. As a result of the conversion price of our Convertible Notes, the
closing of the Notes Offering and the subsequent issuance of the Convertible Notes triggered the Anti-Dilution Provisions of the
Series A Warrants, which in turn reduced the exercise price of the Series A Warrants to $0.20 per share and increased the aggregate
number of shares issuable under the Series A Warrants by 5,700,000 shares (or fifty-percent (50%)) from 11,400,000 shares to 17,100,000
shares. As of December 2, 2016, up to 25,000 shares may be acquired upon the exercise of the Series A Warrants. 

Additionally, as of December 2, 2016, 5,347,527 shares of Common
Stock were reserved for future issuance under the 2013 Plan, of which 12,479,210 shares are subject to outstanding option awards
granted under the 2013 Plan at exercise prices ranging from $0.17 to $0.72 per share and with a weighted average exercise price
of $0.33 per share, and the numbers issuable under the 2013 Plan will increase by up to 3 million shares on the first business
day of each following fiscal year as set forth in the 2013 Plan. Finally, in addition to the Series E Warrants granted in connection
with the 2016 Private Placement Financing, the Series D Warrants granted in connection with the 2015 Private Placement Financing,
and the Series A Warrants granted in connection with the 2014 Private Placement Financing, there are currently outstanding warrants
to acquire up to 145,985 shares of our Common Stock. Any future grants of options, warrants or other securities exercisable or
convertible into our Common Stock, or the exercise or conversion of such shares, and any sales of such shares in the market, could
have an adverse effect on the market price of our Common Stock. 

In addition to capital raising activities, other possible business
and financial uses for our authorized Common Stock include, without limitation, future stock splits, acquiring other companies,
businesses or products in exchange for shares of Common Stock, issuing shares of our Common Stock to partners in connection with
strategic alliances, attracting and retaining employees by the issuance of additional securities under our various equity compensation
plans, compensating consultants by issuing shares or options to purchase shares of our Common Stock, or other transactions and
corporate purposes that our Board of Directors deems are in the Company s best interest. By way of example, on August 6,
2015, we issued an aggregate of 600,000 shares of restricted stock in connection with our entrance into separate consulting agreements
with two investor relations firms, Excelsior Global Advisors LLC and Acorn Management Partners, LLC, in each case in consideration
of the services to be provided under and in accordance with the terms of each consulting agreement. Additionally, shares of Common
Stock could be used for anti-takeover purposes or to delay or prevent changes in control or management of the Company. We cannot
provide assurances that any issuances of Common Stock will be consummated on favorable terms or at all, that they will enhance
stockholder value, or that they will not adversely affect our business or the trading price of our Common Stock. The issuance of
any such shares will reduce the book value per share and may contribute to a reduction in the market price of the outstanding shares
of our Common Stock. If we issue any such additional shares, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power
of all current shareholders. Further, such issuance may result in a change of control of our corporation. 

Future sales of our Common Stock or rights to purchase Common
Stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause our stock price to fall.   

As noted above under the risk factor entitled,    We will
need substantial additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate
our product development programs or commercialization efforts and could cause our business to fail  ,  as of December
1, 2016, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements into the fourth
quarter of Fiscal 2017. To raise capital, we may sell Common Stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or
more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. Any such sales of our Common Stock by us or resale
of our Common Stock by our existing stockholders could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s
ability to buy and sell our stock.   

In addition to the  penny stock  rules described above,
FINRA has adopted rules that require that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds
for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its
belief that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers.
These FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our Common
Stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our Common Stock and could have an adverse effect on the
market for our shares. 

There may be additional risks because we completed a reverse
merger transaction in June 2013.   

Additional risks may exist because we completed a  reverse
merger  transaction in June 2013. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide coverage of the Company because
there may be little incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our Common Stock. There may also be increased scrutiny
by the SEC and other government agencies and holders of our securities due to the nature of the transaction, as there has been
increased focus on transactions such as the Merger in recent years. Further, since the Company existed as a  shell company 
under applicable rules of the SEC up until the closing of the Merger on June 26, 2013, there will be certain restrictions and limitations
on the Company going forward relating to any potential future issuances of additional securities to raise funding and compliance
with applicable SEC rules and regulations. 

The Company may have material liabilities that were not discovered
before the closing of the Merger.   

The Company may have material liabilities that were not discovered
before the consummation of the Merger. We could experience losses as a result of any such unasserted liabilities that are eventually
found to be incurred, which could materially harm our business and financial condition. Although the Merger Agreement contained
customary representations and warranties from the Company concerning its assets, liabilities, financial condition and affairs,
there may be limited or no recourse against the Company s prior owners or principals in the event those prove to be untrue.
As a result, the stockholders of the Company bear risks relating to any such unknown or unasserted liabilities. 

Certain of our directors and officers own a significant percentage
of our capital stock and are able to exercise significant influence over the Company.   

Certain of our directors and executive officers own a significant
percentage of our outstanding capital stock. As of December 2, 2016, Dr. Terrence W. Norchi, our President, Chief Executive Officer
and a director, Dr. Avtar Dhillon, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, and James R. Sulat, a director, beneficially own (as
determined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) approximately 17.9% of our shares
of Common Stock. Accordingly, these members of our Board of Directors and management team have substantial voting power to approve
matters requiring stockholder approval, including without limitation the election of directors, and have significant influence
over our affairs. This concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company,
even if such a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. 

The elimination of monetary liability against our directors
and officers under Nevada law and the existence of indemnification rights held by our directors, officers and employees may result
in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees.   

Our articles of incorporation eliminate the personal liability of
our directors and officers to our Company and our stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer
to the extent permissible under Nevada law. Further, our amended and restated bylaws provide that we are obligated to indemnify
any of our directors or officers to the fullest extent authorized by Nevada law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the
expenses incurred by any director or officer in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those
indemnification obligations could result in our Company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage
awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage
us from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and
may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even if such
actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit us or our stockholders. 

We are subject to the     reporting requirements
of federal securities laws, compliance with which involves significant time, expense and expertise.   

We are a public reporting company in the U.S., and, accordingly,
are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, including the
obligations imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs associated with preparing and filing annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC in the ordinary course, as well as preparing and filing audited financial statements,
has caused, and could continue to cause, our operational expenses to remain at higher levels or continue to increase. 

Our present management team has limited experience in managing
public companies. It will be time consuming, difficult and costly for our management team to acquire additional expertise and
experience in operating a public company, and to develop and implement the additional internal controls and reporting procedures
required by Sarbanes-Oxley and other applicable securities laws. 

Shares of our Common Stock that have not been registered under
federal securities laws are subject to resale restrictions imposed by Rule 144. In addition, any shares of our Common Stock that
are held by affiliates, including any that are registered, will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144.   

Rule 144 imposes requirements on us and our stockholders that must
be met in order to effect a sale thereunder. As a result, it will be more difficult for us to raise funding to support our operations
through the sale of debt or equity securities unless we agree to register such securities under the Securities Act, which could
cause us to expend significant additional time and cash resources and which we presently have no intention to pursue. Further,
it may be more difficult for us to compensate our employees and consultants with our securities instead of cash. We were a shell
company prior to the closing of the Merger, and such status could also limit our use of our securities to pay for any acquisitions
we may seek to pursue in the future (although none are currently planned), and could cause the value of our securities to decline.
In addition, any shares held by affiliates, including shares received in any registered offering, will be subject to certain additional
requirements in order to effect a sale of such shares under Rule 144. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our capital stock
in the foreseeable future.   

We have never declared or paid any dividends on our shares and
do not anticipate paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future payment of cash dividends would depend on
our financial condition, contractual restrictions, solvency tests imposed by applicable corporate laws, results of
operations, anticipated cash requirements and other factors and will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. In
addition, under the terms of the MLSC Loan Agreement, we must obtain MLSC s prior consent before declaring or paying
any dividends during the term of the MLSC Loan Agreement. As a result, our stockholders should not expect that we will ever pay cash or other dividends on our outstanding capital stock. 

We are at risk of securities class action litigation that
could result in substantial     costs and divert management s attention and resources.   

In the past, securities class action litigation has been brought
against companies following periods of volatility of its securities in the marketplace, particularly following a company s
initial public offering. Due to the volatility of our stock price, we could be the target of securities litigation in the future.
Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES  

We do not own any real property. In October 2013, we entered into
a one and one-half year operating sublease agreement pursuant to which we leased the office space of our relocated headquarters
in Wellesley, Massachusetts for a base annual rent equal to $5,031 per month. In April 2015, we moved our corporate offices to
a property in Framingham, Massachusetts. We entered into a month-to-month operating lease agreement, pursuant to which we are obligated
to pay monthly rent of $2,000, with a minimum six month commitment. We are no
longer party to the October 2013 lease, and we believe our present offices are suitable for our current
and planned near-term operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

In the ordinary course of business, we may become a party to legal
proceedings involving various matters. We are unaware of any such legal proceedings presently pending to which we or our subsidiary
is a party or of which any of our property is the subject that management deems to be, individually or in the aggregate, material
to our financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

PART II  

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES  

Market Information  

Our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB over-the-counter
quotation system. Our Common Stock began quotation on the OTCBB and the OTCQB on June 27, 2013 and since that date has been primarily
traded on the OTCQB. There was no trading of our Common Stock on the OTCBB, OTCQB or any other over-the-counter market prior to
January 2, 2013. Although our Common Stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB, there is a limited trading market for our Common Stock
and there have been few trades in our Common Stock to date. Because our Common Stock is thinly traded, any reported sale prices
may not be a true market-based valuation of our Common Stock. 

The table below sets forth reported high and low closing bid quotations
for our Common Stock for the fiscal quarters indicated as reported on the OTCQB. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

As of December 1, 2016, there were approximately 100 holders of
record of our common stock. 

Dividends  

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends or distributions
on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to support operations and to finance expansion
and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, under
the terms of the MLSC Loan Agreement, we must obtain MLSC s prior consent before declaring or paying any dividends during
the term of the MLSC Loan Agreement. 

Recent sales of unregistered securities  

On August 9, 2016, we entered into a consulting agreement with an
investor relations firm, Acorn Management Partners, LLC (  Acorn  ). In consideration of the services to be provided
under and in accordance with the terms of the consulting agreement, we issued (i) 225,000 shares of Common Stock under our 2013
Stock Incentive Plan at an agreed upon value of $0.72 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on August 9, 2016;
and (ii) an option under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan to purchase up to 375,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
price of $0.72 per share, in each case to John R. Exley, Acorn s Chief Executive Officer and the party designated by Acorn
to receive its shares and option. The shares and option are subject to time-based vesting restrictions. Of the 225,000 shares of
Common Stock granted to Mr. Exley, 75,000 vest 90 days from the date of the award, 75,000 vest 120 days from the date of the award
and the remaining 75,000 shares are scheduled to vest 150 days from the date of the award. Of the stock options to purchase up
to 375,000 shares of Common Stock awarded to Mr. Exley, 125,000 vest 90 days from the date of the award, 125,000 vest 120 days
from the date of the award and the remaining 125,000 shares are scheduled to vest 150 days from the date of the award. The issuance
and sale of the shares of Common Stock and option to Acorn has not been registered under the Securities Act, and such securities
may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under or exemption from the Securities Act and any applicable
state securities laws. The securities were issued and sold in reliance upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act based on the following facts: Acorn has represented that it is an accredited investor as defined
in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, that it is acquiring the securities for investment only and not with a view
towards, or for resale in connection with, a distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities laws; that it understood
that the securities would be issued as restricted securities and as a result, it must bear the economic risk of its investment
in the securities for an indefinite period of time. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF   FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-K .  This discussion and analysis
contains forward looking statements. We make forward-looking statements, as defined by the  safe harbor  provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and in some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking
words such as  if,   will,   may,   might,   will likely result,   should, 
 expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project, 
 intend,   goal,   objective,   predict,   potential  or  continue, 
or the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements are based on various underlying
assumptions and expectations and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other unknown factors, may include projections of our
future financial performance based on our growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business and include risks and uncertainties
relating to Arch s current cash position and its need to raise additional capital in order to be able to continue to fund
its operations; the stockholder dilution that may result from future capital raising efforts and the exercise or conversion, as
applicable of Arch s outstanding options, warrants and convertible notes; Arch s limited operating history which may
make it difficult to evaluate Arch s business and future viability; Arch s ability to timely commercialize and generate
revenues or profits from our anticipated products; Arch s ability to achieve the desired regulatory approvals in the United
States or elsewhere; Arch s ability to retain its managerial personnel and to attract additional personnel; the strength
of Arch s intellectual property, the intellectual property of others and any asserted claims of infringement; and other risk
factors identified under the caption    Risk Factors    in this Form 10-K and in the documents Arch has filed,
or will file with the SEC. We undertake no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of filing of this
Form 10-K to conform such forward-looking statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as otherwise required by
law .  

Corporate Overview  

Arch Therapeutics, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State
of Nevada on September 16, 2009 with the name  Almah, Inc. . Effective June 26, 2013, Arch completed a merger (the
  Merger  ) with Arch Biosurgery, Inc. (formerly known as Arch Therapeutics, Inc.), a Massachusetts corporation
(  ABS  ), and Arch Acquisition Corporation (  Merger Sub  ), Arch s wholly owned subsidiary
formed for the purpose of the transaction, pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into ABS and ABS thereby became the wholly
owned subsidiary of Arch. Prior to the completion of the Merger, Arch was a  shell company  under applicable rules
of the SEC and had no or nominal assets or operations. As part of the acquisition, Almah management resigned and was replaced with
ABS management. Upon its acquisition of ABS, Arch abandoned its prior business plan and changed its operations to the business
of a biotechnology company. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Merger represented a  reverse
merger . ABS was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and the predecessor of Arch. Consequently, the assets,
liabilities, accumulated deficit and the historical operations that are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial
statements are those of ABS. All share information has been restated to reflect the effects of the Merger. The Company s
financial information was consolidated with that of ABS after consummation of the Merger on June 26, 2013, and the historical financial
statements of the Company before the Merger have been replaced with the historical financial statements of ABS before the Merger
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ABS was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
on March 6, 2006 as Clear Nano Solutions, Inc., changed its name to Arch Therapeutics, Inc. on April 7, 2008, and changed its name
from Arch Therapeutics, Inc. to Arch Biosurgery, Inc. upon the closing of the Merger on June 26, 2013. 

Liquidity  

We are in the development stage and have generated no operating
revenues to date and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future due to the early stage nature of our current product candidates.
We currently do not have any products that have obtained marketing approval in any jurisdiction. For the year ended September 30,
2016, we have a net loss of $5,992,370 versus a net loss of $2,947,526 in the comparable period in the prior year. We devote a
significant amount of our efforts towards fundraising, clinical trials, and product research. The loss for the year ended September
30, 2016 is attributable to general and administrative costs, primarily relating to legal costs associated with intellectual
property, patent application and prosecution costs, and general corporate legal expenses and research and development
expenses, including clinical trials, all of which were partially offset by adjustments to the derivative liabilities. The loss
for the year ended September 30, 2015 is attributable to general and administrative costs, primarily relating to legal
costs associated with intellectual property, patent application and prosecution costs, and general corporate legal expenses and
research and development expenses all of which were partially offset by adjustments to the derivative liabilities. Cash
used in operating activities increased $507,641 during the year ended September 30, 2016 to $4,747,027, compared to $4,239,386
for the year ended September 30, 2015. Cash at September 30, 2016 increased by $1,076,376 to $5,036,476 compared to $3,960,100
for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Business Overview  

We are a biotechnology company in the development
stage. We have generated no revenues to date and are devoting substantially all of our operational efforts to the development
of our core technology. We aim to develop products that make surgery and interventional care faster and safer by using a novel
approach to stop bleeding (referenced as  hemostatic  or  hemostasis ), control leaking (referenced as
 sealant  or  sealing ), and provide other advantages during surgery and trauma care. Our core technology
is based on self-assembling peptides that creates a physical, mechanical barrier, which could be applied to seal organs or wounds
that are leaking blood and other fluids. We believe our technology could support an innovative platform of potential products
in the field of stasis and barrier applications. Our plan and business model is to develop products that apply that core technology
for use with bodily fluids and tissues. 

Our primary product candidates, known collectively as the AC5
Devices  (which we sometimes refer to as   AC5   ,   AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device   ,
  AC5 Surgical Hemostat   ,   AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device   , or   AC5
Topical Hemostat   ), are being designed to achieve hemostasis in surgical procedures. They rely on our self-assembling
peptide technology and are being designed to achieve hemostasis in skin wounds and in minimally invasive and open surgical procedures.
We intend to develop other product candidates based on our technology platform for use in a range of indications. 

AC5 is being designed as a product containing synthetic biocompatible
peptides comprising L amino acids, commonly referred to as naturally occurring amino acids. When applied to a wound, AC5 intercalates
into the interstices of the connective tissue where it self-assembles into a physical, mechanical nanoscale structure that provides
a barrier to leaking substances, such as blood. AC5 may be applied directly as a liquid, which we believe will make it user-friendly
and able to conform to irregular wound geometry. Additionally, AC5 does not possess sticky or glue-like handling characteristics,
which we believe will enhance its utility in several settings, including minimally invasive surgical procedures. Further, in certain
settings, AC5 lends itself to a concept that we call Crystal Clear Surgery  the transparency and physical properties of
AC5 may enable a surgeon to operate through it in order to maintain a clearer field of vision and prophylactically stop or lessen
bleeding as it starts. 

We believe that the results of early data from preclinical tests
have shown quick and effective hemostasis with the use of AC5 relative to that reported with other types of hemostatic agents,
and that time to hemostasis is comparable among test subjects regardless of whether such test subject had or had not been treated
with therapeutic doses of anticoagulant or antiplatelet medications, commonly called  blood thinners . Based on testing
results to date, we believe that AC5 is biocompatible. 

We have devoted much of our operational effort to date to the
research and development of our core technology, including selecting our initial product composition, conducting initial safety
and other related tests, conducting an initial human trial for safety and performance of AC5, developing methods for scale-up,
reproducibility, manufacturing and formulation, and developing and protecting the intellectual property rights underlying our technology
platform. Manufacturing method and formulation optimization are important parts of peptide development. Manufacturing and formulation
optimization for our product candidates has been and continues to be done with extensive collaboration among our team and partners.
The processes are focused on optimizing traditional product parameters to target specifications covering performance, biocompatibility,
physical appearance, stability, and handling characteristics, among others. We and our partners intend to monitor manufacturing
processes and formulation methods closely, as success or failure in both setting and realizing appropriate specifications may directly
impact our ability to conduct preclinical and clinical trials and our subsequent commercialization timelines. 

Our long-term business plan includes the following goals: 

conducting required biocompatibility studies and additional clinical trials on AC5 and related products;   

expanding and maintaining protection of our intellectual property portfolio;   

developing appropriate third party relationships to manufacture, distribute, market and otherwise commercialize AC5;   

obtaining regulatory approval or certification of AC5 and related products in the EU, the U.S., and other jurisdictions as
we may determine;   

continuing or developing academic, scientific and institutional relationships to collaborate on product research and development;
and   

developing additional product candidates in the hemostatic, sealant, and/or other fields.   

In furtherance of our long-term business goals, we expect to
continue to focus on the following activities during the next twelve months: 

seek additional funding as required to support the milestones described previously and our operations generally;   

work with our large scale manufacturing partners to scale up production of product compliant with current good manufacturing
practices (  cGMP  ), which activities will be ongoing as we seek to advance toward, enter into, and, if successful,
subsequently increase commercialization activities;   

further clinical development of our product platform;   

continue to expand and enhance our financial and operational reporting and controls;   

expand and enhance our intellectual property portfolio by filing new patent applications, obtaining allowances on currently
filed patent applications, and/or adding to our trade secrets in self-assembly, manufacturing, analytical methods and formulation,
which activities will be ongoing as we seek to expand our product candidate portfolio; and   

assess our self-assembling peptide platforms in order to identify and select product candidates for advancement into development.   

We believe that the Company has cash and cash equivalents on
hand to meet its anticipated cash requirements into the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2017. In addition to capital required for operating
expenses, depending upon additional input form EU and US regulatory authorities, as well as the potential for more than one regulatory
filing and approval in 2017, up to $5,000,000 may be required to complete an initial European CE Mark approval and an initial US
regulatory clearance or approval. These estimated capital requirements potentially could increase significantly if a number of
risks relating to conducting these activities were to occur, including without limitation those set forth under the heading   RISK
FACTORS   in this filing. 

Merger with ABS and Related Activities  

As noted earlier in this document, on June 26, 2013, the Company
completed the Merger with ABS, pursuant to which ABS became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In contemplation of the Merger,
effective May 24, 2013, the Company increased its authorized common stock, par value $0.001 per share (  Common Stock  ),
from 75,000,000 shares to 300,000,000 shares and effected a forward stock split, by way of a stock dividend, of its issued and
outstanding shares of Common Stock at a ratio of 11 shares to each one issued and outstanding share. Also in contemplation of the
Merger, effective June 5, 2013, the Company changed its name from Almah, Inc. to Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and changed the ticker
symbol under which its Common Stock trades on the OTC Bulletin Board from  AACH  to  ARTH . 

Recent Developments  

On December 16, 2015, we announced that we had received clearance
from a regulatory authority in Western Europe to initiate a human clinical trial to assess the safety and performance of AC5 in
humans. The initial patient was treated in the first quarter of 2016 and on June 6, 2016, we announced we had completed patient
enrollment in this study. On August 15, 2016, we announced that the AC5 Topical Hemostatic Device met its primary and secondary
endpoints in our first clinical trial. On October 31, 2016, the Company further announced that additional analysis of the subgroup
of 10 patients who were taking a prescribed antiplatelet medication, commonly known as a blood thinner, such as aspirin, indicated
that AC5 had similar effects for this patient population. 

The objectives of the study were to evaluate the safety and performance
of AC5 in patients scheduled to undergo excision of skin lesions on their trunk or upper limbs. The primary endpoint was safety
throughout the surgical procedure and until the end of a 30-day follow-up period post procedure. Safety of the clinical investigation
device was determined by monitoring for treatment related adverse events. The primary objective was met, as the safety outcomes
of both the AC5 treatment group and the control group were similar. No serious adverse events were reported. 

A secondary endpoint was performance as assessed by time to hemostasis.
The median time to hemostasis of wounds in the AC5 treatment group was 41% faster than for those in the control group. This result
was statistically significant (p   0.001, Wilcoxon signed rank test). 

An additional secondary endpoint of healing of treated wounds
was assessed as measured by the ASEPSIS wound score at Days 7 and 30. There was no evidence, at either follow-up day, of an
adverse effect of AC5 treatment on the wound ASEPSIS score. The ASEPSIS score did not appear to be compromised, as the
majority of patients had an ASEPSIS score of 0 in both wounds at Days 7 and 30. All AC5-treated wounds healed satisfactorily
as per wound healing scoring criteria. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, we also announced that
we had received an internationally recognized ISO quality certification, and obtained favorable results from a broad panel of preclinical
biocompatibility tests that were performed on AC5 in support of Arch s planned filing of a CE Mark application that indicate
that AC5 s peptide structure and mechanism of action, which is based on the formation of a local physical-mechanical barrier
at the wound site, does not promote toxicity to the overall biological system following exposure to AC5. In addition, on April
5, 2016, April 11, 2016, and May 16, 2016, the Company announced that notices of allowance from the U.S. Patent Office had been
received on two broad composition-of-matter patents and a broad method of use patent that are assigned to the Massachusetts Institute
of Technology (MIT) and Versitech Limited and which are exclusively licensed worldwide to Arch. The broad composition claims of
the composition-of-matter patents cover Arch s present and proposed products, which contain peptides and peptidomimetics,
respectively, that self-assemble into barrier structures on tissue and inhibit or prevent the passage of bodily fluids. The broad
method claims of the method of use patent cover techniques for preventing the loss or unwanted movement of body fluids. Further,
on May 10, 2016, the Company announced that a notice of allowance from the U.S. Patent Office had been received for a broad composition
of matter and method of use patent that covers solid forms of the Company s self-assembling technology. In addition, the
Company has initiated the FDA regulatory process. 

From October 1, 2015 through April 2016, $605,000 of principal on
the Company s outstanding convertible notes and $39,900 of associated accrued interest were converted into an aggregate of
3,224,494 shares of common stock. In addition, from October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016, Series C Warrants had been exercised
on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 3,400,000 shares of the Company s Common stock resulting in gross proceeds to
the Company of $680,000, Series A Warrants had been exercised on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 4,300,000 shares of
the Company s Common Stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $860,000, Series D Warrants had been exercised on
a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 3,439,091 shares of the Company s Common Stock resulting in gross proceeds to the
Company of $859,773 and Series E Warrants had been exercised on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 705,425 shares of the
Company s Common Stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $308,976.   In addition, 3,925,000 of Series A
Warrants had been exercised on a cashless basis for an aggregate of 2,333,559 shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

On May 3, 2016, pursuant to the approval of our Board, we issued
an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of our Common Stock pursuant to restricted stock awards granted outside of our 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan to (i) Dr. Avtar Dhillon, the Chairman of our Board (737,000 shares); (ii) James R. Sulat, a member of our Board (30,000 shares);
(iii) Dr. Terrence W. Norchi, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board (1,130,000 shares); and (iv) Richard
Davis, our Chief Financial Officer (103,000 shares). 

Beginning May 24, 2016 and through May 26, 2016, we entered into
2016 Subscription Agreements with 18 accredited investors providing for the issuance and sale by the Company to the investors in
the 2016 Private Placement Financing (the   2016 Investors  ), in a private placement, of an aggregate of 9,418,334
Units at a purchase price of $0.36 per Unit. Each Unit consisted of a share of Common Stock, and a Series E Warrant to purchase
0.75 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.4380 per share at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the issuance
date of the Series E Warrant. The issuance of the common stock resulted in gross proceeds to the company of $3,390,600. 

On September 28, 2016, the Company and MLSC entered into that
certain Amendment Agreement to Arch Therapeutics, Inc. Accelerator Funding Agreement (the   Amendment  ).
Under the terms of the Amendment, (i) interest on the MLSC Loan will decrease from 10% per annum to 7% per annum beginning
October 3, 2016; and (ii) the MLSC Loan will now become due and payable on the earlier of October 3, 2017 (the
  Maturity Date  ), the occurrence of a Corporate Event (which is defined as the occurrence of either a
Qualified Sale or Qualified Financing), or the occurrence of a Default (as defined in the Note). In addition, under the
terms of the Amendment, (a) beginning October 3, 2016, the Company will pay the principal and accrued interest under the MLSC
Loan by making 13 monthly payments of approximately $106,022, with the last payment scheduled to occur on the Maturity Date;
and (b) the term   Qualified Financing   is now defined to mean one or more financing transactions in which
we receive, in a single transaction or series of transactions, cumulative net proceeds of not less than five million dollars
($5,000,000) at any time after October 3, 2016. As a result of the Amendment, the Company expects to reduce interest expenses
that would otherwise be incurred under the MLSC Loan Agreement by approximately $232,000 due to the effect of the
amortization payments and the lower 7% per annum interest rate. 

On September 30, 2016, the Company filed registration statement
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) utilizing a  shelf  registration process.
On October 20, 2016, the SEC declared the registration statement effective. Under this registration statement, we may offer and
sell an indeterminate number of shares of our common stock, warrants, debt securities, subscription rights, and/or units. Under
this shelf process, the Company may sell up to $50,000,000 of these securities separately or as units, which may include combinations
of the securities. The Company may offer these securities in amounts, at prices and on terms determined at the time of offering.
The net proceeds from the sale of the securities will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include
acquisitions, retirement of debt and other business opportunities.. 

Results of Operations  

The following discussion of our results of operations should be
read together with the financial statements included in this Annual Report and the notes thereto. Our historical results of operations
and the period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations that follow are not necessarily indicative of future results. 

Year Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Year Ended September
30, 2015   

Revenue  

We did not generate any revenue in either of the years ended September
30, 2016 or 2015. 

General
and Administrative Expense   

General and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2016 were $4,367,476, an increase of $666,999 compared to $3,700,477 for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015.
The increase in general and administrative expense is primarily attributable to increased legal costs associated with intellectual
property, patent application and prosecution costs, and fundraising efforts. General and administrative expenses are generally
expected to increase as a result of additional staffing, increased stock based compensation as well as increased costs associated
with the company s continued fundraising efforts. 

Research and Development Expense  

Research and development expense during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016 was $1,683,299 ,  a decrease of $76,738   compared to $1,760,037 for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in research and development expense is primarily attributable to a reduction in stock-based
compensation, the timing of the preclinical studies, and reduced research and development staffing levels. These expenses were
partially offset by increased clinical trial related expenses and quality management system related expenses. Research and development
expenses are expected to increase as a result of our plans for additional product development, clinical and regulatory programs. 

Other Income/(Expense)  

Other income during the year ended September 30, 2016 was $58,405,
a decrease of $2,454,583 compared to total other expense of $2,512,988 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in other
income was the result of the change in derivative liabilities. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Working Capital  

At September 30, 2016, we had total current assets of $5,144,260
(including cash and cash equivalents of $5,036,476) and working capital of $3,265,480. Our working capital as of September 30,
2016 and September 30, 2015 is summarized as follows: 

Total current assets as of September 30, 2016 were $5,144,260, an
increase of $1,141,241 compared to $4,003,019 as of September 30, 2015. The increase in current assets is primarily attributable
to proceeds received from the 2016 Private Placement Financing and the exercise of Series A, Series C and Series D Warrants partially
offset by general and administrative expenses resulting from intellectual property costs and research and development expenses
incurred in connection with activities to develop our primary product candidate. Our total current assets as of September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015 were comprised primarily of cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses and other current assets. 

Total current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were $1,878,780,
an increase of $592,702 compared to $1,286,078 as of September 30, 2015. The increase is primarily due to $899,627 of the long-term
note and $304,770 of the long-term accrued interest being classified as current, partially offset by the conversion of $605,000
of convertible notes into equity and an adjustment to the fair value of the derivative liabilities associated with these Notes.
Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2016 were comprised of accounts payable, accrued expenses and the current portion
of the note payable and accrued interest. Our total current liabilities as of September 30, 2015 were comprised primarily of the
current portion of the derivative liability, the Notes, accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

Cash Flow  

Cash Used in Operating Activities  

Cash used in operating activities increased $507,641 during the
year ended September 30, 2016 to $4,747,027, compared to $4,239,386 during the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase was
primarily due to an increase in general and administrative expense primarily attributable to increased intellectual property costs
and research and development expenses incurred in connection with activities to develop our primary product candidate. 

Cash Used in Investing Activities  

There was no cash used in investing activities during the years
ended September 30, 2016 or 2015, respectively. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities  

Cash provided by financing activities decreased $1,542,563 to $5,823,403
during the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to $7,365,966 during the year ended September 30, 2015. For the year ended September
30, 2016, the cash provided by financing resulted from net proceeds received of $3,114,654 from 2016 Private Placement Financing
to purchase 9,418,334 shares of our common stock and Series E Warrants to purchase 7,063,748 shares of Common Stock, from the $860,000
in proceeds received from the exercise of Series A Warrants to purchase 4,300,000 shares of our Common Stock, proceeds received
of $680,000 from the exercise of the Series C Warrants to purchase 3,400,000 shares of our Common Stock, proceeds received of $859,773
from the exercise of the Series D Warrants to purchase 3,439,091 shares of our Common Stock, and proceeds received of $308,976
from the exercise of the Series E Warrants to purchase 705,425 shares of our Common Stock. For the year ended September 30, 2015,
the cash provided by financing resulted from to the financings conducted by the Company during this fiscal year, in combination
with the conversion of a portion of the 2014 Warrants, as previously described in this document. 

Cash Requirements  

We anticipate that our operating and other expenses will increase
significantly as we continue to implement our business plan and pursue our operational goals. As of December 2, 2016, we believe
that our current cash and cash equivalents on hand will meet our anticipated cash requirements into the fourth quarter of Fiscal
2017. We will require additional financing to fund our planned future operations, including the continuation of our ongoing research
and development efforts, seeking to license or acquire new assets, and researching and developing any potential patents, the related
compounds and any further intellectual property that we may acquire. In addition, our estimates of the amount of cash necessary
to operate our business may prove to be wrong and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently
expect. Further, our estimates regarding our use of cash could change if we encounter unanticipated difficulties or other issues
arise, in which case our current funds may not be sufficient to operate our business for the period we expect. 

We do not presently have, nor do we expect in the near future to
have, revenue to fund our business from our operations, and will need to obtain all of our necessary funding from external sources
for the foreseeable future. We do not have any commitments for future capital. Significant additional financing will be required
to fund our planned operations in the near term and in future periods, including research and development activities relating to
our principal product candidate, seeking regulatory approval of that or any other product candidate we may choose to develop, commercializing
any product candidate for which we are able to obtain regulatory approval or certification, seeking to license or acquire new assets
or businesses, and maintaining our intellectual property rights and pursuing rights to new technologies. We may not be able to
obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable or acceptable terms when needed, or at all. We are bound by certain contractual
terms and obligations that may limit or otherwise impact our ability to raise additional funding in the near-term including, but
not limited to, provisions in the MLSC Loan Agreement (i) restricting our ability to incur certain types of additional indebtedness,
and (ii) that would cause all amounts under the MLSC Loan Agreement to become immediately due and payable if we receive cumulative
net proceeds of $5,000,000 or more in one or more financing transactions at any time after October 3, 2016. These restrictions
and provisions could make it more challenging for us to raise capital through the incurrence of debt or through equity issuances.
If we cannot raise the money that we need in order to continue to develop our business, we will be forced to delay, scale back
or eliminate some or all of our proposed operations. If any of these were to occur, there is a substantial risk that our business
would fail and our stockholders could lose all of their investments. 

As previously noted, since inception we have funded our operations
primarily through equity and debt financings and we expect to continue to seek to do so in the future. If we obtain additional
financing by issuing equity securities, our existing stockholders  ownership will be diluted. Additionally, the terms of
securities we may issue in future capital-raising transactions may be more favorable for our new investors, and in particular may
include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have additional
dilutive effects. If we obtain additional financing by incurring debt, we may become subject to significant limitations and restrictions
on our operations pursuant to the terms of any loan or credit agreement governing the debt, which would be in addition to those
currently imposed by the MLSC Loan Agreement. Further, obtaining any loan, assuming a loan would be available when needed on acceptable
terms, would increase our liabilities and future cash commitments. We may also seek funding from collaboration or licensing arrangements
in the future, which may require that we relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates or proprietary technologies
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Moreover, regardless of the manner in which we seek to raise capital,
we may incur substantial costs in those pursuits, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and
distribution expenses and other related costs. In addition, as described in greater detail under the Risk Factor entitled    The
terms of the 2016 Private Placement Financing could impose additional challenges on our ability to raise funding in the future  , 
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the 2016 Subscription Agreements impose certain restrictions on our ability to issue
equity or debt securities. 

Going Concern  

From inception, we have not earned operating revenues from sales
of products or services, and have recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our business as a going concern is dependent
upon raising additional capital and eventually attaining and maintaining profitable operations. As of September 30, 2016, there
is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements included in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should operations discontinue. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates  

Pursuant to certain disclosure guidance issued by the SEC, the SEC
defines  critical accounting policies  as those that require the application of management s most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies that we anticipate will require the application
of our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments are as follows: 

Basis of Presentation  

The consolidated financial statements presented with this Form 10-K
include the accounts of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Arch Biosurgery, Inc. a life science medical device
company. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company is in the development stage and is devoting substantially
all of its efforts to developing technologies, raising capital, establishing customer and vendor relationships, and recruiting
new employees. 

Use of Estimates  

Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when circumstances
indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment. For assets
that are to be held and used, impairment is recognized when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or
group of assets is less than their carrying value. If impairment exists, an adjustment is made to write the asset down to its fair
value, and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying value and fair value. Fair values are determined based on
quoted market values, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable. Assets to be disposed of are carried
at the lower of carrying value or estimated net realizable value. 

Convertible Debt  

We record a discount to convertible notes for the intrinsic value
of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying preferred
stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts under
these arrangements are amortized to noncash interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the related
debt to their date of maturity. If a security or instrument becomes convertible only upon the occurrence of a future event outside
of our control, or, is convertible from inception, but contains conversion terms that change upon the occurrence of a future event,
then any contingent beneficial conversion feature is measured and recognized when the triggering event occurs and contingency has
been resolved. 

Research and Development  

We expense internal and external research and development costs,
including costs of funded research and development arrangements, in the period incurred 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company accounts for employee stock-based compensation in accordance
with the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ), which requires all
share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the financial statements based
on their fair values. We account for non-employee stock-based compensation in accordance with the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 505,
Equity ( FASB ASC Topic 505 ), which requires that companies recognize compensation expense based on the estimated
fair value of options granted to non-employees over their vesting period, which is generally the period during which services are
rendered by such non-employees. FASB ASC Topic 505 requires us to re-measure the fair value of stock options issued to non- employee
at each reporting period during the vesting period or until services are complete. 

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, we have elected to use
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted and we recognize the compensation cost of
share-based awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. 

The determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards
utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by the fair value of the common stock and a number of other assumptions, including
expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. We do not have sufficient history of market
prices of the Common Stock, and as such volatility is estimated in accordance with ASC 718-10-S99 Compensation-Stock Compensation
( ASC 718-10-S99 ), using historical volatilities of similar public entities. The life term for awards uses the simplified
method for all  plain vanilla  options, as defined in ASC 718-10-S99 and the contractual term for all other employee
and non-employee awards. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates appropriate for the terms of
our awards. The dividend yield assumption is based on history and the expectation of paying no dividends. Forfeitures are estimated
at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. Stock-based
compensation expense, when recognized in the financial statements, is based on awards that are ultimately expected to vest. 

Fair Value Measurements  

We measure both financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities
in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, except those that are recognized or disclosed in
the financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis. The standard created a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the
inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices
(unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included
within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and Level 3 inputs are unobservable
inputs that reflect our own views about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents.
Because of their short maturity, the carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents are considered to approximate fair value. 

Income Taxes  

In accordance with FASB ASC 740, Income Taxes, we recognize
deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences or events that have been included in our financial
statements and/or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are based upon the differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards using enacted tax rates
expected to be in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

We provide reserves for potential payments of tax to various
tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions when management determines that it is probable that a loss will be incurred
related to these matters and the amount of the loss is reasonably determinable. We have no reserves related to uncertain tax positions
as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Derivative Liabilities  

The Company accounts for its warrants and other derivative financial
instruments as either equity or liabilities based upon the characteristics and provisions of each instrument, in accordance with
ASC 815,  Derivatives and Hedging . Warrants classified as equity are recorded at fair value as of the date of issuance on
the Company s consolidated balance sheets and no further adjustments to their valuation are made. Warrants classified as
derivative liabilities and other derivative financial instruments that require separate accounting as liabilities are recorded
on the Company s consolidated balance sheets at their fair value on the date of issuance and will be revalued on each subsequent
balance sheet date until such instruments are exercised or expire, with any changes in the fair value between reporting periods
recorded as other income or expense. Management estimates the fair value of these liabilities using option pricing models and assumptions
that are based on the individual characteristics of the warrants or instruments on the valuation date, as well as assumptions for
future financings, expected volatility, expected life, yield, and risk-free interest rate. 

Recent Accounting Guidance  

Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-15,  Statement
of Cash Flows (Topic 230) Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Payments  was issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) in August 2016. The purpose of this amendment is to address eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of
reducing the existing diversity in practice. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
does not believe that this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or
disclosures. 

ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic
718) Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  was issued by the FASB in March 2016. The purpose of this amendment
is to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification
of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The amendments in this Update are
effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December
15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not believe that this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated
results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842)  was issued by
the FASB in February 2016. The purpose of this amendment requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees
for those leases previously classified as operating leases. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities
for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company does not believe that this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial
position or disclosures. 

ASU
2015-17,  Income Taxes (Topic 740)   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  was issued by the FASB in
November 2015. The purpose of this amendment requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent in a classified
statement of financial position. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and
for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted.  The
Company adopted ASU 2015-17 during our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, which had no impact on our financial statements, and
will apply the new guidance in future periods.   

ASU
2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs 
was issued by the FASB in April 2015. The purpose of this amendment requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt
liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with
debt discounts. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and for interim periods
within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company
adopted ASU 2015-03 during our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, which had no impact on our financial statements, and will apply
the new guidance in future periods.   

ASU
2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810)   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , was issued by the FASB in February
2015. The purpose of this amendment is to change the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
consolidate certain types of legal entities. The amendments in this Update are effective for public business entities for fiscal
years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted.  The
Company adopted ASU 2015-02 during our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, which had no impact on our financial statements, and
will apply the new guidance in future periods.   

ASU
2014-16,  Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)  was issued by the FASB in November 2014. The primary purpose of the
ASU is to determine whether the host contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt
or equity. ASU 2014-16 is effective for public entities for the fiscal years and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopted ASU 2014-16 during our fourth
quarter of fiscal year 2016, which had no impact on our financial statements, and will apply the new guidance in future periods.   

ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40)   Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to  Continue as a Going Concern 
was issued by the FASB in August 2014. The primary purpose of the ASU is to provide guidance in GAAP about management s responsibility
to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. The amendments should reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective
for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for the annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this guidance, but does not believe that it will have a material
impact on its consolidated results of operations, financial position or disclosures. 

ASU
2014-12,  Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718)   Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of
an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period  was issued by the FASB
in June 2014. ASU 2014-12 requires that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable
that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for
which the requisite service has already been rendered. ASU 2014-12 is effective for public business entities for annual
periods and interim periods within the annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Early adoption is permitted. The
Company does not believe that this guidance  will have a material impact on its consolidated results of operations,
financial position or disclosures. 

ASU 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606)  was issued by the FASB in May 2014. The primary purpose of the ASU is to develop a common revenue standard for revenue
recognition between the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The ASU removes inconsistencies and weaknesses
in revenue requirements, provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, and improves comparability of revenue
recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets, among other items. We are a development stage
company and do not currently generate revenue. ASU 2014-09 is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning
after December 15, 2017. While we are a development stage company and do not currently generate revenue, we currently anticipate
generating revenue by the effective date of this ASU and therefore will be subject to this guidance.  The
Company adopted ASU 2014-09 during our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, which had no impact on our financial statements, and
will apply the new guidance in future periods.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations,
liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA  

The financial statements required by this item are set forth
at the end of this Annual Report beginning on page F-1 and are incorporated herein by reference. We are not required to provide
the supplementary data required by this item, as we are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (who is our Principal Executive Officer) and our Chief Financial Officer
(who is our Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of the design of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e)) as of September 30, 2016, pursuant to Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(b). Based upon that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016 in ensuring that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. This conclusion is based on the changes in internal controls over financial
reporting implemented during the twelve month period ended September 30, 2016, which are discussed below under the heading  Remediation
Efforts . 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting  

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework in  Internal Control   Integrated Framework  issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
(COSO). Based on such evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective
as of September 30, 2016. Such conclusion is based on the changes in internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during
the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2016, and described below under the heading  Remediation Efforts . 

Remediation Efforts  

We have added certain members to our management team and staff
who we believe have sufficient experience to review and design adequate internal control over financial reporting and the experience
and formal training to properly analyze and record complex transactions in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As such, we concluded that
we have remediated the associated material weakness previously reported 

During the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company implemented the following to improve controls over segregation of duties and purchases: 

In October 2015, the controller position
was converted into a full time position to improve the review and control over expenditures and disbursements;    

Implemented procedures that require expenditures
and payments to be approved by the appropriate levels of management;    

Reviewed banking responsibilities to ensure
appropriate access and restrict payment approval.    

The current Board of Directors is comprised
of three members; two independent members and the CEO. Since, the Company trades on the OTCQB, it is not required nor does it maintain
a separate Audit Committee. However, as part of its responsibilities, the Board, in its entirety, provides oversight of the Company s
accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures and the audit of the Company s financial statements. Therefore,
the Board in its entirety fulfills the requirements of the Audit Committee. For the full year of 2016, their responsibilities included: 

Overseeing the financial reporting and
disclosure process;    

Monitoring and approving the Company s
accounting policies and procedures;    

Overseeing the selection, performance
and independence of the external auditors; and    

Overseeing regulatory compliance and ethics.    

During the year ended September 30, 2016,
the Company performed an entity-level risk assessment to identify and evaluate risk, including fraud-related risks and risks related
to unusual transactions. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016,
Company implemented the following to improve our budgeting process and milestone achievements: 

Prepared and presented quarterly high
level operating budgets, cash forecast and operation milestones to the Board to provide them with sufficient information to determine
cash requirements and timing of financings    

Our management team will continue to monitor and evaluate the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and
is committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements as resources permit. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  

Other than the ongoing remediation efforts identified above,
there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended September 30, 2016
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

PART III  

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  

Set forth below is certain information regarding our current
directors and executive officers: 

Business Experience  

The following is a brief account of the education and business
experience of our current directors and executive officers during at least the past five years, indicating their principal occupation
during the period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which they were employed: 

Dr. Avtar Dhillon.  Dr. Dhillon has served as the Chairman
of our Board of Directors since April 2013 and has been on the Board of Directors of ABS since May 2011. Previously, Dr. Dhillon
was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Inovio Biomedical Corporation) (NYSE Euronext:
INO) from October 2001 to June 2009, as President and Chairman of Inovio from June 2009 until October 2009, as Executive Chairman
until August 2011, and as Chairman from September 2011. During his tenure at Inovio, Dr. Dhillon led the successful turnaround
of the company through a restructuring, acquisition of technology from several European and North American companies, and a merger
with VGX Pharmaceuticals to develop a vertically integrated DNA vaccine development company with one of the strongest development
pipelines in the industry. Dr. Dhillon led multiple successful financings for Inovio and concluded several licensing deals that
included global giants, Merck and Wyeth (now Pfizer). Prior to joining Inovio, Dr. Dhillon was vice president of MDS Capital Corp.
(now Lumira Capital Corp.), one of North America s leading healthcare venture capital organizations. In July 1989, Dr. Dhillon
started a medical clinic and subsequently practiced family medicine for over 12 years. Dr. Dhillon has been instrumental in successfully
turning around struggling companies and influential as an active member in the biotech community. From March 1997 to July 1998,
Dr. Dhillon was a consultant to Cardiome Pharma Corp. (NASDAQ: CRME), where he lead a turnaround based on three pivotal financings,
establishing a clinical development strategy, and procuring a new management team. In his role as a founder and board member of
companies, Dr. Dhillon has been involved in several early stage healthcare focused companies listed on U.S. or Canadian stock exchanges,
which have successfully matured through advances in their development pipeline and subsequent M A transactions. Most recently,
he was a founding board member (May 2003) of Protox Therapeutics, Inc. (TSX-V: SHS) (now Sophiris Bio Inc.), a publicly traded
specialty pharmaceutical company. Dr. Dhillon maintained his board position until the execution of a financing of up to $35 million
with Warburg Pincus in November 2010. Dr. Dhillon currently sits on the Board of Directors of BC Advantage Funds, a Venture Capital
Corporation in British Columbia, and since March 2012 has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stevia First Corp. (OTCQB:
STVF), an agricultural biotechnology company engaged in the cultivation and harvest of stevia leaf and the development of stevia
products. Since March 2011, Dr. Dhillon has also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of OncoSec Medical, Inc. (OTCQB:
ONCS), a company developing its advanced-stage ImmunoPulse DNA-based immunotherapy to treat solid tumor and metastatic cancers.
Dr. Dhillon adds value to our Board of Directors with his extensive experience as a member of boards of directors and senior management
of other public companies and with his experience in company building, financing, and licensing with large industry partners. 

James R. Sulat . Mr. Sulat served as Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of Maxygen Inc., a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing improved versions of protein drugs,
from October 2009 to June 2013. Prior to this, he was Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Board
of Directors at Memory Pharmaceuticals Corp., which developed innovative drug candidates for the treatment of debilitating central
nervous system disorders, from 2005 to 2008. He previously served in senior executive roles for R.R. Donnelley   Sons, Co.,
Chiron Corporation, Stanford Health Services, Inc., and Esprit de Corp, Inc. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the analysis, characterization and design of complex pharmaceutical
products. He also currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Valneva SE and AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Sulat
received a BS in Administrative Sciences from Yale University and an MBA and MS in Health Services Administration from Stanford
University. Mr. Sulat brings to our Board of Directors extensive experience with public and financial accounting matters, experience
as a chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and experience serving on other boards of directors in the biopharmaceutical
industry. 

Dr. Terrence W. Norchi.  Terrence W. Norchi, MD, our
co-founder, serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and he is a director on our Board of Directors. Dr. Norchi also
served as our Interim Chief Financial Officer through June 26, 2013. Dr. Norchi has served in similar positions since co-founding
ABS, our predecessor company in 2006. Prior to ABS, Dr. Norchi was a portfolio manager of one of the world s largest healthcare
mutual funds and a pharmaceutical analyst at Putnam Investments from April 2002 to September 2004. Prior to that, he served as
the senior global biotech and international pharmaceutical equity analyst at Citigroup Asset Management, and as a sell-side analyst
covering non-U.S. pharmaceutical equities at Sanford C. Bernstein in New York City. Dr. Norchi earned an M.B.A. from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management in 1996. Dr. Norchi earned an M.D. degree in 1990 from Northeast Ohio Medical
University and completed his internal medicine residency in 1994 at Baystate Medical Center, Tufts University School of Medicine,
where he was selected to serve as the Chief Medical Resident. Dr. Norchi brings to our Board of Directors and management team
invaluable experience and knowledge of our core technology and proposed product candidates as a result of his first-hand experience
with the development of that technology, having ushered it from the research laboratory to its current stage of development. His
investing experience as a former public company analyst and a portfolio manager provides further insights and value as the company
advances toward commercialization. Dr. Norchi serves on the Board of Overseers of the Boston Museum of Science. 

Richard E. Davis.   Mr. Davis
brings a proven and successful record of more than 25 years of progressive and diversified business, financial and operational
leadership within both publicly traded and privately held, domestic and multinational companies. From July 2001 through July 2014,
he has been an advisor to small and mid-size companies assisting them in their strategizing, accounting, financial reporting,
and investor and banking needs. From February 2001 until June 2011, he was President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial
Officer at NMT Medical, Inc., a NASDAQ-traded medical device company. Mr. Davis also served on its Board of Directors. In this
role he developed and executed strategic and operational plans that resulted in revenue growth of 35 percent, 13 consecutive quarters
of profitability, increased stock price and analyst coverage from five major investment firms; directed the stabilization of a
French subsidiary and led successful efforts in raising $6 million from institutional investors to fund ongoing FDA-approved clinical
trials. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Q-Peak, Inc., where he oversaw all financial and administrative
functions. Earlier, he worked in a variety of senior level positions at the Coleman Company, The TJX Companies, Inc. and Wang
Laboratories. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree with a Finance concentration from Babson College and a Bachelor
of Business Administration degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.  

Term of Office of Directors  

Our directors are elected at each annual meeting of stockholders
and serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until
the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 

Family Relationships  

No family relationships exist between any of our current or
former directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  

No director, executive officer or control person of the Company
has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Audit Committee  

Our Board of Directors has not established a separate standing
audit committee within the meaning of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act. Instead, the entire Board of Directors presently
acts as the audit committee within the meaning of that section and will continue to do so upon the appointment of any new directors
until such time as a separate standing audit committee has been established. Our Board of Directors has determined that each member
is an  audit committee financial expert  as defined by applicable SEC rules. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive
officers, and stockholders beneficially owning more than 10% of our outstanding common stock to file with the SEC initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock. Executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than 10% of our common stock are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they
file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such reports furnished to us, we believe that during the fiscal year ended September
30, 2016, all executive officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners of our common stock complied with the reporting
requirements of Section 16(a). 

Code of Ethics  

We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics
that applies to our directors, principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and all of
our other officers and employees and can be found on our website,  http://www.archtherapeutics.com , on our  Corporate
Governance  webpage, which can be accessed from the  Investors  tab of our website. We will also provide a copy
of our code of business conduct and ethics to any person without charge upon his or her request. Any such request should be directed
to our Chief Financial Officer at 235 Walnut Street, Suite 6, Framingham, Massachusetts 01702. We intend to make all required disclosures
concerning any amendments to or waivers from our code of business conduct and ethics on our website. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  

The following table summarizes all compensation recorded by
us in each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 for (i) our principal executive officer; (ii) our
two next most highly compensated executive officers whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 during our last completed fiscal
year; and (iii) certain of our other executive officers, whose compensation is voluntarily provided. 

Summary Compensation Table  

(1)  
      Represents the aggregate grant date fair values of restricted stock awards granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.    

(2)  
      Represents the aggregate grant date fair values of awards granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 under ASC Topic 718, which is calculated as of the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Accordingly, the dollar amounts listed do not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of compensation that may be realized by our executive officers. For information on the valuation assumptions with respect to option grants made during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, refer to Note 9  Stock-Based Compensation  in our consolidated financial statements included in this filing.    

Employment Agreements with Named Executive Officers  

Terrence W. Norchi  

On June 25, 2013, we entered into an executive employment agreement
with Dr. Terrence W. Norchi, our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, which became effective
as of June 26, 2013. Dr. Norchi s employment agreement continues until terminated by Dr. Norchi, or us and provided for an
initial annual base salary of $275,000 and eligibility to receive an annual cash bonus in an amount up to 30% of Dr. Norchi s
then-current annual base salary. Annual bonuses are awarded at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. If Dr. Norchi s
employment is terminated by us (unless such termination is  For Cause  (as defined in his employment agreement)), or
by Dr. Norchi for  Good Reason  (as defined in his employment agreement), then Dr. Norchi, upon signing a release in
favor of the Company, will be entitled to severance in an amount equal to 12 months of Dr. Norchi s then-current annual base
salary, payable in the form of salary continuation, plus, if Dr. Norchi elects and subject to certain other conditions, payment
of Dr. Norchi s premiums to continue his group health coverage under COBRA until the earlier of (i) 12 months following the
date of such termination; or (ii) the date Dr. Norchi becomes covered under another employer s health plan. In addition,
Dr. Norchi s employment agreement provides that, in the event of a change of control of the Company, termination by Dr. Norchi
for Good Reason, termination by the Company for any reason other than For Cause, or termination as a result of Dr. Norchi s
death, all unvested shares under outstanding equity grants to Dr. Norchi, if any, shall automatically accelerate and become fully
vested. On March 13, 2014, Mr. Norchi s employment agreement was amended to increase his annual base salary by $50,000 to
$325,000, retroactively effective as of February 1, 2014, and increase his cash bonus eligibility from 30% of his annual base salary
to 35% of his annual base salary. 

Dr. Norchi s employment agreement provides the following
definitions of  For Cause  and  Good Reason : (a)  For Cause  is (i) the commission by the
executive of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical harm to any person, (ii) executive s engagement by
the executive in conduct that is in bad faith and materially injurious to the Company, (iii) commission by the executive of a material
breach of the employment agreement which is not cured within 20 days after the executive receives written notice of such breach,
(iv) willful refusal by the executive to implement or follow a lawful policy or directive of the Company, which breach is not cured
by the executive within 20 days after receiving written notice from the Company, (v) or executive s engagement in misfeasance
or malfeasance demonstrated by a pattern of failure to perform job duties diligently and professionally (other than any such failure
resulting from Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness); and (b)  Good Reason  is, without the
executive s written consent, (1) a material reduction in executive s annual base salary, except for reductions that
are comparable to reductions generally applicable to similarly-situated executives of the Company, (2) the relocation of executive
to a facility or location that is more than 50 miles from his primary place of employment and such relocation results in an increase
in executive s one-way driving distance by more than 50 miles, or (3) a material and adverse change in executive s
authority, duties, or responsibilities with the Company or a material and adverse change in executive s reporting relationship
within the Company. 

In connection with our entry into the executive employment agreement
with Dr. Norchi, effective on June 26, 2013, Dr. Norchi s former employment agreement with ABS was terminated pursuant to
a termination agreement and release between Dr. Norchi and ABS. 

Richard E. Davis  

On July 7, 2014, we entered into an executive employment agreement
with Mr. Davis, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The agreement continues until terminated by us or by Mr. Davis. Pursuant
to the terms of the agreement, Mr. Davis is entitled to an initial annual base salary of $200,000 and is eligible to receive an
annual cash bonus in an amount of up to 25% of Mr. Davis  then-current annual base salary. Annual bonuses are awarded at
the sole discretion of our Board of Directors. If Mr. Davis  employment is terminated by us at any time after August 7, 2014
(unless such termination is  For Cause  (as defined in his employment agreement)), or by Mr. Davis for  Good
Reason  (as defined in his employment agreement), then Mr. Davis, upon signing a release in favor of the Company, would be
entitled to severance in an amount equal to six months of Mr. Davis  then-current annual base salary, payable in the form
of salary continuation, plus, if Mr. Davis elects and subject to certain other conditions, payment of Mr. Davis  premiums
to continue his group health coverage under COBRA until the earlier of (i) 12 months following the date of such termination; or
(ii) the date Mr. Davis becomes covered under another employer s health plan. In addition, Mr. Davis  employment agreement
provides that, in the event of a change of control of the Company or his employment is terminated by the Company for any reason
other than For Cause, all unvested shares under outstanding equity grants to Mr. Davis, if any, shall automatically accelerate
and become fully vested. On July 27, 2015, Mr. Davis s employment agreement was amended to increase his annual base salary
by $50,000 to $250,000, retroactively effective as of July 1, 2015. 

The
agreement provides the following definitions of  For Cause  and  Good Reason : (a)  For Cause 
is (i) the commission by the executive of a crime involving dishonesty, breach of trust, or physical harm to any person, (ii) executive s
engagement by the executive in conduct that is in bad faith and materially injurious to the Company, (iii) commission by the executive
of a material breach of the employment agreement which is not cured within 20 days after the executive receives written notice
of such breach, (iv) willful refusal by the executive to implement or follow a lawful policy or directive of the Company, which
breach is not cured by the executive within 20 days after receiving written notice   from
the Company, (v) or executive s engagement in misfeasance or malfeasance demonstrated by a pattern of failure to perform
job duties diligently and professionally; and (b)  Good Reason  is, without the executive s written consent,
(1) a reduction in the executive s annual base salary comparable to reductions generally applicable to similarly-situated
executives of the Company if such reduction occurs during the first 365 days of employment and is greater than 15%, (2) a relocation
of the executive to a facility or location that is more than 50 miles from his primary place of employment and results in an increase
in one-way driving distance by more than 50 miles (provided that any such relocation shall not constitute Good Reason if the executive
is permitted to perform his duties remotely from or near his home for two weeks per month), or (3) a material and adverse change
in the executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities with the Company or reporting relationship within the Company.

Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End  

The following table summarizes the aggregate number of option
and stock awards held by our named executive officers at September 30, 2016: 

(1)  
      Represents an option to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of March 23, 2014. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant, 25% of the shares shall vest 12 months following the date of grant and 1/24th of the remaining shares shall vest on each of the monthly anniversaries of the grant date, commencing April 23, 2015.   

(2)  
      Represents an option to purchase 400,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of January 22, 2015. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant, 25% of the shares shall vest 12 months following the date of grant and 1/24th of the remaining shares shall vest on each of the monthly anniversaries of the grant date, commencing February 22, 2016.   

(3)  
      Represents an option to purchase 355,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of August 18, 2015. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant, and 1/36  th  of the remaining shares shall vest on each of the monthly anniversaries of the grant date, commencing September 18, 2015.   

(4)  
      Represents an option to purchase 1,250,000 shares of Common Stock granted on May 3, 2016. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vesting immediately, the remaining unvested Shares subject to the Option shall vest on each of the next thirty-six (36) monthly anniversaries of the date of grant.   

(6)  
      Represents an option to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of July 7, 2014. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant and the remaining shares to vest in 24 equal installments commencing on the first anniversary on the date of grant.   

(7)  
      Represents an option to purchase 500,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of January 22, 2015. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant, 25% of the shares shall vest 12 months following the date of grant and 1/24th of the remaining shares shall vest on each of the monthly anniversaries of the grant date, commencing February 22, 2015.   

(8)  
      Represents an option to purchase 175,000 shares of Common Stock with a grant date of August 18, 2015. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vested immediately on the date of grant, and 1/36  th  of the remaining shares shall vest on each of the monthly anniversaries of the grant date, commencing September 18, 2015.   

(9)  
      Represents an option to purchase 150,000 shares of Common Stock granted on May 3, 2016. The vesting period of the shares underlying the option commenced on the date of grant, with 25% of the shares vesting immediately, the remaining unvested Shares subject to the Option shall vest on each of the next thirty-six (36) monthly anniversaries of the date of grant.   

Compensation of Directors  

On March 23, 2014, our Board of Directors adopted a director
compensation policy for non-employee directors. That policy provides that effective the first calendar quarter of 2014, the person
serving as the Chairman of our Board of Directors receives an aggregate annual cash fee of $190,000 for that chairperson role,
and all other non-employee directors receive an annual cash fee of $50,000. Prior to the adoption of the revised director compensation
policy, the person serving as the Chairman of our Board of Directors received an aggregate annual cash fee of $110,000 for that
chairperson role, and all other non-employee directors received an annual cash fee of $35,000. 

The following table summarizes all compensation paid to our
non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016: 

Director Compensation Table  

(1)  
      The values listed represent the aggregate grant date fair values of restricted stock awards granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016.   

(2)  
      Represents the aggregate grant date fair values of awards granted during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 under ASC Topic 718, which is calculated as of the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Accordingly, the dollar amounts listed do not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of compensation that may be realized by our non-employee directors. For information on the valuation assumptions with respect to option grants made during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016, refer to Note 9  Stock-Based Compensation  in our consolidated financial statements included in this filing.   

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans  

On June 18, 2013, our Board of Directors and the holders of
a majority of our standing common stock approved and adopted the Arch Therapeutics, Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Plan ).
The Plan permits us to grant a variety of forms of awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, and dividend equivalent rights, to allow us to adapt our incentive compensation program to meet our needs.
As of September 30, 2016, the Plan has reserved 16,114,256 shares of our common stock for issuance thereunder in awards granted
to employees, directors and/or consultants. The Plan provides that on the first business day of each fiscal year commencing with
fiscal year 2013, the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan for all awards except for incentive
stock option awards will be subject to increase by an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 3,000,000 shares, (ii) 4% of the number
of shares outstanding on the last day of our immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such lesser number of shares as determined
by the administrator of the Plan, which is currently our Board of Directors. As a result of that provision, as of October 1, 2016,
the number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan increased by 3,000,000 to 19,114,256. The following table provides information
as of September 30, 2016 with respect to our equity compensation plans: 

Equity Compensation Plan Information  

Plan category    
     Number of securities 
 to  be issued upon 
 exercise  of outstanding 
 options,  warrants and rights  (a)       
     Weighted-average  exercise price of  outstanding options,  warrants and rights  (b)       
     Number of securities  remaining available for  future issuance under  equity compensation  plans (excluding  securities reflected in  column (a))  (c)     
 
     Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    
        12,379,210       
     $  0.33       
        2,447,527     
 
     Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders    

Total    
        12,379,210       
     $  0.33       
        2,447,527     

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

The following table sets forth certain information regarding
the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock by (i) each person who, to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5% of our Common
Stock; (ii) each of our directors and named executive officers; and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group.
Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, the address of each person named in the table is: c/o Arch
Therapeutics, Inc., 235 Walnut St., Suite #6, Framingham, Massachusetts 01702. The information set forth in the table below is
based on 137,882,075 shares of our Common Stock outstanding on December 2, 2016. Shares of our Common Stock subject to options,
warrants, or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 2, 2016 are deemed to be beneficially
owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding such options, warrants or other rights,
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. The following table is presented after taking
into account (a) the 4.9% ownership limitation (which may waived at the holder s discretion, provided that such waiver will
not become effective until the 61 st  day after delivery of such waiver notice) to which Intracoastal and Tungsten III,
LLC (  Tungsten  ), an entity controlled by Michael Parker, is subject to under the terms of the Series D Warrants
issued to Mr. Parker in the 2015 Private Placement Financing and subsequently transferred to Tungsten; and (b) the 4.99% ownership
limitation (which may be increased to 9.99% at the holder s discretion,  provided that  such increase will not become
effective until the 61 st  day after delivery of the notice in which the holder informs us of this increase) to which
2016 Investors and their assignees are subject under the terms of the Series E Warrants issued in the 2016 Private Placement Financing.
As a result of the foregoing ownership limitations, the table below does not include any of the investors from the Private Placement
Financings other than Mr. Parker. 

Shares of our Common Stock subject to options, warrants, or
other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 2, 2016, are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding
for computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding such options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed
outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. 

(1)  
      Except as otherwise indicated, we believe that each of the beneficial owners of the Common Stock listed previously, based on information furnished by such owners, has sole investment and voting power with respect to the shares listed as beneficially owned by such owner, subject to community property laws where applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.   

(2)  
      Dr. Norchi is the sole member of Twelve Pins Partners, LLC and has sole voting and investment control with respect to the shares it holds. Dr. Norchi disclaims beneficial ownership of these securities except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.   

(3)  
      Represents (i) 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock originally issued to Mr. Parker, an investor in the 2015 Private Placement Financing, and assigned in March 2016 to Tungsten, an entity controlled by Mr. Parker; (ii) 2,222,223 shares of Common Stock issued to an IRA held by Ms. Parker, Mr. Parker s spouse with whom he resides, in connection with the 2016 Private Placement Financing and subsequently sold by the IRA to Ms. Parker in her personal capacity; (iii) 2,164,837 shares of Common Stock acquired by Mr. Parker in transactions unrelated to our private placement financings; and (iv) 524,607 shares of Common Stock acquired by Ms. Parker in transactions unrelated to our private placement financings. Excludes (a) 4,500,0000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series D Warrant originally issued to Mr. Parker upon the Closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing and subsequently assigned to Tungsten as a result of the ownership limitation that Tungsten is subject to under the terms of Tungsten s Series D Warrant; and (b) 1,666,667 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Series E Warrants issued to Ms. Parker s IRA in connection with the 2016 Private Placement Financing as a result of the ownership limitation that Ms. Parker s IRA is subject to under the terms of its Series E Warrant.   

(4)  
      Represents (a) 7,897,373 shares of our Common Stock; and (b) 1,300,833 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days after December 2, 2016   

(5)  
      Represents (a) 10,000,000 shares of our Common Stock held by Twelve Pins Partners, LLC, with respect to which Dr. Norchi holds sole voting and investment control; (b) 1,419,076 shares issued to Dr. Norchi upon the closing of the Merger in exchange for the cancellation of shares of Common Stock and convertible notes of ABS owned by him immediately prior to the closing of the Merger; (c) 1,130,000 shares of restricted stock granted to Dr. Norchi on May 3, 2016; and (d) 1,514,479 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days after December 2, 2016. Dr. Norchi disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by Twelve Pins Partners, LLC except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.   

(6)  
      Represents (a) 838,934 shares of our Common Stock, a Series D Warrant exercisable for 454,546 shares of our Common Stock, and a Series E Warrant exercisable for 83,333 shares of our Common Stock held by Keyes Sulat Revocable Trust; (b) 30,000 shares of our Common Stock held directly by Mr. Sulat; and (c) 254,167 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days after December 2, 2016. Excludes 30,000 shares subject to an option granted to Mr. Sulat in his capacity as a consultant on June 18, 2013 that can only be exercised upon the earlier of (i) calendar year 2018, or (ii) a corporate transaction or change of control which also constitutes a  change in the ownership or effective control, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets  within the meaning of Section 409A. Mr. Sulat disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by Keyes Sulat Revocable Trust except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.   

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  

Related Party Transactions  

During fiscal years 2015 and 2016, other than with respect to
matters relating to the Company s compensation arrangements with its executive officers, there were no transactions between
the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any  Related Person  (as that term is defined in Item 404 of Regulation
S-K) that would be required to be reported pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K other than the following: 

James R. Sulat, who was appointed as a member of our Board of
Directors on August 19, 2015, is a co-trustee of the Keyes Sulat Revocable Trust (the   Trust  ). In exchange
for a payment of (i) $100,000, the Trust received 454,546 shares of our Common Stock upon the Initial Closing of the 2015 Private
Placement Financing on June 30, 2015, and a Series D Warrant exercisable for the same number of shares at an exercise price of
$0.25; and (ii) $40,000, the Trust received 111,111 shares of our Common Stock upon the closing of the 2016 Private Placement Financing
on May 26, 2016, and a Series E Warrant exercisable for 83,333 shares at an exercise price of $0.4380. Regarding the latter, Mr.
Sulat disclosed his interest in the 2016 Private Placement Financing to the remaining members of the Board, all of whom were disinterested
in the transaction (the   Disinterested Directors  ), in accordance with the Company s policies governing
related party transactions (which is described below), and recused himself from discussing or voting on matters related to the
2016 Private Placement Financing. The Disinterested Directors unanimously approved the 2016 Private Placement Financing. 

Upon his resignation from our Board of Directors on May 28,
2015, the Company and Dr. Arthur Rosenthal entered into an oral agreement pursuant to which Dr. Rosenthal agreed to continue providing
services to the Company as a scientific advisor. On October 15, 2015, the Company and Dr. Rosenthal entered into a written agreement
to memorialize this agreement. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related
Persons  

Due to the small size of our Company, at this time we have determined
to rely on our full Board of Directors to review related party transactions and identify and prevent conflicts of interest. Our
Board of Directors reviews a transaction in light of the affiliations of the director, officer, employee or stockholder and the
affiliations of such person s immediate family. Transactions are presented to our Board of Directors for approval before
they are entered into or, if that is not possible, for ratification after the transaction has occurred. If our Board of Directors
finds that a conflict of interest exists, then it will determine the appropriate remedial action, if any. Our Board of Directors
approves or ratifies a transaction if it determines that the transaction is consistent with the best interests of the Company and
its stockholders. The procedures described above have been approved by resolutions adopted by our Board of Directors. 

Director Independence  

Our Board of Directors has determined that Dr. Avtar Dhillon
and Mr. James R. Sulat would qualify as  independent  as that term is defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Further,
although we have not established separately designated audit, nominating or compensation board committees, Dr. Dhillon and Mr.
Sulat would qualify as  independent  under Nasdaq Listing Rules applicable to all such board committees. Dr. Terrence
W. Norchi would not qualify as  independent  under Nasdaq Listing Rules applicable to the Board of Directors generally
or to separately designated board committees because he currently serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer. 

Subject to some exceptions, Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides
that an independent director is a person other than an executive officer or other employee of the Company or any other individual
having a relationship which, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and subject to certain exceptions, a director
will not be deemed to be independent if (a) the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of ours;
(b) the director or a member of the director s immediate family or a person living with such director (collectively, a   Related
Party  ) has received more than $120,000 in compensation from us during any twelve-month period within the preceding three
years, other than compensation for service as a director or as a non-executive employee (in the case of Related Party), benefits
under a tax-qualified retirement plan or non-discretionary compensation; (c) a Related Party is, or in the past three years has
been, an executive officer of ours; (d) the director or a Related Party is an executive officer, partner or controlling shareholder
of a company that makes payments to, or receives payments from, us in an amount which, in any twelve-month period during our past
three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of 5% of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year or $200,000 (except
for payments arising solely from investments in our securities or payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching
programs); (e) the director or a Related Party is employed as an executive officer of another company where at any time during
the preceding three years one of our executive officers served on the compensation committee of such company; and (f) the director
or a Related Party is a current partner of our independent public accounting firm, or has worked for such firm in any capacity
on our audit at any time during the past three years. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  

The following table presents the aggregate fees agreed to by
the Company for the annual audits for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and all other fees paid by us for services
rendered by Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico LLP, our current principal accountant, during the fiscal years ended September 30,
2016 and 2015: 

Audit Fees . The fees identified under this caption were
for professional services rendered by Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements.
The fees identified under this caption also include fees for professional services rendered by Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico
LLP for the review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q. In addition, the amounts include
fees for services that are normally provided by the auditor in connection with regulatory filings and engagements for the years
identified. 

Audit-Related Fees.  Audit-related fees consist principally
of assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that
are not reported as audit fees. 

Tax Fees . Tax fees consist principally of assistance
related to tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 there were no tax
fees paid to our principal accountant. 

All Other Fees . These fees would consist of all fees
paid to our principal accountant that are not reflected as audit, audit-related or tax fees such as fees incurred in connection
with reviewing our registration statements and prospectus supplements. 

Pre-Approval Policy  

As our Board of Directors has not established a separate standing
audit committee, all engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2015 and 2014 were pre-approved by the
full Board of Directors. 

PART IV  

ITEM 15.   
       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    

(a)(1).  
      The following consolidated financial statements of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary, are found beginning on Page F-1 immediately following the signature page hereto, are incorporated by reference into Item 8   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:   

(a)(2).  
      Financial Statement Schedules   

These schedules are omitted because they are not required,
or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(a)(3).  
      Exhibits   

The Exhibit Index attached to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference herein. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. 

Arch Therapeutics, Inc.   

By:  
      /s/ Terrence W. Norchi, MD   
 
      Date: December 5, 2016  
         
      Terrence W. Norchi, MD   

President and Chief Executive Officer    

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Terrence W. Norchi as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, each with full
power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform
each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute
or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE   
         
       TITLE   
         
       DATE    

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  
         
      December 5, 2016   
 
      /s/ Terrence W. Norchi, MD  
         
      ( Principal Executive Officer )  

Terrence W. Norchi, MD  

Chief Financial Officer  
         
      December 5, 2016   
 
      /s/ Richard E. Davis  
         
      (Principal  Financial and Accounting Officer )  

Richard E. Davis  

/s/ Avtar Dhillon, MD  
         
      Director  
         
      December 5, 2016   
 
      Avtar Dhillon, MD  

/s/ James R. Sulat  
         
      Director  
         
      December 5, 2016   
 
      James R. Sulat  

ARCH THERAPEUTICS, INC.  

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM  

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors
of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. 

 Framingham, Massachusetts 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and subsidiary will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Notes 1 and 2 to
the consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit, has suffered significant net losses and negative
cash flows from operations, and has limited working capital that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Notes 1 and 2. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/ Moody, Famiglietti   Andronico, LLP 

 Tewksbury, MA 

 December 5, 2016 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements  

Arch
    Therapeutics, Inc.   
 
      Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity   
 
      For the Years Ended Septermber 30. 2016 and 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.   
       DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    

Arch Therapeutics, Inc., (together with its subsidiary, the
 Company  or  Arch ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on September 16, 2009, under
the name  Almah, Inc. . Effective June 26, 2013, the Company completed a merger (the  Merger ) with Arch
Biosurgery, Inc. (formerly known as Arch Therapeutics, Inc.), a Massachusetts corporation ( ABS ), and Arch Acquisition
Corporation ( Merger Sub ), the Company s wholly owned subsidiary formed for the purpose of the transaction,
pursuant to which Merger Sub merged with and into ABS and ABS thereby became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result
of the acquisition of ABS, the Company abandoned its prior business plan and changed its operations to the business of a biotechnology
company. Our principal offices are located in Framingham, Massachusetts. 

For financial reporting purposes, the Merger represented a  reverse
merger . ABS was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction and the predecessor of Arch. Consequently, the accumulated
deficit and the historical operations that are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements prior to the
Merger are those of ABS. All share information has been restated to reflect the effects of the Merger. The Company s financial
information has been consolidated with that of ABS after consummation of the Merger on June 26, 2013, and the historical financial
statements of the Company before the Merger have been replaced with the historical financial statements of ABS before the Merger
in this report. 

ABS was incorporated under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts
on March 6, 2006 as Clear Nano Solutions, Inc. On April 7, 2008, ABS changed its name from Clear Nano Solutions, Inc. to Arch Therapeutics,
Inc. Effective upon the closing of the Merger, ABS changed its name from Arch Therapeutics, Inc. to Arch Biosurgery, Inc. 

The Company has generated no operating revenues to date, and
is devoting substantially all of its efforts toward product research and development. To date, the Company has principally raised
capital through debt borrowings, the issuance of convertible debt, and the issuance of units consisting of common stock and warrants. 

The Company expects to incur substantial
expenses for the foreseeable future relating to research, development and commercialization of its potential products. However,
there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing additional resources when needed, on terms acceptable
to the Company, if at all. Therefore, there exists substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability of assets that might be necessary
despite this uncertainty. 

2.   
       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( US GAAP ). 

Basis of Accounting  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary, Arch Biosurgery, Inc., a biotechnology company. All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The Company is in the development stage and is devoting substantially
all of its efforts to developing technologies, raising capital, establishing customer and vendor relationships, and recruiting
and retaining new employees. 

Use of Estimates  

Management is required to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from those estimates. 

Cash  

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company had no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015. 

Concentration of Credit Risk  

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash. The Company maintains its cash in bank deposits accounts, which, at times,
may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not
exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. 

Deferred Offering Costs  

Deferred Offering Costs consist of fees and expenses incurred
in connection with the public offering and sale of the Company s common stock, including legal, accounting, printing and
other related expenses, as well as costs incurred in connection with the filing of a shelf registration statement. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated
using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the related asset. Upon sale or retirement, the cost and accumulated
depreciation are eliminated from their respective accounts, and the resulting gain or loss is included in income or loss for the
period. Repair and maintenance expenditures are charged to expense as incurred. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when circumstances
indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment .
For assets that are to be held and used, impairment is recognized when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the
asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value. If impairment exists, an adjustment is made to write the asset down
to its fair value, and a loss is recorded as the difference between the carrying value and fair value. Fair values are determined
based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows or internal and external appraisals, as applicable. Assets to be disposed
of are carried at the lower of carrying value or estimated net realizable value. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
there has not been any impairment of long-lived assets. 

Convertible Debt  

The Company records a discount to convertible notes for the
intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying
common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Debt discounts
under these arrangements are amortized to noncash interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the
related debt to their date of maturity. If a security or instrument becomes convertible only upon the occurrence of a future event
outside the control of the Company, or, is convertible from inception, but contains conversion terms that change upon the occurrence
of a future event, then any contingent beneficial conversion feature is measured and recognized when the triggering event occurs
and contingency has been resolved. 

Income Taxes  

In accordance with ASC 740,  Income Taxes , the
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences or events that have been included
in the Company s consolidated financial statements and/or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are based upon
the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and for loss
and credit carryforwards using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to
reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

The Company provides reserves for potential
payments of tax to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions when management determines that it is probable that
a loss will be incurred related to these matters and the amount of the loss is reasonably determinable. The Company has no reserves
related to uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Research and Development  

The Company expenses internal and external research and development
costs, including costs of funded research and development arrangements, in the period incurred. 

Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation  

The Company accounts for employee stock-based compensation in
accordance with the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation  ( FASB ASC Topic 718 ),
which requires all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the consolidated
financial statements based on their fair values. The Company accounts for non-employee stock-based compensation in accordance with
the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 505,  Equity  ( FASB ASC Topic 505 ), which requires that companies recognize compensation
expense based on the estimated fair value of options granted to non-employees over their vesting period, which is generally the
period during which services are rendered by such non-employees. FASB ASC Topic 505 requires the Company to re-measure the fair
value of stock options issued to non- employee at each reporting period during the vesting period or until services are complete. 

In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, the Company has elected
to use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted and recognizes the compensation cost
of share-based awards on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the award. 

The determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards
utilizing the Black-Scholes model is affected by the fair value of the common stock and a number of other assumptions, including
expected volatility, expected life, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. The Company does not have a history of market
prices of the common stock, and as such volatility is estimated in accordance with ASC 718-10-S99 Staff Accounting Bulletin ( SAB )
No. 107,  Share-Based Payment  ( SAB No. 107 ), using historical volatilities of similar public entities. The
life term for awards uses simplified method for all  plain vanilla  options, as defined in SAB No. 107 and the contractual
term for all other employee and non-employee awards. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based on observed interest rates
appropriate for the terms of our awards. The dividend yield assumption is based on history and the expectation of paying no dividends.
Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from
those estimates. Stock-based compensation expense, when recognized in the consolidated financial statements, is based on awards
that are ultimately expected to vest. 

Fair Value Measurements  

The Company measures both financial and nonfinancial
assets and liabilities in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , except those that
are recognized or disclosed in the consolidated financial statements at fair value on a recurring basis. The standard created a
fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels as
follows: Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities; Level 2 inputs are
inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly;
and Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability. 

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the carrying amounts
of cash, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities, and convertible notes approximate fair value because of
their short-term nature. The fair value of note payable, which is influenced by interest rates and the Company s
liquidity, approximates carrying value. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company evaluated all events or transactions that occurred
commencing from October 1, 2016 and ending on December 1, 2016 the date which these consolidated financial statements were issued. The Company disclosed material subsequent events in Note 13. 

Going Concern Basis of Accounting  

As reflected in the consolidated financial statements, the Company
has an accumulated deficit, has suffered significant net losses and negative cash flows from operations, has not generated operating
revenues, and has limited working capital. The continuation of our business as a going concern is dependent upon raising additional
capital and eventually attaining and maintaining profitable operations. In particular, as of September 30, 2016, the Company will
be required to raise additional capital, obtain alternative means of financial support, or both, in order to continue to fund operations,
and therefore there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company expects to incur substantial
expenses for the foreseeable future for the research, development and commercialization of its potential products. In addition,
the Company will require additional financing in order to seek to license or acquire new assets, research and develop any potential
patents and the related compounds, and obtain any further intellectual property that the Company may seek to acquire. Historically,
the Company has principally funded operations through debt borrowings, the issuance of convertible debt, and the issuance of units
consisting of common stock and warrants. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of
assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty. 

3.      PROPERTY
                                         AND EQUIPMENT   

At September 30, 2016 and 2015, property
and equipment consisted of: 

4.      INCOME
                                         TAXES   

The principal components of the Company's
net deferred tax assets consisted of the following at September 30: 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had federal
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $13,675,000 and $9,509,000, respectively, which may be available to offset future
taxable income and which would begin to expire in 2026. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had federal research and
experimentation credit carryforwards of $380,982 and $139,744, respectively, which may be available to offset future income tax
liabilities and which would begin to expire in 2029. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had state
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $12,814,000 and $8,487,000, respectively, which may be available to offset future
taxable income and which would begin to expire in 2017. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had state research and
experimentation credit carryforwards of $119,000 and $37,000, respectively, which may be able to offset future income tax liabilities
and which would begin to expire in 2023. 

As the Company has not yet achieved profitable operations,
management believes the tax benefits as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 did not satisfy the realization criteria set forth in FASB
ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, and therefore has recorded a valuation allowance for the entire deferred tax asset. The valuation
allowance increased in 2016 and 2015 by approximately $2,767,000 and $2,130,000, respectively. The Company s effective income
tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate due to state taxes and the Company s full valuation allowance, the latter
of which reduced the Company s effective federal income tax rate to zero. 

The Company experienced an ownership change as
a result of the Merger described in Note 1, causing a limitation on the annual use of the net operating loss carryforwards, which
are subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section
382 and similar state provisions. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company is open to examination
in the U.S. federal and certain state jurisdictions for tax years ended September 30, 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013. 

On January 30, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement (the   Securities Purchase Agreement  ) with nine separate accredited investors (  2014 Investors  )
providing for the issuance and sale by the Company to the 2014 Investors, in a private placement, of an aggregate of 11,400,000
shares of Common Stock (collectively, the   2014 Shares  ) at a purchase price of $0.25 per share and three series
of warrants, the Series A warrants, the Series B warrants and the Series C warrants, to purchase up to an aggregate of 34,200,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock (collectively, the   2014 Warrants ,  and the shares issuable upon
exercise of the 2014 Warrants, collectively, the   2014 Warrant Shares  ), for aggregate gross proceeds to the
Company of approximately $2,850,000 (the   2014 Private Placement Financing  ). 

Upon the closing of the 2014 Private Placement Financing on February
4, 2014 (the   Closing Date  ), the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the   2014
Registration Rights Agreement  ) with the 2014 Investors, pursuant to which the Company became obligated, subject to
certain conditions, to file with the SEC on or before March 21, 2014 one or more registration statements to register for resale
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act  ), (i) the 2014 Shares and the 2014 Warrant
Shares, plus (ii) an additional number of shares of Common Stock equal to 33% of the total number of 2014 Shares and 2014 Warrant
Shares, to account for adjustments, if any, to the number of 2014 Warrant Shares issuable pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Warrants
(the securities set forth in this clause (ii), the   Additional Shares  ). Under the terms of the 2014 Registration
Rights Agreement, the Company is permitted to reduce the number of shares covered by a registration statement if such reduction
is required by the SEC as a condition for permitting such registration statement to become effective and treated as a resale registration
statement (the   Cutback Provisions  ). In response to comments received from the SEC and in accordance with
the terms of the 2014 Registration Rights Agreement, the Company reduced the number of shares included in its draft resale registration
statement (the   2014 S-1  ) by the number of Additional Shares. The Company s failure to satisfy certain
other obligations and deadlines set forth in the 2014 Registration Rights Agreement may subject the Company to payment of monetary
penalties as discussed below. The resale registration statement was declared effective on July 2, 2014. As described below, in
the event that we fail to comply with certain requirements in the 2014 Registration Rights Agreement, we may be required to pay
liquidated damages to the investors. 

The 2014 Registration Rights Agreement also obligated the Company
to register the resale of all securities covered by the 2014 Registration Rights Agreement on a short-form registration statement
on Form S-3 as soon as the Company becomes eligible to use Form S-3. On October 31, 2016, the Company filed a resale registration
statement on Form S-3 (the   2014 S-3  ) to register the remaining securities covered by the 2014 Registration
Rights Agreement, and the 2014 S-3 was declared effective on November 23, 2016. Pursuant to Rule 429 promulgated under the Securities
Act, the 2014 S-3 contained a combined prospectus that covered the securities that remained unsold under the 2014 S-1 and also
registered those same securities under the 2014 S-3. Under Rule 429, the 2014 S-3 also constituted a post-effective amendment
to the 2014 S-1, which became effective on the date that the 2014 S-3 was declared effective. 

The 2014 Warrants were exercisable immediately upon issuance. The
Series A warrants had an initial exercise price of $0.30 per share and expire five years from the date of their issuance. The
Series B warrants had an initial exercise price of $0.35 per share and expired on the earlier of 12 months after their issuance
date or six months after the first date on which the resale of all Registrable Securities (as defined in the 2014 Registration
Rights Agreement) is covered by one or more effective registration statements, which occurred on July 2, 2014 (the   2014
Registration Statement Effective Date  ). The Series B warrants expired on January 2, 2015. The Series C warrants had
an initial exercise price of $0.40 per share and an initial expiration on the earlier of 18 months after their issuance date or
nine months after the 2014 Registration Statement Effective Date. As described below, the term of the Series C Warrants was extended
to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on July 2, 2016 and, prior to such expiration date, all 11,400,000 shares underlying the Series C
Warrants were exercised. The number of shares of the Company s Common Stock into which each of the 2014 Warrants is exercisable
and the exercise price therefore were subject to adjustment as set forth in the 2014 Warrants, including, without limitation,
adjustment to both the exercise price of the 2014 Warrants in the event of certain subsequent issuances and sales of shares of
the Company s Common Stock (or securities convertible or exercisable into shares of Common Stock) at a price per share lower
than the then-effective exercise price of the 2014 Warrants, in which case the per share exercise price of the 2014 Warrants would
be adjusted to equal such lower price per share and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the 2014 Warrants would be
adjusted accordingly so that the aggregate exercise price upon full exercise of the 2014 Warrants immediately before and immediately
after such per share exercise price adjustment were equal (the   Anti-Dilution Provisions  ). The 2014 Warrants
are also subject to customary adjustments in the event of stock dividends and splits, subsequent rights offerings and pro rata
distributions to the Company s common stockholders, and provide that they shall not be exercisable in the event and to the
extent that the exercise thereof would result in the holder of the Warrant or any of its affiliates beneficially would then own
more than 4.9% of the Company s Common Stock. 

The Company may be required to make certain payments to the 2014
Investors under certain circumstances in the future pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement and the 2014 Registration
Rights Agreement. These potential future payments include: (a) potential partial damages for failure to register the Common Stock
issued or issuable upon exercise of 2014 Warrants (in a cash amount equal to 1% of the price paid to the Company by each investor
in the 2014 Private Placement Financing on the date of and on each 30-day anniversary of such failure until the cure thereof;
(b) amounts payable if the Company and its transfer agent fail to timely remove certain restrictive legends from certificates
representing shares of Common Stock issued in the 2014 Private Placement Financing or issuable upon exercise of the 2014 Warrants;
(c) expense reimbursement for the lead investor in the 2014 Private Placement Financing; and (d) payments in respect of claims
for which the Company provides indemnification. There is no cap to the potential consideration. 

On December 1, 2014, the Company entered into an agreement with
Cranshire Capital Master Fund, Ltd. (  Cranshire  ), which was the lead investor in the 2014 Private Placement
Financing, to amend certain provisions of the 2014 Warrants (the   December 2014 Amendment  ). Under the terms
of the December 2014 Amendment, the 2014 Warrants were amended to (i) reduce the exercise price of the Series B Warrants from
$0.35 to $0.20; (ii) reduce the exercise price of the Series C Warrants from $0.40 to $0.20; and (iii) clarify that each series
of 2014 Warrants may be amended without having to amend all three series of 2014 Warrants. The number of shares of the Company s
Common Stock, which may be purchased from the Company upon exercise of each 2014 Warrant, remained unchanged. In conjunction with
the December 2014 Amendment, the Company recognized a loss on the modification of 2014 Warrants in the amount of $1,300,170, which
was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation valuation model. 

As of December 2, 2014, Series B Warrants had been exercised for
an aggregate issuance of 4,000,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $800,000.
In conjunction with the exercise of the Series B Warrants, their corresponding fair value at the exercise dates of $224,000 were
extinguished from the derivative liabilities balance. 

On March 13, 2015, the Company issued unsecured 8% Convertible
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $750,000 - See footnote 8. The Company s issuance of the Notes triggered the
Anti-Dilution Provisions of the Series A Warrants and, as a result, the exercise price of the Series A Warrants was reduced to
$0.20 per share and the aggregate number of shares issuable under the Series A Warrants increased by 5,700,000 shares from 11,400,000
shares to 17,100,000 shares. In addition, on March 13, 2015 and May 30, 2015, respectively the expiration date of the Series C
Warrants was extended to June 2, 2015 and July 2, 2015, respectively. In conjunction with the March 13, 2015 amendment, the Company
recognized a loss on the modification of warrants in the amount of $624,016, which was determined using Monte Carlo Simulation. 

Prior to June 22, 2015, Series C Warrants had been exercised
for an aggregate issuance of 2,255,000 shares of the Company s common stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of
$451,000. In conjunction with the exercise of the Series C Warrants, their corresponding fair value at the exercise dates of $75,321
were extinguished from the derivative liabilities balance and recognized as a gain in the Company s statements of operations. 

On June 22, 2015 the Company entered into an amendment to the
Series A Warrants and Series C Warrants to purchase Common Stock (the  June 2015 Amendment ), with Cranshire, to
(i) delete the Anti-Dilution Provisions in the Series A Warrants and Series C Warrants; and (ii) extend the expiration date
of the Series C Warrants from to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on July 2, 2015 to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on July 2, 2016. In
consideration of Cranshire s entrance into the June 2015 Amendment (and for no additional consideration), the Company
agreed to issue to the holders of the 2014 Warrants up to 570,000 shares of Company s Common Stock subject to the
delivery by each such holder of an investor certificate to the Company (such shares of Common Stock, the  Inducement
Shares ). All 570,000 Inducement Shares have been issued. In conjunction with the modifications to the Series A and
Series C Warrants in the June 2015 Amendment, the Company recognized a gain on modification of warrants, net of Inducement
Shares, in the amount of $927,373 which was determined using the Black Scholes model. As of June 22, 2015, the Company
determined that its Series A and C Warrants were eligible for equity classification due to the elimination of the full
ratchet anti-dilution provision. As a result, as of June 22, 2015, the then-current value of the derivative liabilities of
$3,263,753 was reclassified as equity within the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, Series C Warrants had
been exercised on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 3,400,000 shares of the Company s Common stock, respectively,
resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $680,000. During the year ended September 30, 2016, Series A Warrants had been exercised
on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 4,300,000 shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in gross proceeds
to the Company of $860,000. In addition 3,925,000 Series A Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis resulting in an issuance
of 2,333,559 shares of the Company s common stock. During the year ended September 30, 2015, Series A Warrants, and Series
C Warrants had been exercised for an aggregate issuance of 6,000,000, and 8,000,000, respectively, shares of the Company s
common stock resulting in gross proceeds to the Company of $2,800,000. For the year ended September 30, 2015, 1,750,000 of Series
A Warrants were exercised through cashless transactions resulting in 686,801 shares of common stock being issued. The Company
recorded the par value of the shares issued through cashless transactions of $687 (at par value of $0.001 per share) with a corresponding
reduction in additional paid-in capital. 

Derivative Liabilities  

The Company initially accounted for the 2014 Warrants relating
to the aforementioned 2014 Private Placement Financing in accordance with ASC 815-10,  Derivatives and Hedging . Because the
2014 Warrants were not indexed to the Company s stock and were not classified within stockholders  equity, they were
recorded as liabilities at fair value. They were marked to market each reporting period through the consolidated statement of operations.
As of June 22, 2015, the Company determined that its Series A and C Warrants were eligible for equity classification due to the
elimination of the full ratchet anti-dilution provision. As a result, as of June 22, 2015, the derivative liabilities were reclassified
as equity within the Company s consolidated financial statements at the then current fair value of $3,263,753. 

The values of the derivative liability as of September 30, 2015
were $0. As a result of a change in the estimated fair value of the derivative liability we recorded other expense of $896,763
for the year ended September 30, 2015. In addition, during the year ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a gain on modification
of warrants, net of Inducement Shares in the amount of $2,980,829. The Company recognized a gain on the exercise of warrants in
the amount of $299,321, for the year ended September 30, 2015 as described above. As of June 22, 2015, the Company determined that
its Series A and C Warrants were eligible for equity classification due to the elimination of the full ratchet anti-dilution provision
and as a result reclassified $3,263,753 from derivative liabilities to equity. For the year ended September 30, 2015, the change
in the estimated fair value was primarily due to the elimination of the full ratchet anti-dilution provisions of the Series A Warrants
and Series C Warrants and extending the expiration date of the Series C Warrants to July 2, 2016. The change in the estimated fair
value was primarily due to the reduction of the exercise prices of the 2014 Warrants, the exercise of 4,000,000 shares of the Series
B Warrants. 

The derivative liabilities were valued
as of December 1, 2014, and March 15, 2015 using Monte Carlo Simulation. The derivative liabilities as of June 22, 2015, June 30,
2015, and September 30, 2015 as well as the exercises during 4th quarter of fiscal 2015 were valued using Black Scholes. 

Beginning June 22, 2015 and through June 30, 2015, the Company
entered into a series of substantially similar subscription agreements (each a   Subscription Agreement  ) with
20 accredited investors (collectively, the   2015 Investors  ) providing for the issuance and sale by the Company
to the 2015 Investors, in a private placement, of an aggregate of 14,390,754 Units (  Unit  ) at a purchase price
of $0.22 per Unit (the   2015 Private Placement Financing  ). Each Unit consisted of a share of Common Stock
(the   2015 Shares  ) and a Series D Warrant to purchase a share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.25
per share at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the issuance date of the Series D Warrant (the   Series D Warrants , 
and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Series D Warrants, collectively, the  2015 Warrant Shares ). The Company
did not engage any underwriter or placement agent in connection with the 2015 Private Placement Financing, and the aggregate gross
proceeds raised by the Company in the 2015 Private Placement Financing totaled approximately $3,200,000. 

The Company s obligation to issue and sell the 2015 Shares
and the Series D Warrants and the corresponding obligation of the 2015 Investors to purchase such 2015 Shares and Series D Warrants
were subject to a number of conditions precedent including, but not limited to, the amendment of the Company s Series A
Warrants and Series C Warrants to delete certain of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein, as described in Note 5, 2014
Private Placement Financing, and other customary closing conditions. The conditions precedent were satisfied June 30, 2015 (the
  Initial Closing Date  ), and the Company conducted an initial closing (the   Initial Closing  )
pursuant to which it sold and 19 of the 2015 Investors (the   Initial Investors  ) purchased 13,936,367 Units
at an aggregate purchase price of $3,066,000. On July 2, 2015, the Company conducted a second closing (the   Second Closing  
and together with the Initial Closing, the   Closings  ) pursuant to which it sold and one of the 2015 Investors
purchased 454,387 Units at an aggregate purchase price of $100,000. 

On the Initial Closing Date, the Company entered into a registration
rights agreement with the Initial Investors (the   2015 Registration Rights Agreement  ), pursuant to which the
Company was obligated, subject to certain conditions, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 90 days after
the closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing one or more registration statements (any such registration statement, a   Resale
Registration Statement  ) to register the 2015 Shares and the 2015 Warrant Shares for resale under the Securities Act.
The remaining 2015 Investor became a party to the 2015 Registration Rights Agreement upon the consummation of the Second Closing.
The Company s failure to satisfy certain filing and effectiveness deadlines with respect to a Resale Registration Statement
and certain other requirements set forth in the 2015 Registration Rights Agreement may subject the Company to payment of monetary
penalties. On October 27, 2015, we received from the SEC a Notice of Effectiveness of our Registration Statement related to the
2015 Private Placement Financing (the   2015 S-1  ) which satisfied some of our obligation to register these
securities with the SEC. 

The 2015 Registration Rights Agreement also obligated the Company
to register the resale of all securities covered by the 2015 Registration Rights Agreement on a short-form registration statement
on Form S-3 as soon as the Company becomes eligible to use Form S-3. On October 31, 2016, the Company filed a resale registration
statement on Form S-3 (the   2015 S-3  ) to register the remaining securities covered by the 2015 Registration
Rights Agreement, and the 2015 S-3 was declared effective on November 23, 2016. Pursuant to Rule 429 promulgated under the Securities
Act, the 2015 S-3 contained a combined prospectus that covered the securities that remained unsold under the 2015 S-1 and also
registered those same securities under the 2015 S-3. Under Rule 429, the 2015 S-3 also constituted a post-effective amendment
to the 2015 S-1, which became effective on the date that the 2015 S-3 was declared effective. 

Following each Closing, each 2015 Investor was also issued Series
D Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock up to 100% of the 2015 Shares purchased by such 2015 Investor
under such 2015 Investor s Subscription Agreement. The Series D Warrants have an exercise price of $0.25 per share, are
exercisable immediately after their issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years after their issuance date. The number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock into which each of the Series D Warrants is exercisable and the exercise price therefore
are subject to adjustment, as set forth in the Series D Warrants, including adjustments for stock subdivisions or combinations
(by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise). In addition, at any
time during the term of the Series D Warrants, the Company may reduce the then-current exercise price to any amount and for any
period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of the Company. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, Series D Warrants had
been exercised on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 3,439,091 shares of the Company s Common stock resulting in
gross proceeds to the Company of $859,773. 

Common Stock  

At the June 30, 2015 Initial Closing Date of the 2015 Private Placement
Financing, the Company issued 13,936,367 shares of Common Stock. On July 2, 2015, the Company conducted the Second Closing pursuant
to which it sold and one of the 2015 Investors purchased 454,387 shares of Common Stock. 

Equity Value of Warrants  

The Company accounted for the Series D Warrants relating to the
aforementioned 2015 Private Placement Financing in accordance with ASC 815-40,  Derivatives and Hedging . Because the Series
D Warrants are indexed to the Company s stock, they are classified within stockholders  equity in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

Beginning May 24, 2016 and through May 26, 2016, we entered into
a series of substantially similar subscription agreements (each a   2016 Subscription Agreement  ) with 18 accredited
investors (collectively, the   2016 Investors  ) providing for the issuance and sale by the Company to the 2016
Investors, in a private placement, of an aggregate of 9,418,334 Units at a purchase price of $0.36 per Unit (the   2016
Private Placement Financing  ). Each Unit consisted of a share of Common Stock, and a Series E Warrant to purchase 0.75
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.4380 per share at any time prior to the fifth anniversary of the issuance date
of the Series E Warrant (the   Series E Warrants ,  and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Series E Warrants,
collectively, the   Series E Warrant Shares  ). The exercise price of the Series E Warrants was set to equal
the closing price of our Common Stock on the date of their issuance (May 26, 2016), which was $0.4380, and therefore the Series
E Warrants were not issued at a discount to the market price of our Common Stock as of such date. 

The number of shares of Common Stock into which each of the Series
E Warrants is exercisable and the exercise price therefor are subject to adjustment as set forth in the Series E Warrants, including
adjustments for stock subdivisions or combinations (by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme,
arrangement or otherwise). In addition, (i) at any time during the term of the Series E Warrants, we may reduce the then-current
exercise price to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by our Board of Directors (the   Board  );
and (ii) certain of the Series E Warrants provide that they shall not be exercisable in the event and to the extent that the exercise
thereof would result in the holder of the Series E Warrant, together with its affiliates and any other persons whose beneficial
ownership of Common Stock would be aggregated with the holder s, would be deemed to beneficially own more than 4.99% of
the Common Stock;  provided, however , the holder, upon notice to us, may increase or decrease the ownership limitation,
 provided that  any increase is limited to a maximum of 9.99% of the Company s Common Stock, and any increase in the
ownership limitation will not become effective until the 61 st  day after delivery of such notice. 

We engaged Maxim Group LLC (  Maxim  ) as our
exclusive institutional investor placement agent in connection with the 2016 Private Placement Financing, and in consideration
for the services provided by it, Maxim was entitled to receive cash fees equal to 8.2% of the gross proceeds received by us from
certain institutional investors participating in the 2016 Private Placement Financing (the   Maxim Investors  ),
as well as reimbursement for all reasonable expenses incurred by it in connection with its engagement. We received gross proceeds
of approximately $3,390,600 in the aggregate, of which approximately $2,084,000 was attributable to the Maxim Investors, resulting
in a fee of approximately $170,888. 

On May 26, 2016, we entered into a registration rights agreement
with the 2016 Investors (the   2016 Registration Rights Agreement  ), pursuant to which we became obligated,
subject to certain conditions, to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the   SEC  ) within 45 days
after the closing of the 2016 Private Placement Financing one or more registration statements (the   2016 S-1  )
to register the shares of Common Stock issued in the Closings and the Series E Warrant Shares for resale under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the   Securities Act  ). As a result, we registered for resale under the 2016 S-1 an
aggregate of 16,482,082 shares of Common Stock, representing the 9,418,334 shares issued at the closing of the 2016 Private Placement
Financing and the 7,063,748 shares underlying the Series E Warrants. On July 13, 2016, we received from the SEC a Notice of Effectiveness
of the 2016 S-1, which satisfied some of our obligation to register these securities with the SEC. 

The 2016 Registration Rights Agreement also obligated the Company
to register the resale of all securities covered by the 2016 Registration Rights Agreement on a short-form registration statement
on Form S-3 as soon as the Company becomes eligible to use Form S-3. On October 31, 2016, the Company filed a resale registration
statement on Form S-3 (the   2016 S-3  ) to register the remaining securities covered by the 2016 Registration
Rights Agreement, and the 2016 S-3 was declared effective on November 23, 2016. Pursuant to Rule 429 promulgated under the Securities
Act, the 2016 S-3 contained a combined prospectus that covered the securities that remained unsold under the 2016 S-1 and also
registered those same securities under the 2016 S-3. Under Rule 429, the 2016 S-3 also constituted a post-effective amendment
to the 2016 S-1, which became effective on the date that the 2016 S-3 was declared effective. 

Following the Closing, each 2016 Investor was also issued Series
E Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock up to 75% of the 2016 Shares purchased by such 2016 Investor
under such 2016 Investor s Subscription Agreement. The Series E Warrants have an exercise price of $0.438 per share, are
exercisable immediately after their issuance and have a term of exercise equal to five years after their issuance date. The number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock into which each of the Series E Warrants is exercisable and the exercise price therefore
are subject to adjustment, as set forth in the Series E Warrants, including adjustments for stock subdivisions or combinations
(by any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, scheme, arrangement or otherwise). In addition, at anytime
during the term of the Series E Warrants, the Company may reduce the then-current exercise price to any amount and for any period
of time deemed appropriate by the Board of the Company. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, Series E Warrants had
been exercised on a cash basis for an aggregate issuance of 705,425 shares of the Company s Common stock resulting in gross
proceeds to the Company of $308,976. 

Common Stock  

At May 26, 2016, the Closing Date of the 2016 Private Placement
Financing, the Company issued 9,418,334 shares of Common Stock. 

Equity Value of Warrants  

The Company accounted for the Series E Warrants relating to the
aforementioned 2016 Private Placement Financing in accordance with ASC 815-40,  Derivatives and Hedging . Because the Series
E Warrants are indexed to the Company s stock, they are classified within stockholders  equity in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

Beginning March 11, 2015 and through March 13, 2015, the Company
entered into a series of substantially similar subscription agreements (each a  Subscription Agreement ) with each
of Anson Investments Master Fund, Ltd., Equitec Specialists, LLC and Capital Ventures International (collectively, the  Note
Investors ) pursuant to which the Company issued unsecured 8% Convertible Notes (the  Notes , and such transaction,
the  Notes Offering ) to the Note Investors in the aggregate principal amount of $750,000. On the closing of the Notes
Offering on March 13, 2015 (the  Closing Date ), each Note Investor was issued a Note in the principal amount of $250,000.
The Company did not engage any underwriter or placement agent in connection with the Notes Offering. 

The Notes become due and payable on March 13, 2016 (the  Stated
Maturity Date ) and may not be prepaid. The Notes bear interest on the unpaid principal balance at a rate equal to eight
percent (8.0%) (computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a 360-day year) per annum until either (a) converted
into shares of the Company s common stock, $0.001 par value per share ( Common Stock ) or (b) the outstanding
principal and accrued interest on the Notes is paid in full by the Company. Interest on the Notes becomes due and payable upon
their conversion or the Stated Maturity Date and may become due and payable upon the occurrence of an event of default under the
Notes. The Notes contain customary events of default, which include, among other things, (i) the Company s failure to pay
other indebtedness of $100,000 or more within the specified cure period for such breach; (iii) the acceleration of the stated maturity
of such indebtedness; (iii) the insolvency of the Company; and (iv) the receipt of final, non-appealable judgments in the aggregate
amount of $100,000 or more. 

On September 8, 2015, we, along with the current holders of
the Convertible Notes, entered into a series of substantially similar subordination agreements with the Massachusetts Life Sciences
Center (  MLSC   and such agreements, the   Subordination Agreements  ), pursuant to which
the holders of the Convertible Notes agreed to subordinate their right to payment under the Convertible Notes to MLSC s right
to receive payments under the MLSC Loan Agreement. Under the terms of the Subordination Agreements, the indebtedness accrued under
the Convertible Notes may not be repaid unless and until all indebtedness and fees owed to MLSC under the MLSC Loan Agreement are
repaid in full, but the right to convert the Convertible Notes into shares of Common Stock is expressly allowed. 

At any time prior to the Stated Maturity Date, the holders of
the Notes have the right to convert some or all of such Notes into the number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing
(a) the aggregate sum of the (i) principal amount of the Note to be converted, and (ii) amount of any accrued but unpaid interest
with respect to such portion of the Note to be converted; and (b) the conversion price then in effect (the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon such conversion, the  Conversion Shares ). The initial conversion price is $0.20 per share, and it may
be (A) reduced to any amount and for any period of time deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company, or (B) reduced
or increased proportionately as a result of stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations, reorganizations, and similar transactions.
A holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of a Note, if after giving effect to such conversion, the holder, together
with its affiliates collectively, would beneficially own more than 4.99% or 9.99% (at the holder s discretion) of the shares
of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 

The issuance and sale of the Notes and Conversion Shares (collectively,
the  Securities ) has not been, and will not upon issuance be, registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the  Securities Act ), and the Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under
or exemption from the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Securities were issued and sold in reliance
upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated
under the Securities Act. 

During the year ended September 30, 2016, $605,000 in principal
outstanding under the Notes and $39,900 of accrued interest were converted into 3,224,494 shares of the Company s Common
Stock. During the year ended September 30, 2015, $145,000 of notes and $6,173 of interest were converted into 755,865 shares of
the Company s Common Stock. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, principal amounts outstanding under the Notes
amounted to $0 and $605,000, respectively. 

Derivative Liabilities   

The Company accounted for the conversion feature embedded within
the Notes in accordance with ASC 815-10,  Derivatives and Hedging . Because the options to convert into Common Stock are
not indexed to the Company s stock and are not classified within stockholders  equity, the options to convert are
recorded as liabilities at fair value. They are marked to fair value each reporting period through the consolidated statement
of operations. 

On the Closing Date, the derivative liability was recorded at fair
value of $354,988 with the remaining proceeds of $395,012 allocated to the Notes. The allocation of funds to the derivative liability
resulted in a discount on the Notes, which was accreted to interest expense over the life of the loan. For the year ended September
30, 2016, $131,252 of the loan discount has been accreted to interest expense. For the year ended September 30, 2015, $223,7835
of the loan discount has been accreted to interest expense and $145,000 of the principal was converted into 725,000 shares of
common stock. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the accreted balance of the outstanding Notes was $0 and $473,747. 

As a result of the conversion of notes we recorded other
income of $142,964 for the year ended September 30, 2016 and due to the change in the estimated fair value of the derivative
liability we recorded other income of $192,128 for the year ended September 30, 2016. As a result of a change in the
estimated fair value of the derivative liability we recorded other expense of $67,395 and a gain on the conversion of notes
of $87,291 for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Fair Value Measurements
Using Significant Unobservable  

  Inputs  

  (Level 3)  

The derivative liability was valued as of September 30, 2015, October
29, 2015 (weighted average conversion date) and December 31, 2015 using Monte Carlo Simulations with the following assumptions: 

9.      STOCK-BASED
                                         COMPENSATION   

2013 Stock Incentive Plan  

On June 18, 2013, the Company established the 2013 Stock
Incentive Plan (the  2013 Plan ). Under the 2013 Plan, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016, a maximum
number of 16,114,256 shares of the Company s authorized and available common stock could be issued in the form of options,
stock appreciation rights, sales or bonuses of restricted stock, restricted stock units or dividend equivalent rights, and an
award may consist of one such security or benefit, or two or more of them in any combination or alternative. The 2013 Plan provides
that on the first business day of each fiscal year commencing with fiscal year 2014, the number of shares of our common stock
reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan for all awards except for incentive stock option awards will be subject to increase
by an amount equal to the lesser of (A) 3,000,000 Shares, (B) four (4) percent of the number of shares outstanding on the last
day of the immediately preceding fiscal year of the Company, or (C) such lesser number of shares as determined by the Company s
Board of Directors (the  Board ). The exercise price of each option shall be the fair value as determined in good
faith by the Board at the time each option is granted. On October 1, 2016, the aggregate number of authorized shares under the
Plan was further increased by 3,000,000 shares to a total of 19,114,256 shares. 

As of September 30, 2016, a total of 11,214,212 options
had been issued to employees and directors and 5,077,500 options had been issued to consultants. The exercise price of each option
has either been equal to the closing price of a share of our common stock on the date of grant or has been determined to be in
compliance with Internal Revenue Section 409A. 

Share-based awards  

During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company granted
options to employees and directors to purchase 2,735,000 and to consultants to purchase 425,000 shares of common stock under the
2013 Plan. The options have terms ranging from 1 to 10 years, are subject to vesting terms over periods ranging up to 3 years
and have exercise prices ranging from $0.38 to $0.72. 

The Company recognizes compensation expense for stock option
awards on a straight-line basis over the applicable service period of the award. The service period is generally the vesting period,
with the exception of options granted subject to a consulting agreement, whereby the option vesting period and the service period
are defined pursuant to the terms of the consulting agreement. Share-based compensation expense for awards granted during the
year ended September 30, 2016 was based on the fair market value at period end or grant date fair value estimated using the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model. The following assumptions were used to calculate the fair value of share based compensation for the year
ended September 30, 2016; expected volatility, 76.57% - 119.44%, risk-free interest rate, 0.59% - 2.40%, expected forfeiture rate,
0.00%, expected dividend yield, 0.00%, expected term, 1 to 10 years. 

Expected price volatility is the measure by which the Company s
stock price is expected to fluctuate during the expected term of an option. The Company exited shell company status on June 26,
2013. In situations where a newly public entity has limited historical data on the price of its publicly traded shares and no
other traded financial instruments, authoritative guidance is provided on estimating this assumption by basing its expected volatility
on the historical, expected, or implied volatility of similar entities whose share option prices are publicly available. In making
the determination as to similarity, the guidance recommends the consideration of industry, stage of life cycle, size and financial
leverage of such other entities. The Company s expected volatility is derived from the historical daily change in the market
price of its common stock since it exited shell company status, as well as the historical daily change in the market price for
the peer group as determined by the Company. 

For so called  plain vanilla  options granted
to employees, the expected term of the options is based upon the simplified method as defined in ASC 718-10-S99 which averages
an award s weighted-average vesting period and the contractual term for share options. The Company will continue to use
the simplified method until it has the historical data necessary to provide a reasonable estimate of expected life in accordance
with ASC Topic 718. The Company s estimation of the expected term for stock options not subject to the simplified method
is based upon the contractual term of the option award. For the purposes of estimating the fair value of stock option awards,
the risk-free interest rate used in the Black-Scholes calculation is based on the prevailing U.S. Treasury yield. The Company
has never paid any dividends on its common stock and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest, reduced for estimated forfeitures. Authoritative
guidance requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant, and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. Prior to the year ended September 30, 2015, the Company did not experience any forfeitures
of stock options. During the year ended September 30, 2016, the Company experienced an insignificant number of forfeitures of
stock options granted. Since the Company has a limited history of stock option forfeitures it continues to estimate the forfeiture
rate of its outstanding stock options as zero, but will continually evaluate its historical data as a basis for determining expected
forfeitures. 

Common Stock Options 

Stock compensation activity under the 2013 Plan for the
year ended September 30, 2016 follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, 2,447,527 shares are available
for future grants under the 2013 Plan. Share-based compensation expense recorded in the Company s Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 resulting from stock options awarded to the Company s employees,
directors and consultants was approximately $938,000 and $1,048,000, respectively. Of this amount during the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, $270,000 and $466,000, respectively, was recorded to research and development expenses, and $668,000 and $582,000,
respectively was recorded in general and administrative expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

As of September 30, 2016, there is approximately $676,000
of unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the 2013 Plan. That
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.9 years. 

Restricted Stock  

On August 9, 2016, we entered into a follow-on consulting agreement
with Acorn. In consideration of the services to be provided under and in accordance with the terms of the consulting agreement,
we issued (i) 225,000 shares of Common Stock under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan at an agreed upon value of $0.72 per share, which
was the closing price of our common stock on August 9, 2016; and (ii) an option under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan to purchase
up to 375,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of price of $0.72 per share, in each case to John R. Exley, Acorn s
Chief Executive Officer and the party designated by Acorn to receive its shares and option. The shares and option are subject
to time-based vesting restrictions. Of the 225,000 shares of Common Stock granted to Mr. Exley, 75,000 vest 90 days from the date
of the award, 75,000 vest 120 days from the date of the award and the remaining 75,000 shares are scheduled to vest 150 days from
the date of the award. Of the stock options to purchase up to 375,000 shares of Common Stock awarded to Mr. Exley, 125,000 vest
90 days from the date of the award, 125,000 vest 120 days from the date of the award and the remaining 125,000 shares are scheduled
to vest 150 days from the date of the award. The issuance and sale of the shares of Common Stock and option to Acorn has not been
registered under the Securities Act, and such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under
or exemption from the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The securities were issued and sold in reliance
upon an exemption from registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act based on the following facts: Acorn has
represented that it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, that it is acquiring
the securities for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, a distribution thereof in violation
of applicable securities laws; that it understood that the securities would be issued as restricted securities and as a result,
it must bear the economic risk of its investment in the securities for an indefinite period of time 

Restricted stock activity under the 2013 Plan for the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

The weighted average restricted stock
award date fair value information for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

Non-employee restricted shares subject to vesting are revalued
at each vesting date and at the end of the reporting period, with all changes in fair value recorded as stock-based compensation
expense. For the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, compensation expense recorded for the restricted stock awards was approximately
$0 and $9,000, respectively. 

10. Restricted Stock Awarded Outside the 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan  

On May 3, 2016, the Company awarded 2,000,000 shares of
Restricted Stock to members of the Board of Directors and management in a private placement in reliance upon an exemption from
registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The shares subject to this grant are outside the 2013 Plan and
100% shall fully vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant. In addition, in the event of a Change of Control (as such
term is defined in the 2013 Plan), 100% of the grants will immediately vest. 

On August 6, 2015, we entered into separate consulting agreements
with two investor relations firms, Excelsior Global Advisors LLC (  Excelsior  ) and Acorn Management Partners,
LLC (  Acorn  ). In consideration of the services to be provided under and in accordance with the terms of each
consulting agreement, we issued 300,000 shares of Common Stock subject to time-based vesting restrictions to each of Excelsior
and John R. Exley, Acorn s Chief Executive Officer and the party designated by Acorn to receive its shares, at an agreed
upon value of $0.35 per share, which was the closing price of our common stock on August 6, 2015. 150,000 of shares of common
stock granted to each of Excelsior and Mr. Exley vested immediately upon issuance, and the remaining 150,000 shares are scheduled
to vest in 75,000, 50,000 and 25,000 share increments on September 4, 2015, October 2, 2015, and November 4, 2015, respectively.
The issuance and sale of the shares of common stock to Excelsior and Acorn has not been registered under the Securities Act, and
such securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under or exemption from the Securities Act
and any applicable state securities laws. The securities were issued and sold in reliance upon an exemption from registration
afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act based on the following facts: each of Excelsior and Acorn has represented that
it is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, that it is acquiring the securities
for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, a distribution thereof in violation of applicable
securities laws; that it understood that the securities would be issued as restricted securities and as a result, it must bear
the economic risk of its investment in the securities for an indefinite period of time. 

Restricted Stock activity for the year ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

The weighted average restricted stock
award date fair value information for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows: 

For the year ended September 30, 2016,
compensation expense recorded for the restricted stock awards was approximately $212,000. 

On September 30, 2013, the Company entered into the Life
Sciences Accelerator Funding Agreement (the   MLSC Loan Agreement  ) with the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center
(  MLSC  ), pursuant to which MLSC provided an unsecured subordinated loan in the amount of $1,000,000 (the   MLSC
Loan  ). The loan bears interest at a rate of 10% per annum, and will become fully due and payable on the earlier of
(i) September 30, 2018, (ii) the occurrence of an event of default under the MLSC Loan Agreement, or (iii) the completion of a
sale of substantially all of our assets, a change-of-control transaction (a   Qualified Sale  ) or one or more
financing transactions in which we receive from third parties other than our then existing shareholders net proceeds of $5,000,000
or more in a 12-month period (a   Qualified Financing  ). The MLSC Loan Agreement includes warrants to purchase
145,985 shares of the Company s Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.27 per share. None of the warrants, which expire
on September 30, 2023, have been exercised as of September 30, 2015. 

Of
the $1,000,000, the Company allocated $944,707 to the loan and $55,293 to the warrants. The allocation of funds to the warrants
resulted in a discount on the loan, which is accreted to interest expense over the life of the loan. For the years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, approximately $11,000 of the loan discount was accreted to interest expense.  

On September 28, 2016, the Company and MLSC entered
into that certain Amendment Agreement to Arch Therapeutics, Inc. Accelerator Funding Agreement (the
  Amendment  ). Under the terms of the Amendment, (i) interest on the MLSC Loan will decrease from 10% per
annum to 7% per annum beginning October 3, 2016; and (ii) the MLSC Loan will now become due and payable on the earlier of
October 3, 2017 (the   Maturity Date  ), the occurrence of a Corporate Event (which is defined as the
occurrence of either a Qualified Sale or Qualified Financing), or  the occurrence of a Default (as defined in the promissory
note issued in connection with the MLSC Loan Agreement). In addition, under the terms of the Amendment, (a) beginning October
3, 2016, the Company will begin amortizing the principal and accrued interest under the MLSC Loan by making the first of 13
monthly payments of approximately $106,022, with the last payment scheduled to occur on the Maturity Date; and (b) the term
  Qualified Financing   is now defined to mean one or more financing transactions in which we receive, in a
single transaction or series of transactions, cumulative net proceeds of not less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) at
any time after October 3, 2016. As a result of the Amendment, the Company expects to reduce interest expenses that would
otherwise be incurred under the MLSC Loan Agreement by approximately $232,000 due to the effect of the amortization payments
and the lower 7% per annum interest rate. 

As of September 30, 2016 and 2015 the accreted balance of
the MLSC Loan was $977,882 and $966,824, respectively. 

12.      COMMITMENTS
                                         AND CONTINGENCIES   

In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into
various agreements containing standard indemnification provisions. The Company's indemnification obligations under such provisions
are typically in effect from the date of execution of the applicable agreement through the end of the applicable statute of limitations.
The aggregate maximum potential future liability of the Company under such indemnification provisions is uncertain. As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, no amounts have been accrued related to such indemnification provisions. 

From time to time, the Company may be exposed to litigation
in connection with its operations. The Company s policy is to assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes
related to legal matters, as well as ranges of probable losses. ` 

MIT Licensing Agreement  

In December, 2007, the Company entered into a license agreement
with MIT pursuant to which the Company acquired an exclusive world-wide license to develop and commercialize technology related
to self-assembling peptide compositions, and methods of making and using such compositions in medical and non-medical applications,
including claims that cover the Company s proposed products and methods of use thereof. The license also provides non-exclusive
rights to additional intellectual property in the fields that cover the Company s proposed products and methods of use thereof,
in order to provide freedom to operate. The license provides the Company a right to sublicense the exclusively licensed intellectual
property. The Company has not sublicensed the exclusively licensed intellectual property to any party for any field. 

In exchange for the licenses granted in the agreement, the
Company has paid MIT license maintenance fees and patent prosecution costs. The Company paid license maintenance fees of $50,000
to MIT in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and $45,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015. For the years ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the annual MIT license maintenance fees of $50,000 are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The license maintenance fees and patent prosecution costs cover the contract year beginning
January 1 thru December 31. 

Annual license maintenance obligations extend through the
life of the patents. The following table reflects the Company s annual license maintenance fee commitments: 

In addition, MIT is entitled to royalties on applicable
future product sales, if any. The annual payments may be applied towards royalties payable to MIT for that year for product sales. 

The Company is obligated to indemnify MIT and
related parties from losses arising from claims relating to the exercise of any rights granted to the Company under the license,
with certain exceptions. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under this provision
is unlimited. The Company considers there to be a low performance risk as of September 30, 2016. 

The agreement expires upon the expiration or abandonment
of all patents that are issued and licensed to the Company by MIT under such agreement. The Company expects that patents will
be issued from presently pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. Any such patent will have a term of 20 years from the filing
date of the underlying application. MIT may terminate the agreement immediately, if the Company ceases to carry on its business,
if any nonpayment by the Company is not cured or the Company commits a material breach that is not cured. The Company may terminate
the agreement for any reason upon six months  notice to MIT. 

Leases  

We do not own any real property. In October
2013, we entered into a one and one-half year operating sublease agreement pursuant to which we leased the office space of
our relocated headquarters in Wellesley, Massachusetts for a base annual rent equal to $5,031 per month. In April 2015, we
moved our corporate offices to a property in Framingham, Massachusetts. We entered into a month-to-month operating lease
agreement, pursuant to which we are obligated to pay monthly rent of $2,000, with a minimum six month commitment. We  are no
longer party to the October 2013 lease, and we believe our present offices are suitable for our current and planned
near-term operations. 

During the period commencing October
1, 2016 and ending on December 2, 2016 additional Series A warrants have been exercised for an aggregate issuance of 1,100,000
shares of the Company s Common Stock at and exercise price of $0.20 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of $220,000.
In addition, Series E warrants have been exercised for an aggregate issuance of 125,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock
at an exercise price of $0.438 per share, resulting in gross proceeds of $54,750. 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

The following exhibits are being filed with this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Incorporated By Reference    
 
       Exhibit   
      No.   
       
       Exhibit Title   
       
       Filed   
      Herewith   
       
       Form   
         
       Exhibit    
     No.   
         
       File No.   
         
       Filing Date    

24.1  
       
      Power
    of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto)   
       
      X  

31.1  
       
      Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934  
       
      X  

31.2  
       
      Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934  
       
      X  

32.1  
       
      Certification
    pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, executed by Terrence
    W. Norchi, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Richard E. Davis, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  
       
      X  

101.INS  
       
      XBRL
    Instance Document  
       
      X  

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
       
      X  

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  
       
      X  

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
       
      X  

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  
       
      X  

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  
       
      X  

Confidential treatment has been granted as to certain
portions of these Exhibits 

 # Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 v453828_ex23-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 23.1  

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

The Board of Directors 

 Arch Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiary 

 Wellesley, MA 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statements (Nos. 333-194745; 333-206873; and 333-212213) on Forms S-1, Registration Statements (Nos. 333-213878;
333-214347; 333-214349; and 333-214350) on Form S-3 and the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-193516; 333-201229; 333-207314;
and 333-214429) on Forms S-8 of our report dated December 5, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Arch Therapeutics,
Inc. and subsidiary, as of and for the years ending September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the heading
 Experts  in such Registration Statements. 

/s/ Moody,
    Famiglietti   Andronico, LLP  

Tewksbury, Massachusetts  

December 5, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v453828_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Terrence W. Norchi, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arch Therapeutics, Inc.;  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)    designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)  
      all significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
    and   

(b)  
      any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

December 5, 2016 

/s/
    Terrence W. Norchi  

Dr. Terrence W. Norchi  

President and Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive
    Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 v453828_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Richard E. Davis, certify that: 

1.    I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Arch Therapeutics, Inc.  

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a)  
      designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.    The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a)    all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and  

(b)  
      any fraud,
    whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

December
    5, 2016  

/s/
    Richard E. Davis  

Richard E. Davis  

Chief Financial
    Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal Financial
    Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 v453828_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as the specified officer
of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (the    Company   ) and to the best of his knowledge, that: 

(1)    the
Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016 (the    Report   ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

(2)    the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.  

Dated:
    December 5, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/
    Terrence W. Norchi  

Dr. Terrence
    W. Norchi  

President
    and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/
    Richard E. Davis  

Richard
    E. Davis  

Chief
    Financial Officer and Treasurer   

(Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer)   

This certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form
10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the
extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

A signed original of this certification required by Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that
appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 arth-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 arth-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 arth-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 arth-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 arth-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 arth-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

