<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161208_10-Q_edgar_data_19446_0001558370-16-010474_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9104323</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>139191</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>335282</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2791929</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3656434</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1615796</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-16-010474.hdr.sgml : 20161208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161208171529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-16-010474
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CANTEL MEDICAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000019446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				221760285
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31337
		FILM NUMBER:		162042189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OVERLOOK AT GREAT NOTCH
		STREET 2:		150 CLOVE ROAD
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-890-7220

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		OVERLOOK AT GREAT NOTCH
		STREET 2:		150 CLOVE ROAD
		CITY:			LITTLE FALLS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07424

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CANTEL INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STENDIG INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890425

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHARVOZ CARSEN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-16-010474.txt : 20161208

10-Q
 1
 cmn-20161031x10q.htm
 10-Q

cmn_Current folio_10Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C.   20549 

Form 10-Q 

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016. 

or 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from            to           . 

Commission file number:   001-31337 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

22-1760285  

(State or other jurisdiction of  

(I.R.S. employer  

incorporation or organization)  

identification no.)  

Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer    

Accelerated filer    

Non-accelerated filer    

Smaller reporting company    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes    No   

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as of November 30, 2016: 41,716,909. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Dollar Amounts in Thousands, Except Share Data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

2 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

(Dollar Amounts in Thousands, Except Per Share Data) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

3 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(Dollar Amounts in Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes. 

4 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Dollar Amounts in Thousands) 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes.  

5 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP  . 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

Note 1.      Basis of Presentation 

The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles for interim financial reporting and the requirements of Form 10-Q and Rule 10.01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include certain information and note disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles for annual financial reporting and should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Annual Report of Cantel Medical Corp. ( Cantel ) on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 (the  2016 Form 10-K ) and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere herein. 

The unaudited interim financial statements reflect all adjustments (of a normal and recurring nature) which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the results of operations for these periods. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. 

The Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at July 31, 2016 was derived from the audited Consolidated Balance Sheet of Cantel at that date. 

As more fully described in Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we operate our business through the following four operating segments: Endoscopy, Water Purification and Filtration, Healthcare Disposables and Dialysis.  

We operate our four operating segments through wholly-owned subsidiaries in the United States and internationally. Our principal operating subsidiaries in the United States are Medivators Inc., Mar Cor Purification, Inc., Crosstex International, Inc. and SPS Medical Supply Corp. Internationally, our primary operating subsidiaries include Cantel Medical (UK) Limited, Cantel (UK) Limited, Cantel Medical Asia/Pacific Pte. Ltd., Cantel Medical Devices (China) Co., Ltd., Biolab Equipment Ltd., Medivators B.V. and Cantel Medical (Italy) S.r.l. 

In our current fiscal year, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Accutron, Inc. ( Accutron ) on August 1, 2016 and certain net assets of Vantage Endoscopy Inc. ( Vantage ) on September 26, 2016, as more fully described in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financials Statements. 

In our prior fiscal year, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Medical Innovations Group Holdings Limited and certain affiliated companies (collectively,  MI ) on September 14, 2015 (the  MI Acquisition ) and certain net assets of North American Science Associates, Inc. s Sterility Assurance Monitoring Products division on March 1, 2016 (the  NAMSA Acquisition ), as more fully described in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

Throughout this document, references to  Cantel,   us,   we,   our,  and the  Company  are references to Cantel Medical Corp. and its subsidiaries, except where the context makes it clear the reference is to Cantel itself and not its subsidiaries. 

Subsequent Events  

On November 23, 2016, we entered into an acquisition agreement to purchase certain endoscopy-related net assets for approximately $10,000,000. This acquisition, anticipated to close during the third quarter of our fiscal 2017 subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions, will be included in our Endoscopy segment and is not expected to have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations.  

We performed a review of events subsequent to October 31, 2016. Based upon that review, no other subsequent events occurred that required updating to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements or disclosures. 

6 

Note 2.          Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In August 2016, the Financial Account Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,    Statement of Cash Flows    ( ASU 2016-15). This new guidance will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal year 2019). ASU 2016-15 will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case we would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-15 on our financial position and result of operations.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,    Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting    ( ASU 2016-09 ), which simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements. The new guidance also requires that all tax-related cash flows resulting from share-based payments to be reported as operating activities in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. We early adopted ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016 on a prospective basis. As a result, we no longer record excess tax benefits as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but effective August 1, 2016, we record such excess tax benefits as a reduction of income tax expense, which amounted to $2,241,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as further described in Notes 4 and 12 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, we elected to record excess tax benefits as an operating cash flow prospectively and not adjust the prior year period. As such, the current period excess tax benefits were reflected as an operating cash flow rather than a financing cash flow on our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2016. Furthermore, we have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures over the course of a vesting period since forfeitures have been insignificant historically. 

In February 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,    Leases (Topic 842)    ( ASU 2016-02 ).  The new guidance requires the recording of assets and liabilities arising from leases on the balance sheet accompanied by enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures in the notes to the financial statements.  The new guidance is expected to provide transparency of information and comparability among organizations. ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2018 (our fiscal year 2020), including interim periods within that reporting period.  Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual period. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 on our financial position and results of operations. 

In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16,    Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments (Topic 805)    ( ASU 2015-16 ). The new guidance requires an acquirer in a business combination to recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount, and eliminates the requirement for an acquirer to account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. The acquirer must also disclose the amounts and reasons for adjustments to the provisional amounts. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 (our fiscal year 2018), including interim periods within that reporting period.  Accordingly, we will adopt ASU 2015-06 in our first quarter of fiscal 2018. The adoption of ASU 2015-06 is not expected to have a significant impact upon on our financial position and results of operations. 

In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-11,    Inventory (Topic 330) Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,    ( ASU 2015-11 ).  The new guidance more closely aligns the measurement of inventory in U.S. GAAP with the measurement of inventory in International Financial Reporting Standards by requiring companies using the first-in, first-out and average costs methods to measure inventory using the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016 (our fiscal year 2018), including interim periods within that reporting period. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2015-11 on our financial position and results of operations. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),    ( ASU 2014-09 ), which will supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standards Codification 605,    Revenue Recognition.    ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments,   

7 

and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),    which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 (our fiscal year 2019), including interim periods within that reporting period. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12,    Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),    (ASU 2016-12), which provided narrow scope improvements and practical expedients relating to ASU 2014-09. We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of ASU 2014-09 and ASU 2016-12 on our financial position and results of operations. 

Note 3.    Acquisitions 

Fiscal 2017 

Vantage Endoscopy Inc. s Medivators  Endoscopy Business 

On September 26, 2016, we acquired certain net assets of Vantage related to its distribution and sale of our Medivators endoscopy products in Canada (the  Vantage Business  or the  Vantage Acquisition ).  Vantage was our exclusive distributor of Medivators capital equipment (e.g., automated endoscope reprocessors) and related consumables and accessories in Canada and had pre-acquisition adjusted annual revenues (unaudited) of approximately $11,000,000. The total consideration for the transaction, excluding acquisition-related costs, was $4,072,000, subject to net asset value adjustments. The Vantage Business is included in our Endoscopy segment. 

The principal reasons for the Vantage Acquisition were (i) to sell our Endoscopy products on a direct basis in Canada, one of our largest markets outside of the United States, (ii) the establishment of a platform in Canada where we can sell additional products on a direct basis such as our endoscopy procedure products and transport and storage systems and (iii) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to our earnings per share ( EPS ) in fiscal 2017 and beyond.  

The Vantage Business is included in our results of operations for the portion of the three months ended October 31, 2016 subsequent to its acquisition date and is not included in the three months ended October 31, 2015. This acquisition did not have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations in the three months ended October 31, 2016 due to the size of the acquisition in relation to our overall consolidated results of operations. 

Accutron, Inc.  

On August 1, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Accutron, a private company with pre-acquisition annual revenues (unaudited) of approximately $21,500,000 (the  Accutron Business  or the  Accutron Acquisition ).  The Accutron Business designs, manufactures and sells nitrous oxide conscious sedation equipment and single use nasal masks for use in dental procedures.  The total consideration for the transaction, excluding acquisition-related costs, was $52,500,000, plus an estimated net asset value adjustment payable of $617,000.  The Accutron Business is included in our Healthcare Disposables segment. 

The purchase price was preliminarily allocated to the assets acquired and assumed liabilities based on estimated fair values as follows: 

8 

There were no in-process research and development projects acquired in connection with the acquisition. The excess purchase price of $16,503,000 was assigned to goodwill. Such goodwill, all of which is deductible for income tax purposes, is included in our Healthcare Disposables segment. 

The principal reasons for the Accutron Acquisition were (i) to broaden our Healthcare Disposable segment s product portfolio by adding conscious sedation equipment and single-use nasal masks, (ii) the opportunity to cross-sell our existing Healthcare Disposable products, (iii) the addition of a high margin, branded product portfolio with compelling infection prevention benefits and (iv) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to our EPS in fiscal 2017 and beyond. Such reasons constitute the significant factors that contributed to a purchase price that resulted in recognition of goodwill.  

The Accutron Business is included in our results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and is not included in the three months ended October 31, 2015. This acquisition did not have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations in the three months ended October 31, 2016 due to the size of the acquisition in relation to our overall consolidated results of operations. 

Fiscal 2016 

North American Science Associates, Inc.  

On March 1, 2016, we acquired certain net assets of North American Science Associates, Inc. s Sterility Assurance Monitoring Products division, a business with pre-acquisition adjusted annual revenues (unaudited) of approximately $5,700,000 (the  NAMSA Business ). The business manufactures a broad suite of high-quality biological and chemical indicators which are used to accurately monitor the effectiveness of sterilization processes primarily for manufacturers of medical device, life science and other products. The total consideration for the transaction, excluding acquisition-related costs, was $13,424,000. The NAMSA Acquisition is included in our Healthcare Disposables segment.  

The principal reasons for the NAMSA Acquisition were (i) the ability to broaden our Healthcare Disposable segment s presence into the industrial market, (ii) the opportunity to cross-sell our existing Healthcare Disposable products, (iii) the strategic benefit and cost savings to our overall sterility assurance monitoring business, (iv) to enhance our new product development and overall research and development capabilities and (v) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to our EPS in fiscal 2017 and beyond. 

The NAMSA Business is included in our results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and is not included in the three months ended October 31, 2015. This acquisition did not have a significant effect on our consolidated results of operations in the three months ended October 31, 2016 due to the size of the acquisition in relation to our overall consolidated results of operations. 

Medical Innovations Group Holdings Limited  

On September 14, 2015, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of MI, a private company with pre-acquisition annual revenues (unaudited) of approximately $28,500,000 providing specialized endoscopy medical devices and products primarily in the United Kingdom (the  MI Business ). Principal products of MI include proprietary short-term and long-term endoscope transport and storage systems, a comprehensive range of endoscopic consumable accessories, OEM mobile medical carts, as well as specialized products for patient warming and patient transfer. With an employee base of approximately 100 individuals, including a complete sales organization and a manufacturing facility in Southend-on-Sea, England, the addition of MI complements our existing endoscopy business in the United States, the United Kingdom and other global markets. The MI Business is included in our Endoscopy segment. The total consideration for the transaction, excluding acquisition-related costs, was $79,597,000, net of an estimated $212,000 net asset value adjustment to be paid by the sellers. 

The principal reasons for the MI Acquisition were (i) the global expansion of our infection prevention and control product offerings in Endoscopy, (ii) the opportunity to sell our existing endoscopy products to MI s installed base, (iii) the ability to combine the MI sales force with our existing United Kingdom organization to create what we believe will be a dominant UK sales force in endoscopy product sales and service, (iv) to achieve cost savings through various operating synergies, (v) the ability to leverage our direct sales force to accelerate the growth of MI products in   

9 

the U.S. and various international markets, and (vi) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to our EPS in fiscal 2017 and beyond. Such reasons constitute the significant factors that contributed to a purchase price that resulted in recognition of goodwill. The MI Acquisition is included in our results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and the portion of the three months ended October 31, 2015 subsequent to its acquisition date. 

Note 4.       Stock-Based Compensation 

The following table shows the income statement components of stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income: 

The above stock-based compensation expense before income taxes was recorded in the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as stock-based compensation expense and an increase to additional paid-in capital and was determined based upon the award s fair value at the time the award was granted.   

Income tax benefits on stock-based compensation expense were recorded as an increase to deferred income tax assets (which are netted with deferred income tax liabilities) and a reduction to income tax expense. If certain criteria are met when options are exercised or restricted stock awards become vested, the Company is allowed a deduction on its United States income tax return. Accordingly, we account for the income tax effect on such income tax deductions as a reduction of previously recorded deferred income tax assets and as a reduction of income taxes payable.  

Excess tax benefits arise when the ultimate tax effect of the deduction for tax purposes is greater than the income tax benefit on stock-based compensation described above. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016, the differences noted above between actual tax deductions and the previously recorded deferred income tax assets were recorded as additional paid-in capital. For the three months ended October 31, 2015, income tax deductions of  $3,041,000 were generated, of which $1,552,000 were recorded as a reduction in income tax expense over the equity awards  vesting period and the remaining excess tax benefits of $1,489,000 were recorded as an increase to additional paid-in capital during the three months ended October 31, 2015. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, we no longer record excess tax benefits as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but record such excess tax benefits prospectively as a reduction of income tax expense. For the three months ended October 31, 2016, income tax deductions of $5,376,000 were generated, of which $3,135,000 were previously recorded as a reduction in income tax expense over the equity awards  vesting period and the remaining excess tax benefit of $2,241,000 was recorded as a reduction in income tax expense during the three months ended October 31, 2016. In addition, we elected to record excess tax benefits as an operating cash flow prospectively and not adjust the prior year period. As such, the current period excess tax benefits were reflected as an operating cash flow rather than a financing cash flow in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the three months ended October 31, 2016. 

All of our stock options and restricted stock awards are expected to be deductible for tax purposes, except for certain stock awards granted to employees residing outside of the United States, and were tax-effected using the Company s estimated U.S. effective tax rate at the time of grant. 

Our stock options and time-based stock awards are subject to graded vesting in which portions of the awards vest at different times during the vesting period, as opposed to awards that vest at the end of the vesting period. We   

10 

recognize compensation expense for awards subject to graded vesting using the straight-line basis over the vesting period.  

In October 2016, we granted for the first time to certain employees 12,810 equity awards with performance conditions and 9,800 equity awards with market conditions. The actual number of equity awards earned and eligible to vest will be determined based on the level of achievement against budgeted revenue and a defined gross profit percentage, with respect to the awards with performance conditions, and the Company s 3-year relative   total stockholder return performance as measured against the S P Healthcare Equipment Index, with respect to the awards with market conditions.   The maximum share attainment of these awards are 200% of the initial granted shares.   We recognize compensation expense for the awards with performance conditions using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award when it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved.   We record expense for the awards that are subject to market conditions ratably over the vesting period regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied. 

At October 31, 2016, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, before income taxes, related to total nonvested stock options and restricted stock awards was $14,242,000 with a remaining weighted average period of 25 months over which such expense is expected to be recognized. Most of our nonvested awards relate to restricted stock awards. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016, we have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures over the course of a vesting period. 

We determine the fair value of each time-based stock award and performance-based stock award by using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. We determine the fair value of each stock award with market conditions using the Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant using the following assumptions:  

A summary of nonvested stock award activity follows: 

11 

There were no option grants during the three months ended October 31, 2016. The fair value of each option grant in the prior year was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions: 

(1) 

Volatility was based on historical closing prices of our common stock.     

(2) 

The U.S. Treasury rate based on the expected life at the date of grant.     

(3) 

Based on historical exercise behavior.      

Additionally, all options were considered to be deductible for tax purposes in the valuation model. Such non-qualified options were tax-effected using the Company s estimated U.S. effective tax rate at the time of grant. For the three months ended October 31, 2015, these non-qualified options had a weighted average fair value of $26.49. 

There were no option exercises during the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Note 5.    Inventories, Net 

A summary of inventories is as follows: 

Note 6.    Derivatives 

We recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges must be adjusted to fair value through earnings. If the derivative is designated as a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative will either be offset against the change in the fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of a derivative that is designated as a hedge will be recognized immediately in earnings. As of October 31, 2016, all of our derivatives were designated as hedges. We do not hold any derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 

Changes in the value of the Euro, British Pound, Singapore dollar, Canadian dollar and the Chinese Renminbi against the United States dollar affect our results of operations because certain cash bank accounts, accounts receivable, and liabilities of Cantel and its subsidiaries are denominated and ultimately settled in United States dollars or these foreign currencies, but must be converted into each entity s functional currency. 

In order to hedge against the impact of fluctuations in the value of the Euro, British Pound and Singapore dollar relative to the United States dollar on the conversion of such net assets into the functional currencies, we enter into short-term contracts to purchase Euros, British Pounds, Canadian dollars and Singapore dollars forward, which contracts are one-month in duration. These short-term contracts are designated as fair value hedge instruments. There were eight   

12 

foreign currency forward contracts with an aggregate value of $10,500,000 at October 31, 2016, which covered certain assets and liabilities that were denominated in currencies other than each entity s functional currency. Such contracts expired on November 30, 2016. These foreign currency forward contracts are continually replaced with new one-month contracts as long as we have significant net assets that are denominated and ultimately settled in currencies other than each entity s functional currency. For the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, such forward contracts partially offset the impact on operations relating to certain assets and liabilities that were denominated in currencies other than each entity s functional currency resulting in net currency conversion loss, net of tax, of $50,000 and $92,000, respectively, on items hedged. Gains and losses related to hedging contracts to buy Euros, British Pounds, Canadian dollars and Singapore dollars forward are immediately realized within general and administrative expenses due to the short-term nature of such contracts. We do not currently hedge against the impact of fluctuations in the value of the Chinese Renminbi relative to the United States dollar because this specific foreign currency exposure is currently not deemed significant. Additionally, we do not hedge transactions associated with the funding of international acquisitions due to the short-term nature of the foreign currency exposure. 

Note 7.    Fair Value Measurements 

Fair Value Hierarchy 

We apply the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  ( ASC 820 ), for our financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value each reporting period and our nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value on a non-recurring basis. We define fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 establishes a three level fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in valuations, as defined below: 

Level 1: Observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

Our financial assets that are re-measured at fair value on a recurring basis include money market funds that are classified as cash and cash equivalents in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. These money market funds are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy and are valued using quoted market prices for identical assets. 

In connection with our June 2014 acquisition of a UK endoscopy company ( Cantel Medical (UK) ), we acquired a contingent guaranteed obligation to reimburse an endoscope service company for endoscope repair costs it incurs when servicing its customers  endoscopes that are damaged by one of Cantel Medical (UK) s discontinued endoscope reprocessing machine models. Although the terms of the guarantee provide for no limit to the maximum potential future payments, we estimated the fair value of the liability on the date of the acquisition to be approximately $1,414,000. This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observed in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement. The fair value of the contingent guaranteed obligation was based on the estimated cost to repair endoscopes that may be damaged by one of Cantel Medical (UK) s discontinued endoscope reprocessing machine models that remain in the marketplace, the historical frequency of claims and the likely timeframe that each machine will continue to be used. As such, the determination of the fair value of this contingent guaranteed obligation is subjective in nature and can be impacted by significant changes in third party service repair rates, the frequency of claims and a change in the expected life of these discontinued machines.  At the date of the acquisition, the cash flow projection relating to this contingent guaranteed obligation was discounted using a rate of 10.1%, which was based on the weighted average cost of capital of the acquired business plus a credit risk premium for non-performance risk. This liability is adjusted periodically by the reimbursement of repair costs, as well as recording changes in the fair value through our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income driven by the time value of money and changes in the assumptions that were initially used in the valuation. Given the subjective nature of the assumptions used in the determination of fair value, we may potentially have earnings volatility in our future results of operations. However, the largest factor for the   

13 

decrease in the initial fair value from $1,414,000 at June 30, 2014 to $349,000 at October 31, 2016 was the reimbursement of repair costs.  

On November 5, 2013, we recorded a $1,720,000 liability for the estimated fair value of an assumed contingent obligation payable to the Israeli Government relating to the acquisition of a private Israeli company that developed the Jet Prep      Endoscopic Flushing Device, a novel single-use irrigation and aspiration catheter to improve visualization during colonoscopy procedures ( Jet Prep ). This fair value measurement was based on significant inputs not observed in the market and thus represent Level 3 measurements. This liability is adjusted periodically by recording changes in the fair value through our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income driven by the time value of money and changes in assumptions that were initially used in the valuation. The different likely scenarios of future sales projections used in our fair value determination at October 31, 2016 along with the requirement to repay at least the original seed funding with interest to the Israeli Government resulted in a fair value of $1,138,000 at October 31, 2016.  

The fair values of the Company s financial instruments measured on a recurring basis were categorized as follows: 

14 

A reconciliation of our liabilities that are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the last five quarters is as follows: 

Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

We re-measure the fair value of certain assets, such as intangible assets, goodwill and long-lived assets, including property, equipment and other assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, and goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment at least annually, as further described in Note 8 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. As the inputs utilized for our periodic impairment assessments are not based on observable market data, but are based on management s assumptions and estimates, our goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy on a non-recurring basis. Management concluded on July 31, 2016 that none of our long-lived assets, including goodwill and intangibles with indefinite-lives, were impaired and no other events or changes in circumstances have occurred during the three months ended October 31, 2016 that would indicate that the carrying amount of our long-lived assets may not be recoverable. 

Disclosure of Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

As of October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the carrying amounts for cash and cash equivalents (excluding money markets), accounts receivable and accounts payable approximated fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments. We believe that as of October 31, 2016 and July 31, 2016, the fair value of our outstanding borrowings under our credit facility approximated the carrying value of those obligations since the borrowing rates were at prevailing market interest rates. 

15 

Note 8.    Intangible Assets and Goodwill 

Our intangible assets with definite lives consist primarily of customer relationships, technology, brand names, non-compete agreements and patents. These intangible assets are being amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets ranging from 3-20 years and have a weighted average amortization period of 13 years. Amortization expense related to intangible assets was $3,909,000 and $3,094,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives, and therefore are not amortized, consist of trademarks and trade names. 

The Company s intangible assets consist of the following: 

Estimated annual amortization expense of our intangible assets for the remainder for fiscal 2017 and the next five years is as follows: 

16 

Goodwill changed during fiscal 2016 and the three months ended October 31, 2016 as follows: 

On July 31, 2016, we performed impairment studies of the Company s goodwill and indefinite lived trademarks and trade names and concluded that such assets were not impaired. While the results of these annual reviews have historically not indicated impairment, impairment reviews are highly dependent on management s projections of our future operating results and cash flows (which management believes to be reasonable), discount rates based on the Company s weighted average cost of capital and appropriate benchmark peer companies. Assumptions used in determining future operating results and cash flows include current and expected market conditions and future sales forecasts. Subsequent changes in these assumptions and estimates could result in future impairment. Although we consistently use the same methods in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations, such estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. At July 31, 2016, the fair value of all of our reporting units exceeded book value by substantial amounts. However, we believe the most significant assumptions impacting the impairment assessment of Dialysis relate to the assumed rate in which annual sales will decline as well as the expected future operating efficiencies included in our projections of future operating results and cash flows of this segment. If future operating results and cash flows are substantially less than our projections, future impairment charges may be recorded. On October 31, 2016, management concluded that no events or changes in circumstances have occurred during the three months ended October 31, 2016 that would indicate that the carrying amount of our intangible assets and goodwill may not be recoverable. 

Note 9.    Warranties 

A summary of activity in the warranty reserves follows: 

The warranty provisions for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 relate principally to the Company s endoscope reprocessing and water purification equipment. Warranty reserves are included in accrued expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Note 10.    Financing Arrangements 

On March 4, 2014, we entered into a $250,000,000 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  2014 Credit Agreement ). The 2014 Credit Agreement includes a five-year $250,000,000 senior secured revolving facility with sublimits of up to $100,000,000 for borrowings in foreign currencies, $30,000,000 for letters of credit and $10,000,000 for swing line loans (the  2014 Revolving Credit Facility ). Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent including the consent of the lenders, the Company may from time to time increase the 2014 Revolving Credit   

17 

Facility by an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000. The senior lenders include Bank of America N.A. (the lead bank and administrative agent), PNC Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The 2014 Credit Agreement expires on March 4, 2019. Additionally, subject to certain restrictions and conditions (i) any of our domestic or foreign subsidiaries may become borrowers and (ii) borrowings may occur in multi-currencies. Furthermore, we incurred debt issuance costs of $1,318,000 relating to the 2014 Credit Agreement which was recorded in other assets along with the remaining unamortized debt issuance costs of $512,000 relating to our former revolving credit facility. The total of these two amounts is being amortized over the life of the 2014 Credit Agreement. At October 31, 2016, unamortized debt issuance costs recorded in other assets amounted to $854,000. 

Borrowings under the 2014 Credit Agreement bear interest at rates ranging from 0.25% to 1.25% above the lender s base rate, or at rates ranging from 1.25% to 2.25% above the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), depending upon the Company s  Consolidated Leverage Ratio,  which is defined as the consolidated ratio of total funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and as further adjusted under the terms of the 2014 Credit Agreement ( Consolidated EBITDA ). At October 31, 2016, the lender s base rate was 3.50% and the LIBOR rates ranged from 0.53% to 1.33%. The margins applicable to our outstanding borrowings were 0.25% above the lender s base rate or 1.25% above LIBOR. All of our outstanding borrowings were under LIBOR contracts at October 31, 2016. The 2014 Credit Agreement also provides for fees on the unused portion of our facility at rates ranging from 0.20% to 0.40%, depending upon our Consolidated Leverage Ratio; such rate was 0.20% at October 31, 2016. 

The 2014 Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants reasonably customary for similar credit facilities and is secured by (i) substantially all assets of Cantel and its United States-based subsidiaries, (ii) a pledge by Cantel of all of the outstanding shares of its United States-based subsidiaries and 65% of the outstanding shares of certain of Cantel s foreign-based subsidiaries and (iii) a guaranty by Cantel s domestic subsidiaries. We are in compliance with all financial and other covenants under the 2014 Credit Agreement.  

On October 31, 2016, we had $161,000,000 of outstanding borrowings under the 2014 Credit Agreement, none of which is required to be repaid until March 2019. 

Note 11.    Earnings Per Common Share 

Basic EPS is computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is computed based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year plus the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents using the treasury stock method and the average market price of our common stock for the year. 

We include participating securities (unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents) in the computation of EPS pursuant to the two-class method. Our participating securities consist solely of unvested restricted stock awards, which have contractual participation rights equivalent to those of stockholders of unrestricted common stock. The two-class method of computing earnings per share is an allocation method that calculates earnings per share for common stock and participating securities. 

18 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted EPS available to shareholders of common stock (excluding participating securities): 

A reconciliation of weighted average number of shares and common stock equivalents attributable to common stock, as determined above, to the Company s total weighted average number of shares and common stock equivalents, including participating securities, is set forth in the following table: 

19 

Note 12.      Income Taxes 

A reconciliation of the consolidated effective income tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2015 to the three months ended October 31, 2016 is as follows: 

The consolidated effective tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was favorably affected primarily by the recording of excess tax benefits relating to stock awards that vested in October 2016. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016, we no longer record excess tax benefits as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but record such excess tax benefits on a prospective basis as a reduction of income tax expense, which amounted to $2,241,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as further described in Notes 2 and 4 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Since most of our stock awards vest in October annually, we do not anticipate the recording of additional significant excess tax benefits for the remainder of fiscal 2017.   

We record liabilities for an unrecognized tax benefit when a tax benefit for an uncertain tax position is taken or expected to be taken on a tax return, but is not recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements because it does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold that the uncertain tax position would be sustained upon examination by the applicable taxing authority. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon settlement with the tax authorities. Any adjustments upon resolution of income tax uncertainties are recognized in our results of operations. Our policy is to record potential interest and penalties related to income tax positions in interest expense and general and administrative expense, respectively, in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. However, such amounts have historically been insignificant due to the minimal amount of our unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain tax positions. For the three months ended October 31, 2016 and fiscal 2016, we have not had any uncertain tax positions in which a liability would be recorded. 

The Company concluded an audit by the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) for fiscal years 2013 and 2012 and is currently undergoing an audit by the IRS for fiscal year 2015. With respect to state or foreign income tax examinations, we are generally no longer subject to examinations for fiscal years ended prior to July 31, 2008. 

20 

Note 13.    Commitments and Contingencies 

Long-Term Contractual Obligations 

As of October 31, 2016, aggregate annual required payments over the remaining fiscal year, the next four years and thereafter under our contractual obligations that have long-term components are as follows: 

(1) 

The expected interest payments under our credit facility reflect an interest rate of 2.01%, which was our weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings at October 31, 2016.     

(2) 

These future potential payments of an assumed contingent liability relate to the Jet Prep Acquisition, as further described in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and are reflected in the October 31, 2016 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at its net present value of $1,138,000 using a discount rate of 2.5%.     

(3) 

These future potential payments of a contingent guaranteed obligation relate to Cantel Medical (UK), as further described in Note 7 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, and are reflected in the October 31, 2016 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at its net present value of $349,000 using a discount rate of 10.1%.     

Operating Leases 

Minimum commitments under operating leases include minimum rental commitments for our leased manufacturing facilities, warehouses, office space and equipment. 

Compensation Agreements 

We have previously entered into various severance contracts with executives of the Company, including our corporate executive officers and certain of our subsidiary Presidents, which define certain compensation arrangements relating to various employment termination scenarios, and multi-year employment agreements with certain executive officers of businesses we have acquired. Additionally, in March 2016 we entered into a succession plan agreement, due to the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer who was succeeded on July 31, 2016, that requires a total of $4,500,000 in future payments, the majority of which will be paid in fiscal 2017.  

Other Long-Term Obligations 

In relation to the acquisition of our business in Italy on November 3, 2014, we assumed an $843,000 liability to the central bank of Italy as part of funding provided by an Italian government agency, of which $187,000 and $656,000 were recorded in accrued expenses and other long-term liabilities, respectively. Such amount was a portion of the financial support obtained from the Italian government s Ministry of Education, Universities and Research to fund research and development activity relating to the business s automated endoscope reprocessors. The liability is payable in semi-annual installments, bears interest at 0.25% per annum and has a maturity date of January 1, 2019. At October 31, 2016, $408,000 is outstanding, of which $162,000 is recorded in accrued expense and $246,000 is recorded in other long-term liabilities. Additionally, other long-term obligations include deferred compensation arrangements for certain former Medivators directors and officers and is recorded in other long-term liabilities. 

21 

Note 14.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

The components and changes in accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income were as follows: 

Note 15.    Operating Segments 

Cantel is a leading global company dedicated to delivering innovative infection prevention products and services for patients, caregivers, and other healthcare providers which improve outcomes, enhance safety and help save lives.  Our products include specialized medical device reprocessing systems for endoscopy and renal dialysis, advanced water purification equipment, sterilants, disinfectants and cleaners, sterility assurance monitoring products for hospitals and dental clinics, disposable infection control products primarily for dental and GI endoscopy markets, dialysate concentrates and hollow fiber membrane filtration and separation products. Additionally, we provide technical service for our products. 

We have determined our reportable business segments based upon an assessment of product types, organizational structure, customers and internally prepared financial statements. The primary factors used by us in analyzing segment performance are net sales and operating income. 

None of our customers accounted for 10% or more of our consolidated net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.   

The Company s segments are as follows:  

Endoscopy  , which includes medical device reprocessing systems, disinfectants, detergents and other supplies used to high-level disinfect rigid endoscopes, flexible endoscopes and other instrumentation and disposable infection control products intended to reduce the challenges with proper cleaning and high-level disinfection of numerous reusable components used in GI endoscopy procedures. In September 2015, this segment commenced the sale of endoscope transport and storage systems, and a number of endoscopy consumable accessories. Additionally, this segment includes technical maintenance service on its products. 

Water Purification and Filtration  , which includes water purification equipment and services, filtration and separation products and disinfectants, sterilization and decontamination products and services for the medical, pharmaceutical, biotech, beverage and commercial industrial markets. 

Two customers collectively accounted for approximately 46.3% of our Water Purification and Filtration segment net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016. 

Healthcare Disposables  , which includes single-use, infection prevention healthcare products including face masks, sterilization pouches, towels and bibs, tray covers, saliva ejectors, plastic cups, germicidal wipes and disinfectants, as well as products for maintaining safe dental unit waterlines. This segment also manufactures and sells biological and chemical indicators for sterility assurance monitoring services in the acute-care, alternate-care, dental and industrial (medical device, life science and other manufacturers) markets. In August 2016, this segment commenced the manufacture and sale of nitrous oxide conscious sedation equipment and related single-use disposable nasal masks. 

Four customers collectively accounted for approximately 51.6% of our Healthcare Disposables segment net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016.  

22 

Dialysis  , which includes medical device reprocessing systems, sterilants/disinfectants, dialysate concentrates and other supplies for renal dialysis. Additionally, this segment includes technical maintenance service on its products. 

Two customers accounted for approximately 45.5% of our Dialysis segment net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016. 

The operating segments follow the same accounting policies used for our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements as described in Note 2 to the 2016 Form 10-K. 

Information as to operating segments is summarized below: 

Note 16.       Legal Proceedings 

In the normal course of business, we are subject to pending and threatened legal actions. It is our policy to accrue for amounts related to these legal matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and an amount of anticipated exposure can be reasonably estimated. We do not believe that any of these pending claims or legal actions will have a material effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

23 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) is intended to help you understand Cantel Medical Corp. ( Cantel ). The MD A is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the accompanying notes. Our MD A includes the following sections: 

Overview   provides a brief description of our business and a summary of significant activity that has affected or may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Results of Operations   provides a discussion of the consolidated results of operations for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   provides an overview of our working capital, cash flows, financing and foreign currency activities. 

Critical Accounting Policies   provides a discussion of our accounting policies that require critical judgments, assumptions and estimates. 

Forward-Looking Statements   provides a discussion of cautionary factors that may affect future results. 

Overview 

Endoscopy  : Medical device reprocessing systems, disinfectants, detergents and other supplies used to high-level disinfect rigid endoscopes, flexible endoscopes and other instrumentation and disposable infection control products intended to reduce the challenges associated with proper cleaning and high-level disinfection of numerous reusable components used in gastrointestinal (GI) endoscopy procedures, pulmonary endoscopy and other procedures that require the reprocessing of medical equipment. In September 2015, this segment commenced the sale of endoscope transport and storage systems, and a number of endoscopy consumable accessories. Additionally, this segment includes technical maintenance service on its products.     

Water Purification and Filtration  : Water purification equipment and services, filtration and separation products, and disinfectants, sterilization and decontamination products and services for the medical, pharmaceutical, biotech, beverage and commercial industrial markets.     

Healthcare Disposables  : Single-use, infection prevention healthcare products including face masks, sterilization pouches, towels and bibs, tray covers, saliva ejectors, plastic cups, germicidal wipes and disinfectants, as well as a product for maintaining safe dental unit waterlines. This segment also manufactures and sells biological and chemical indicators for sterility assurance monitoring services in the acute-care, alternate-care, dental and industrial (medical device, life science and other manufacturers) markets. In August 2016, this segment commenced the manufacture and sale of nitrous oxide conscious sedation equipment and related single-use disposables.     

Dialysis  : Medical device reprocessing systems, sterilants/disinfectants, dialysate concentrates and other supplies for renal dialysis.     

Most of our equipment, consumables and supplies are used to help prevent the occurrence or spread of infections. 

See our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016 (the  2016 Form 10-K ) and our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional financial information regarding our reporting segments. 

24 

Significant Activity 

(i)  Some of our key financial results for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015 were as follows:  

After adjusting net income for amortization expense and atypical items, non-GAAP net income increased by 24.6% to $21,323,000 from $17,120,000, as further described and reconciled to net income in  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this MD A.     

Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense ( Adjusted EBITDAS ) increased by 25.1% to $40,584,000 from $32,446,000, as further described and reconciled to net income in  Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in this MD A.     

We continue to benefit from having a broad portfolio of infection prevention and control products sold into diverse business segments, where approximately 73% of our net sales are attributable to consumable products and service. The primary factors that contributed to this financial performance, as further described elsewhere in this MD A, were as follows: 

significantly higher sales and profitability in our Endoscopy segment principally due to (i) increases in demand for endoscope reprocessing equipment as well as higher margin products, such as disposable infection control products used in GI endoscopy procedures, and endoscope reprocessing disinfectants and service as a result of the increased field population of equipment and to a much lesser extent, (ii) the inclusion of sales of an acquisition completed in the first quarter of our prior fiscal year,     

higher sales and improved profitability in our Water Purification and Filtration segment primarily due to increases in demand for (i) our capital equipment in the dialysis industry attributable to the growing number of dialysis patients and clinics in the United States, and to a lesser extent, (ii) our water purification and filtration equipment used for commercial and industrial (large capital) applications,      

enhanced profitability in our Healthcare Disposables segment mainly due to (i) increased sales of higher margin products such as sterility assurance and waterline disinfection products, (ii) lower manufacturing costs and (iii) the inclusion of sales of recent acquisitions, and     

the recording of atypical tax benefits, which decreased our effective tax rate, as further explained within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A.      

The above factors were partially offset by: 

our strategic decision to invest in various growth initiatives designed to expand into new markets and gain or maintain market share in our three largest segments,      

the impact of costs associated with the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer, as further described within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A, and     

a decrease in net sales and profitability in our Dialysis segment.     

(ii)  We sell our dialysis products to a concentrated number of customers. Sales in our Dialysis segment have been adversely impacted in recent years by the decrease in demand for our products that are used by dialysis centers that reuse dialyzers, such as our sterilant products and RENATRON      reprocessing equipment. This   

25 

reduction in dialysis sales has reduced overall profitability in this segment relative to prior periods. Our market for dialysis reprocessing products is limited to dialysis centers that reuse dialyzers, which market has been decreasing in the United States despite the environmental advantages and our belief that the per-procedure cost of re-use dialyzers is more economical than single-use dialyzers. Based on discussions with customers, we expect the downward trend in re-use dialyzers in the United States will continue during the remainder of fiscal 2017 and thereafter. A substantial reduction of our dialysis re-use business will likely have a significant adverse effect on our dialysis segment and reduce our margins and net income in that segment as well as result in potential future impairments of long-lived assets.  Such reduction would also adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. See  Risk Factors  in the 2016 Form 10-K. 

(iii)  In our current fiscal year, we acquired (i) all the issued and outstanding stock of Accutron, Inc. ( Accutron ) on August 1, 2016 (the  Accutron Acquisition ) and (ii) certain net assets of Vantage Endoscopy Inc. ( Vantage ) related to the distribution and sale of our Medivators endoscopy products in Canada (the  Vantage Acquisition ), as more fully described in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(iv)   In our prior fiscal year, we acquired all (i) of the issued and outstanding stock of Medical Innovations Group Holdings Limited and certain affiliated companies (collectively,  MI ) on September 14, 2015 (the  MI Acquisition ) and (ii) certain net assets of North American Science Associates, Inc. s Sterility Assurance Monitoring Products division on March 1, 2016 (the  NAMSA Acquisition ), as more fully described in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

(v)  In December 2015, a law was enacted that included a two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax, which favorably impacts our gross profit, as more fully described elsewhere in this MD A. 

(vi)  On October 14, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a 17% increase in the semiannual cash dividend to $0.07 per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on January 31, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 17, 2017, as more fully described elsewhere in this MD A. 

Results of Operations 

The results of operations described below reflect the operating results of Cantel and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The following tables give information as to the net sales by reporting segment and geography (which represent the geographic area from which the Company derives its net sales from external customers), as well as the related percentage of such sales to the total net sales. 

26 

The following table gives information as to the amount of operating income, as well as operating income as a percentage of net sales, for each of our reporting segments. 

Net Sales 

Total net sales increased by $33,946,000, or 22.1%, to $187,725,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $153,779,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The 22.1% increase in net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 includes (i) a 15.8% increase in organic sales, (ii) a 7.2% increase in sales due to acquisitions and (iii) a 0.9% decrease due to foreign currency translation. 

International net sales increased by $2,520,000, or 7.3% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. The 7.3% increase in net sales consist of (i) an increase of 1.5% in organic net sales, (ii) an increase of 9.9% in net sales due to acquisitions and (iii) a decrease of 4.1% in net sales due to foreign currency translation. 

The increase in both domestic and international organic net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to increases in net sales of our endoscopy products and services. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit increased by $18,309,000, or 25.7%, to $89,507,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $71,198,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was 47.7% and 46.3%, respectively.  

The higher gross profit as a percentage of net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, was primarily attributable to (i) more favorable sales mix due to increases in sales volume of certain products that carry higher gross margin percentages such as our sterility assurance and waterline disinfection products in our Healthcare Disposables segment and procedure room products and disinfectants in our Endoscopy segment, (ii) lower manufacturing costs primarily due to cost control initiatives and (iii) a decrease of $1,178,000, in medical device excise tax due to the recent moratorium, as further explained below, partially offset by an increase in net sales of lower margin capital equipment primarily in our Endoscopy and Water Purification and Filtration segments. 

In December 2015, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 was signed into law and included a two-year moratorium effective January 1, 2016 on the medical device excise tax, which was a tax on medical device makers in the form of a 2.3% excise tax on all U.S. medical device sales. A significant portion of our net sales are considered U.S. medical device sales and therefore our gross profit percentage will continue to be favorably impacted by this moratorium until the two-year moratorium expires. However, we are investing a significant portion of the savings from this moratorium into sales and marketing and product development initiatives. 

We cannot provide assurances that our gross profit percentage will not be adversely affected in the future (i) by uncertainties associated with our product mix, (ii) by price competition, (iii) by legislation relating to the medical device excise tax or (iv) if raw materials and distribution costs increase and we are unable to implement offsetting price increases. 

27 

Operating Expenses 

Selling expenses increased by $6,433,000, or 30.0%, to $27,893,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $21,460,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015 primarily due to (i) increased sales and marketing initiatives to expand into new markets, including international markets, and to gain or maintain market share by hiring and training additional sales and marketing personnel and increasing travel budgets in our Endoscopy and Healthcare Disposables segments, (ii) the inclusion of selling and marketing expenses of acquisitions, and (iii) increases in annual salaries.  

Selling expenses as a percentage of net sales was 14.9% and 14.0% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

General and administrative expenses increased by $7,806,000, or 35.2%, to $30,003,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $22,197,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015 primarily due to (i) costs associated with the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer, as further described within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A, (ii) the inclusion of general and administrative expenses of our acquisitions including increased amortization expense, (iii) increases in annual salaries and incentive compensation including stock-based compensation and (iv) the addition of internal and external resources to address various growth initiatives and compliance requirements.  

Excluding (i) current and prior year amortization expense, (ii) current and prior year acquisition related items such as transaction and integration charges and fair value adjustments and (iii) current year costs associated with the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer, as further described within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A, general and administrative expenses increased by $4,824,000, or 26.2% to $23,253,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016. Almost half of these increases are attributable to the inclusion of general and administrative expenses of our acquisitions. 

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales were 16.0% and 14.4% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015. 

Research and development expenses (which include continuing engineering costs) increased by $783,000, or 20.8%, to $4,548,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $3,765,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. The increase for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was primarily due to additional product development initiatives primarily in our Endoscopy segment. 

Research and development expense as a percentage of net sales were 2.4% and 2.5% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Interest 

Interest expense increased by $346,000 to $1,112,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $766,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015, as a result of an increase in the average outstanding borrowings due to the funding of recent acquisitions.  

Interest income decreased by $2,000 to $19,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016 from $21,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2015. 

28 

Income Taxes 

A reconciliation of the consolidated effective income tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2015 to the three months ended October 31, 2016 is as follows: 

The consolidated effective tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was favorably affected primarily by the recording of excess tax benefits relating to stock awards that vested in October 2016. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016, we no longer record excess tax benefits as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but record such excess tax benefits on a prospective basis as a reduction of income tax expense, which amounted to $2,241,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as further described in Notes 2 and 4 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and in Critical Accounting Policies elsewhere in this MD A. Since most of our stock awards vest in October annually, we do not anticipate the recording of additional significant excess tax benefits for the remainder of fiscal 2017.   

Endoscopy Segment 

Net sales of endoscopy products and services increased by $22,186,000, or 31.0% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. The 31.0% increase in net sales consist of (i) increases of 27.4% in organic net sales, (ii) increases of 5.6% in net sales due to acquisitions and (iii) decreases of 2.0% in net sales due to foreign currency translation. The increase in organic net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was primarily due to increases in demand in the United States and internationally for our (i) procedure room products (disposable infection control products used in GI endoscopy procedures) due to sales and marketing efforts, (ii) endoscope reprocessing equipment due to our sales and marketing programs and (iii) disinfectants and service due to the increase in the installed base of endoscope reprocessing equipment. We expect sales of disinfectants, service, filters and equipment accessories, most of which carry higher margins, to continue to benefit as we increase the installed base of endoscope reprocessing equipment. These increases were partially offset by overall lower selling prices principally related to endoscopy reprocessing equipment and procedure room products as a result of our strategic growth plan and increased competition. 

The Endoscopy segment s operating income increased by $5,102,000, or 41.0% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to increases in sales in the United States and internationally for our endoscopy products and services, as further explained above, partially offset by increased investment in our sales team and other selling initiatives as well as increases in annual salaries, personnel and incentive compensation. Excluding amortization expense as well as atypical items relating to current and prior year acquisition related items, as further described within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A, the Endoscopy segment s operating income increased by $4,989,000, or 32.9% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. 

Water Purification and Filtration Segment 

Net sales of water purification and filtration products and services increased by $5,161,000, or 11.5%, for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015 due to increases in demand for (i) our capital equipment in the dialysis industry attributable to the growing number of dialysis patients and   

29 

clinics in the United States, and to a lesser extent, (ii) our water purification and filtration equipment used for commercial and industrial (large capital) applications.  

The Water Purification and Filtration segment s operating income increased by $1,107,000 or 14.2% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily as a result of higher sales of lower margin capital equipment, as further explained above.  

Healthcare Disposables Segment 

Net sales of healthcare disposables products increased by $9,447,000, or 34.5% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. The 34.5% increase in net sales consist of (i) an increase of 8.5% in organic net sales and (ii) an increase of 26.0% in net sales due to acquisitions. The increase in organic net sales for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was primarily due to an increase in demand for higher margin products such as sterility assurance and waterline disinfection products.  

The Healthcare Disposables segment s operating income increased by $1,036,000, or 16.3% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to (i) the increase in higher margin sales, as further explained above, (ii) the inclusion of the Accutron and NAMSA Acquisitions and (iii) lower manufacturing costs, partially offset by increases to annual salaries and the hiring of additional sales personnel. Excluding amortization expense, and to a much lesser extent acquisition related items, as further described within Non-GAAP Financial Measures elsewhere in this MD A, the Healthcare Disposables segment s operating income increased by $2,151,000, or 31.1% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015. 

Dialysis Segment 

Net sales of dialysis products and services decreased by $2,848,000, or 28.3% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, principally due to decreases in demand for (i) our lower margin concentrate product internationally and (ii) our sterilant product and RENATRON      reprocessing equipment both internationally and in the United States due to the market shift from reusable to single-use dialyzers, as further described elsewhere in this MD A. 

The Dialysis segment s operating income decreased by $874,000, or 32.5% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015,  primarily due to the decrease in net sales, as further explained above.  

Sales in our Dialysis segment in recent years have been adversely impacted by the decrease in demand for our sterilants and RENATRON      reprocessing equipment principally due to the shift from reusable to single-use dialyzers as a result of the declining cost of single-use dialyzers, the ease of using a dialyzer one time, and the commitment of Fresenius Medical Care, the largest dialysis provider chain in the United States and a manufacturer of single-use dialyzers, to convert dialysis clinics performing reuse to single-use facilities. In addition, DaVita, a customer who accounted for approximately 12.0% of net sales in this segment, has converted certain clinics from reuse to single-use and in many cases utilizes single-use when opening new clinics. Based on discussions with customers, we expect the downward trend in reuse dialyzers in the United States to continue during the remainder of fiscal 2017 and thereafter. A substantial decrease in the market for reprocessing products is likely to result in a significant loss of net sales and a lower level of profitability and operating cash flow in this segment in the future as well as potential future impairments of long-lived assets. Such reduction would also adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. See  Risk Factors  in our 2016 Form 10-K. 

General Corporate Expenses 

General corporate expenses relate to unallocated corporate costs primarily related to executive management personnel as well as costs associated with certain facets of our acquisition program and being a publicly traded company. Such expenses increased by $3,084,000, or 55.6% for the three months ended October 31, 2016 compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to (i) $1,937,000 of costs recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 associated with the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer, (ii) the addition of internal and external   

30 

resources to address various growth initiatives and compliance requirements and (iii) increases in annual salaries and incentive compensation, including stock-based compensation expense. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

In evaluating our operating performance, we supplement the reporting of our financial information determined under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) with certain internally driven non-GAAP financial measures, namely (i) non-GAAP net income, (ii) non-GAAP diluted earnings per share ( EPS ), (iii) income before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock-based compensation expense ( EBITDAS ), (iv) EBITDAS adjusted for atypical items ( Adjusted EBITDAS ), (v) net debt and (vi) organic sales. These non-GAAP financial measures are indicators of the Company s performance that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP. They are presented with the intent of providing greater transparency to financial information used by us in our financial analysis and operational decision-making. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide meaningful information to assist investors, shareholders and other readers of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in making comparisons to our historical operating results and analyzing the underlying performance of our results of operations. These non-GAAP financial measures are not intended to be, and should not be, considered separately from, or as an alternative to, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 

We define non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS as net income and diluted EPS, respectively, adjusted to exclude amortization, acquisition related items, significant reorganization and restructuring charges, major tax events and other significant items management deems atypical or non-operating in nature. 

For the three months ended October 31, 2016, we made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense, (ii) significant acquisition related items impacting current operating performance including legal, transaction and integration charges, (iii) costs associated with the planned retirement of our former Chief Executive Officer and (iv) the favorable impact of atypical income tax benefits to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS.  

For the three months ended October 31, 2015, we made adjustments to net income and diluted EPS to exclude (i) amortization expense and (ii) significant acquisition related items to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS.  

Amortization expense is a non-cash expense related to intangibles that were primarily the result of business acquisitions. Our history of acquiring businesses has resulted in significant increases in amortization of intangible assets that reduced the Company s net income. The removal of amortization from our overall operating performance helps in assessing our cash generated from operations including our return on invested capital, which we believe is an important analysis for measuring our ability to generate cash and invest in our continued growth. 

Acquisition related items consist of (i) prior year fair value adjustments to contingent consideration and other contingent liabilities resulting from acquisitions, (ii) due diligence, integration, legal charges and other transaction costs associated with our acquisition program and (iii) acquisition accounting charges for the amortization of the initial fair value adjustments of acquired inventory and deferred revenue. The adjustments of contingent consideration and other contingent liabilities are periodic adjustments to record such amounts at fair value at each balance sheet date. Given the subjective nature of the assumptions used in the determination of fair value calculations, fair value adjustments may potentially cause significant earnings volatility that are not representative of our operating results. Similarly, due diligence, integration, legal and other acquisition costs associated with our acquisition program, including acquisition accounting charges relating to recording acquired inventory and deferred revenue at fair market value, can be significant and also adversely impact our effective tax rate as certain costs are often not tax-deductible. Since all of these acquisition related items are atypical and often mask underlying operating performance, we excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-GAAP financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to past operating performance.  

In fiscal 2016, we announced the retirement of our Chief Executive Officer and recorded costs associated with his planned retirement in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in the second half of fiscal 2016 and the three months ended October 31, 2016. Since these costs are atypical and masks our underlying operating performance, we made an adjustment to our net income and EPS for the three months ended October 31, 2016 to exclude such costs to arrive at our non-GAAP financial measures. 

31 

The consolidated effective tax rate for the three months ended October 31, 2016 was favorably affected by the recording of excess tax benefits relating to stock awards that vested in October 2016. As a result of the adoption of a new accounting pronouncement on August 1, 2016, we no longer record excess tax benefits as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but record such excess tax benefits on a prospective basis as a reduction of income tax expense, which amounted to $2,241,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2016, as further described in Notes 2 and 4 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and elsewhere in this MD A. Since most of our stock awards vest in October annually, we do not anticipate the recording of additional significant excess tax benefits for the remainder of fiscal 2017. The magnitude of the impact of excess tax benefits generated in the future, which may be favorable or unfavorable, are dependent upon the Company s future grants of stock-based compensation, the Company s future stock price on the date awards vest in relation to the fair value of awards on grant date and the exercise behavior of the Company s option holders. Since these favorable tax benefits are largely unrelated to our current year s income before taxes and is unrepresentative of our normal effective tax rate, we excluded its impact on net income and EPS for the three months ended October 31, 2016 for the purposes of calculating these non-GAAP financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current performance and a comparison to past performance. 

The reconciliations of net income to non-GAAP net income were calculated as follows: 

(1) 

Amounts are recorded in general and administrative expenses.     

(2) 

For the three months ended October 31, 2016, acquisition related items of $170 were recorded in cost of sales and $905 were recorded in general administrative expenses. For the three months ended October 31, 2015, acquisition related items of $260 were recorded in cost of sales and $674 were recorded in general administrative expenses.     

(3) 

Amounts are recorded in income taxes.     

The reconciliations of diluted EPS to non-GAAP diluted EPS were calculated as follows: 

(1) 

The summation of each diluted EPS amount does not equal the non-GAAP diluted EPS due to rounding.     

We believe EBITDAS is an important valuation measurement for management and investors given the increasing effect that non-cash charges, such as stock-based compensation, amortization related to acquisitions and   

32 

depreciation of capital equipment, has on the Company s net income. In particular, acquisitions have historically resulted in significant increases in amortization of intangible assets that reduce the Company s net income. Additionally, we regard EBITDAS as a useful measure of operating performance and cash flow before the effect of interest expense and is a complement to operating income, net income and other GAAP financial performance measures. 

We define Adjusted EBITDAS as EBITDAS excluding the same atypical items as previously described as adjustments to net income. We use Adjusted EBITDAS when evaluating the operating performance of the Company because we believe the exclusion of such atypical items, of which a significant portion are non-cash items, is necessary to provide the most accurate measure of on-going core operating results and to evaluate comparative results period over period. 

The reconciliations of net income to EBITDAS and Adjusted EBITDAS were calculated as follows: 

We define net debt as long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents. Each of the components of net debt appears in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that the presentation of net debt provides useful information to investors because we review net debt as part of our management of our overall liquidity, financial flexibility, capital structure and leverage. 

The reconciliations of debt with net debt were calculated as follows: 

The increase in net debt was the result of an increase in the average outstanding borrowings due to the funding of the Accutron Acquisition in August 2016 and the Vantage Acquisition in September 2016, partially offset by repayments. 

We define organic sales as net sales, calculated according to United States GAAP, less (i) the impact of foreign currency translation and (ii) net sales related to acquired businesses during the first twelve months of ownership and divestures during the periods being compared. We believe that reporting organic sales provides useful information to investors by helping identify underlying growth trends in our business and facilitating easier comparisons of our revenue performance with prior periods. We exclude the effect of foreign currency translation from organic sales because foreign currency translation is not under management s control, is subject to volatility and can obscure underlying business   

33 

trends. We exclude the effect of acquisitions because the nature, size, and number of acquisitions can vary dramatically from period to period and can obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of financial performance difficult. The reconciliation of net sales to organic sales can be found in  Results of Operations  elsewhere in this MD A. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Working Capital 

At October 31, 2016, our working capital was $132,964,000, compared with $126,407,000 at July 31, 2016. The increase was primarily due to the impact of the Accutron Acquisition, as further explained in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Cash Flows from Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 

The significant components of our cash flows were calculated as follows: 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $9,793,000, or 64.8%, for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to the increase in net income (after adjusting primarily for depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense, fair value adjustments of acquisition related liabilities and deferred income taxes).  

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities decreased by $17,354,000, or 20.9% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to less acquisition related cash consideration in the current period compared to the prior period. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $28,567,000, or 42.4% for the three months ended October 31, 2016, compared with the three months ended October 31, 2015, primarily due to less borrowings under our credit facility to fund acquisitions in the current period, compared to borrowing to fund the acquisitions in the prior period. 

Cash Dividends 

On October 14, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a 17% increase in the semiannual cash dividend to $0.07 per share of outstanding common stock, which will be paid on January 31, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on January 17, 2017. Future declaration of dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of the Company s Board of Directors. 

Credit Facility 

On March 4, 2014, we entered into a $250,000,000 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  2014 Credit Agreement ). The 2014 Credit Agreement includes a five-year $250,000,000 senior secured revolving facility with sublimits of up to $100,000,000 for borrowings in foreign currencies, $30,000,000 for letters of credit and   

34 

$10,000,000 for swing line loans (the  2014 Revolving Credit Facility ).  Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent including the consent of the lenders, the Company may from time to time increase the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility by an aggregate amount not to exceed $100,000,000. The senior lenders include Bank of America N.A. (the lead bank and administrative agent), PNC Bank, National Association, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. The 2014 Credit Agreement expires on March 4, 2019. Additionally, subject to certain restrictions and conditions (i) any of our domestic or foreign subsidiaries may become borrowers and (ii) borrowings may occur in multi-currencies. 

Borrowings under the 2014 Credit Agreement bear interest at rates ranging from 0.25% to 1.25% above the lender s base rate, or at rates ranging from 1.25% to 2.25% above the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ), depending upon the Company s  Consolidated Leverage Ratio,  which is defined as the consolidated ratio of total funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and as further adjusted under the terms of the 2014 Credit Agreement ( Consolidated EBITDA ). At November 30, 2016, the lender s base rate was 3.50% and the LIBOR rates ranged from 0.53% to 1.33%. The margins applicable to our outstanding borrowings were 0.25% above the lender s base rate or 1.25% above LIBOR. All of our outstanding borrowings were under LIBOR contracts at November 30, 2016. The 2014 Credit Agreement also provides for fees on the unused portion of our facility at rates ranging from 0.20% to 0.40%, depending upon our Consolidated Leverage Ratio; such rate was 0.20% at November 30, 2016. 

The 2014 Credit Agreement contains affirmative and negative covenants reasonably customary for similar credit facilities and is secured by (i) substantially all assets of Cantel and its United States-based subsidiaries, (ii) a pledge by Cantel of all of the outstanding shares of its United States-based subsidiaries and 65% of the outstanding shares of certain of Cantel s foreign-based subsidiaries, and (iii) a guaranty by Cantel s domestic subsidiaries. We are in compliance with all financial and other covenants under the 2014 Credit Agreement. 

On October 31, 2016, we had $161,000,000 of outstanding borrowings under the 2014 Credit Agreement, none of which is required to be repaid until March 2019. 

Financing Needs 

Our operating segments generate significant cash from operations. At October 31, 2016 we had a cash balance of $26,135,000, of which $9,550,000 was held by foreign subsidiaries. Our foreign cash is needed by our foreign subsidiaries for working capital purposes as well as for current international growth initiatives. Accordingly, our foreign unremitted earnings are considered permanently reinvested and unavailable for repatriation. 

We believe that our current cash position, anticipated cash flows from operations and the funds available under our 2014 Credit Agreement will be sufficient to satisfy our worldwide cash operating requirements for the foreseeable future based upon our existing operations, particularly given that we historically have not needed to borrow for working capital purposes. At December 8, 2016, $89,000,000 was available under our 2014 Credit Agreement. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we continually evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Information related to our critical accounting policies, estimates, and assumptions is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016. Our critical accounting policies, estimates, and assumptions have not changed materially from July 31, 2016, except for stock-based compensation and related income taxes due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-09,    Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,    ( ASU 2016-09 ) and, for the first time, the issuance of performance-based stock-awards, as more fully explained below and in Notes 2 and 4 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

35 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Stock compensation expense is recognized for any option or stock award grant based upon the award s fair value. Our stock options and time-based stock awards are subject to graded vesting in which portions of the awards vest at different times during the vesting period, as opposed to awards that vest at the end of the vesting period. We recognize compensation expense for such awards subject to graded vesting using the straight-line basis over the vesting period. In October 2016, we granted for the first time to certain employess equity awards with performance conditions and equity awards with market conditions. The actual number of equity awards earned and eligible to vest will be determined based on the level of achievement against budgeted revenue and a defined gross profit percentage, with respect to the awards with performance conditions, and the Company s 3-year relative total stockholder return performance as measured against the S P Healthcare Equipment Index, with respect to the awards with market conditions. The maximum share attainment of these awards are 200% of the initial granted shares.   We recognize compensation expense for the awards with performance conditions using the accelerated attribution method over the requisite service period for each separately vesting portion of the award when it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved.   We record expense for the awards that are subject to market conditions ratably over the vesting period regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied.     As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09 on August 1, 2016, we have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures over the course of a vesting period. 

We determine the fair value of each time-based stock award and stock award with a performance condition by using the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant. We determine the fair value of each stock award with market conditions using the Monte Carlo simulation model on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of each option grant on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The determination of fair value using valuation models is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of subjective variables. These variables may include, but are not limited to, the expected stock price volatility over the term of the expected equity award life, the expected dividend yield, the expected equity award life, the probability of meeting performance objectives and the stock price of our peers in the S P Healthcare Equipment Index. The stock-based compensation expense recorded in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements may not be representative of the effect of stock-based compensation expense in future periods due to the level of awards issued in past years (which level may not be similar in the future), modifications to existing awards, accelerated vesting related to certain employment terminations, the level of forfeitures, the ability to meet performance objectives and assumptions used in determining fair value. 

In addition, as a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-09, we no longer record excess tax benefits relating to stock-based compensation as an increase to additional paid-in capital, but effective August 1, 2016, we record such excess tax benefits as a reduction of income tax expense, which amounted to $2,241,000, or $0.05 in earnings per share, for the three months ended October 31, 2016 favorably impacting our effective tax rate and net income, as further described elsewhere in this MD A and in Notes 4 and 12 of the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The magnitude of such impacts, which may be favorable or unfavorable in the future, are dependent upon the Company s future grants of stock-based compensation, the Company s future stock price on the date awards vest compared to the fair value of awards on grant date and the exercise behavior of the Company s option holders. 

Forward Looking Statements 

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  as that term is defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, or forecasts about our businesses, the industries in which we operate, and the current beliefs and assumptions of management; they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.  Without limiting the foregoing, words or phrases such as  expect,   anticipate,   goal,   will continue,   project,   intend,   plan,   believe,   seek,    may,   could,  and variations of such words and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements.   In addition, any statements that refer to predictions or projections of our future financial performance, anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions about future events, activities or developments and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict.  We caution that undue reliance should not be placed on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  Some of the factors which could cause results to differ from those expressed in any forward-looking statement are set forth under Item 1A of the 2016 Form 10-K, entitled Risk Factors. We expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in our   

36 

expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 

For these statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

There have been no material changes in information reported in Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our 2016 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer each concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

We have evaluated our internal controls over financial reporting and determined that no changes occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting, except as described below. 

On August 1, 2016, we acquired Accutron, as more fully described in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. During the initial transition period following the acquisition, we enhanced our internal control process to ensure that all financial information related to this acquisition was properly reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect all aspects of the Accutron business will be fully integrated into our existing overall internal control structure by the end of fiscal 2017. 

37 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 

There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in Part I, Item 1A to our 2016 Form 10 K. The risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A to our 2016 Form 10-K, in addition to the other information set forth in this report, could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

ITEM 2.  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

The following table represents information with respect to purchases of common stock made by the Company during the current quarter: 

The Company does not currently have a repurchase program. All of the shares purchased during the current quarter represent shares surrendered to the Company to pay employee withholding taxes due upon the vesting of restricted stock. 

ITEM 3.  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM 5.  OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

38 

ITEM 6.  EXHIBITS 

10(a)  

31.1  

-  

-    

Succession Plan Agreement dated as of March 17, 2016 between Registrant and Andrew A. Krakauer.   

Certification of Principal Executive Officer.  

31.2  

-  

Certification of Principal Financial Officer.  

32  

-  

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101  

-  

The following materials from this report, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.  

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP.  

Date: December 8, 2016  

By:   

/s/ Jorgen B. Hansen  

Jorgen B. Hansen,  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

By:   

/s/ Peter G. Clifford  

Peter G. Clifford,  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

By:   

/s/ Steven C. Anaya  

Steven C. Anaya,  

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer  

(Principal Accounting Officer)  

40 

<EX-10.A>
 2
 cmn_ex10a.htm
 EX-10.A

cmn_Ex10_a

Exhibit 10(a) 

To:  

Andrew A. Krakauer  

From:  

Board of Directors  

Date:  

October 11, 2016  

RE:  

SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE  

Andy:   

Reference is hereby made to the Succession Plan Agreement by and between you and Cantel Medical Corp. ( Cantel  or the  Company ) dated March 17, 2016 (the   Succession Agreement ).  Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as defined in the Succession Agreement.  You are signing this Separation Agreement and General Release (this  Agreement ) on or within twenty-one (21) days after your Retirement Date (as defined below) in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Succession Agreement and this Agreement.   

This Agreement confirms that your agreed-upon retirement and termination of employment with Cantel will be effective on October 15, 2016 (the  Retirement Date ).  This Agreement confirms your final pay and benefits and confirms the compensation you will receive if you sign and return the original of this Agreement to the Company in the time frame noted below except as otherwise provided in the Succession Agreement.   

Your final pay and benefits are as follows: 

Base Salary; PTO  . Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, the effective date of your termination of employment is the Retirement Date specified above.  Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, you will be paid your accrued and unpaid base salary as well as your accrued and unused paid time off ( PTO ) (inclusive of carryover PTO of up to 10 days), if any, through such date.     

STIP  .  You were entitled to participate in Cantel s Annual Incentive Compensation Plan or any successor plan (the  STIP ) for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2016 ( Fiscal 2016 ).  You acknowledge that your annual bonus for Fiscal 2016 under the STIP has been paid in full.  You acknowledge that you are not eligible for any bonus, other incentive compensation or equity compensation with respect to any period during the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017 (including for the period from August 1, 2016 through the Retirement Date) or thereafter.      

Benefits  .  Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, following the Retirement Date you will have the option to elect to continue your medical and dental benefits under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ) for 18 months or other applicable COBRA continuation period. You will receive COBRA information from Acclaim Benefits, our COBRA      

1 

Administrator, within fourteen (14) days of your last date of employment, which will include information regarding the payment of your portion of the premiums you will be required to pay for those benefits.  All other benefits including, but not limited to, PTO and holiday pay end on your last day of employment.  Your 401(k) benefits are governed by applicable plan documents.  See the discussion below related to the payment of COBRA premiums.       

Following the Retirement Date you will be entitled to the benefits listed below (the  Transition Benefits ), subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Succession Agreement.  All of the Transition Benefits are subject to (i) your delivery to the Company of this Agreement, signed by you, no earlier than the Retirement Date and no later than the  twenty-first (21  st  ) day following such Retirement Date (such twenty-first (21  st  ) day, the  Release End Delivery Date ), (ii) the expiration of the seven (7) day period following your execution of  this Agreement (the  Rescission Period ) without rescission by you, and (iii) your compliance with all other terms and conditions of this Agreement applicable to you. The signed Agreement should be delivered to Chris Geschickter, VP, Human Resources, 150 Clove Road, 9  th   Floor, Little Falls, NJ 07424 or to the Company s General Counsel.  If you execute and deliver  this Agreement to the Company and the Rescission Period expires without rescission of this Agreement by you, the fifth business day following the last day of such Rescission Period is referred to herein as the  Payment Date  provided, however, that if the fifth business day following the 7  th   day after the Release End Delivery Date falls in the calendar year next succeeding the calendar year of the Retirement Date, the Payment Date will be no earlier than the first business day of such next succeeding calendar year.  You will receive a copy of the fully executed Agreement from the Company.  

Transition Services Payment  .  Subject to the conditions of and pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and the Succession Agreement, Cantel will pay you the sum of $2,750,000 (net of applicable taxes and withholdings) in a lump sum (the  Transition Services Payment ) on the date that is six months plus one day following the Retirement Date.  Interest will accrue on the Transition Services Payment at the prime rate from time to time in effect at JP Morgan Chase Bank or any successor bank commencing on the first business day following the expiration of Rescission Period without rescission thereof by you and continuing until the Transition Services Payment is paid in full.  Interest will be payable together with the Transition Services Payment.     

Restricted Stock Vesting  .  All unvested Cantel restricted shares held by you on the Retirement Date will automatically accelerate and fully vest on the Retirement Date.  You acknowledge that shares will be held to cover withholding taxes consistent with prior practice.         

In-Lieu Payment  .  In lieu of a restricted stock award related to your employment during Fiscal 2016, the Company will pay you the sum of $1,750,000, payable in six equal annual installments commencing January 5, 2018 and continuing on January 5 (or the first business day thereafter) of each of the next succeeding five years.       

COBRA Benefits  .  The Company will pay the Company portion of the premiums for COBRA continuation coverage for you under the Company s group medical and dental plans for 18 months, beginning on your election of COBRA continuation coverage.  The Company will make such payment when due commencing after the Payment Date, but you must make      

2 

arrangement for payment of applicable withholdings (if any).  As a condition to the Company s obligation to make the premium payments, you (i) must be participating in the Company s group medical and dental plans immediately prior to the Retirement Date; and (ii) must timely elect COBRA continuation coverage.  In addition, such obligations will immediately terminate if and when you become eligible through another employer for medical and dental coverage with benefits not substantially less favorable than those under Cantel s current medical insurance plan.  In the event Cantel deems it necessary to terminate its payment of COBRA premiums for you in order to comply with applicable law, Cantel will pay you in a lump sum (net of applicable withholdings, if any) the amount of payments that otherwise would be made over the remainder of the 18-month period.      

D O Insurance  .  You will continue to be entitled to any rights to insurance and indemnification under any directors and officers liability insurance, including any ERISA rider ( D O Insurance ), Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, of the Company or a Related Employer (as defined below) as in effect before the Retirement Date (or rights to insurance and indemnification that are substantially the same thereto), with respect to any claims relating to the period before the Retirement Date.  Additionally, any and all D O Insurance policies obtained by Cantel or a Related Employer following the Retirement Date that are  claims made  polices will cover you to the same extent as other former officers of Cantel.  The term  Related Employer  means Cantel and any other employer that is required to be aggregated with Cantel pursuant to Sections 414(b), (c), or (m) of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended.      

All payments, benefits and Transition Benefits made to you under this Agreement are subject to all applicable federal, state and local tax withholdings and any other withholdings required by law.      

By signing this Agreement, you agree that the Transition Benefits constitute adequate consideration for your release and waiver of any and all claims as set forth below.  For valuable consideration you receive from Cantel pursuant to this Agreement, you (on your own behalf and on behalf of your heirs, executors, administrators, trustees, legal representatives, successors and assigns) hereby release, waive and forever discharge all claims, demands, causes of actions, administrative claims, obligations, liabilities, claims for punitive or liquidated damages or penalties, any other damages, any claims for costs, disbursements or attorney s fees, any individual or class action claims, or any other claims or demands of any nature whatsoever, whether asserted or unasserted, known or unknown, absolute or contingent that you have or may have against Cantel, any parent, subsidiary, division, or affiliate of the Company, any of  its or their past, present or future owners, present, former or subsequent insurers, agents, representatives, officers, directors, shareholders, managers, members,  employees, representatives or consultants, and the current or former administrators or trustees of any pension or other benefit plan of any of them, and the successors, predecessors or assigns of each (collectively  Releasees ), including, but not limited to any claims, demands, causes of actions, administrative claims, obligations, or liabilities, arising out of, or in any manner based upon, or related to, the employment relationship between you and the Company, or any predecessor, and the termination of such employment relationship, or arising out of, or in any manner based upon, or related to, any other occurrence, transaction, omission or communication that transpired or occurred at any time on or before the date of your signing of this Agreement.      

3 

Without limitation to the foregoing, you specifically release, waive and forever discharge the Releasees from and against any and all claims that arise under the U.S. Constitution, the New Jersey Constitution, the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, N. J. Rev. Stat.   10:5-1 et seq., the New Jersey Family Leave Act,  N.J. Stat. Ann.   34:11B-1 et seq.,  the New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act, N.J. Stat.   34:19-1 et seq., any claims under any other New Jersey or other state or local anti-discrimination, employment or human rights laws or regulations, or any other New Jersey or other state or local law, ordinance or regulation, any claims under any other state or local law, ordinance or regulation, any claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ( ADEA ), 29 U.S.C.   621   et     seq  ., Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.   2000e   et     seq  ., the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C.   12101   et     seq  ., the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C.   1001   et     seq  ., the Equal Pay Act, the federal Family and Medical Leave Act, 29 U.S.C.   2601   et     seq  ., the National Labor Relations Act, 29 U.S.C.   151   et     seq  ., the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, 42 U.S.C.   2000ff   et     seq  ., the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, 15 U.S.C.   7201   et     seq  ., the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, 29 U.S.C.   201   et     seq.,   and any amendments to any of the above; or arising under any other local, state or federal statute, ordinance, regulation or order, or that involve claims for discrimination or harassment based on age, race, religion, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, affectional or sexual orientation, sexual preference, gender identity or expression, military or veterans status, sex, disability, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, or any other protected class status, or any other legally-protected class, any claims for wages, salary, commissions, expense reimbursement, or other compensation, any claims for retaliation, reprisal, wrongful discharge, breach of contract (express or implied), any whistleblower claims under any federal, state or local law or regulation or under common law, and/or any other tort, contract or other statutory or common law cause of action, including any claims for attorneys  fees, costs or disbursements.  You are not, by signing this Agreement, releasing or waiving (i) any vested interest you may have in any 401(k) profit sharing plan by virtue of your employment with the Company, (ii) any rights or claims that may arise after this Agreement is signed, (iii) the Transition Benefits, compensation, and other benefits specifically promised to you under this Agreement, (iv) the right to institute legal action for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of this Agreement, (v) the right to apply for state unemployment compensation benefits, (vi) any workers compensation benefits to which you may be entitled under applicable law, (vii) any rights under COBRA, or (viii) the right to file a charge of discrimination, harassment and/or retaliation with a governmental agency, including the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, although you agree that you will not be able to recover any award of money, damages or other compensation or attorney s fees if you file a charge or complaint or have a charge or complaint filed on your behalf.   

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you are not releasing your ability to file suit to enforce this Agreement or challenge its validity under the ADEA.     

You will not receive any of the Transition Benefits described in this Agreement if you (i) do not sign this Agreement and return the original of this Agreement in the 21 day period specified below, or (ii) rescind this Agreement within the seven day period after signing it.     

4 

This Agreement is final and binding and together with the Succession Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the terms and conditions of your retirement and the termination of your employment with the Company.     

No representations or warranties other than those contained in this Agreement and the Succession Agreement were made by either you or the Company to induce this Agreement.     

By your signature to this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you have been given a period of at least twenty one (21) calendar days to consider this Agreement prior to signing it and that you have not signed it until the twenty first (21  st  ) calendar day after receiving it or, if you have signed it prior to the expiration of the twenty one (21) day period, you have done so knowingly and voluntarily and on the advice of your own attorney and that Cantel has in no way requested, asked or required that you sign this Agreement prior to the expiration of the twenty one (21) day period.  The parties hereto agree that any modification, material or otherwise, made to this Agreement will not restart or affect in any manner the original consideration period of at least twenty-one (21) calendar days. You are hereby advised to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement. By your signature you also acknowledge and agree that Cantel has advised you to consult with an attorney of your choice prior to signing this Agreement and you have done so, or chosen not to do so, of your own accord.     

By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement (inclusive of the non-competition covenant set forth in Section 6 thereof as modified by paragraph 15 of the Succession Agreement) and you acknowledge and agree that the post-termination obligations and provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement will continue in full force and effect according to the applicable terms of the Confidentiality Agreement following your termination of employment with the Company.       

By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that you will not make any statements (written or oral) of a defamatory or disparaging nature to any third party about Cantel or any of its subsidiaries or any of its or their directors, employees, representatives, operations, products and/or services (excluding communications with governmental agencies, internal and external counsel, with Cantel or as otherwise may be required by law).  Cantel agrees that its Board and senior executives will not make any statements (written or oral) of a defamatory or disparaging nature to any third party about you (excluding communications with governmental agencies, internal and external counsel, or as may be required by law).  Nothing in this paragraph shall restrict in any way Cantel s or its subsidiaries  ability to internally assess and criticize your job performance (and to communicate that criticism to Cantel s outside auditors) or your ability to internally assess and criticize the operations and policies of Cantel and its subsidiaries (and to communicate that criticism to Cantel s outside auditors).      

Nothing in this Agreement waives or otherwise limits your right to file a charge or complaint with the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) and/or with any other governmental agency or to testify, assist or participate in any investigation, hearing or proceeding conducted by the EEOC (and/or by any other governmental agency)  .    However, you agree that you give up all rights to any money or other individual relief directly      

5 

from Cantel based on any agency or judicial decision relating to such charge or complaint.  Neither the immediately preceding sentence nor any other provision in this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any kind by Cantel (or by any of the other Releasees) of its or their right to assert the general release provided by you in this Agreement as a defense to any charge or complaint filed with the EEOC, any other government agency, any court or any other tribunal.      

Notification of Rights Pursuant to the Federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act, (29 U.S.C.   621 et seq.)    You are hereby notified of your right to rescind this Agreement within seven (7) calendar days after signing this Agreement.   In order to be effective, the rescission must be in writing and delivered to Chris Geschickter, Vice President, Human Resources, 150 Clove Road, 9  th   Floor, Little Falls, NJ 07424, by hand or mail.  If delivered by mail, the rescission must be postmarked within the required period, properly addressed to Mr. Geschickter, as set forth above, and sent by certified mail, return receipt requested.  It is further understood that, if you rescind this Agreement in accordance with this Paragraph, or if you decide not to sign this Agreement, the Company will have no obligation to pay or otherwise satisfy any of the Transition Benefits.     

This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to principles of conflicts of laws.  As to any dispute concerning or arising out of this Agreement, each of Cantel and you hereby expressly consents to personal jurisdiction in the State of New Jersey and hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New Jersey and further agrees not to assert that any action brought in such jurisdiction has been brought in an inconvenient forum or that such venue is improper.  To the extent permitted by law, any and all claims asserted in such an action shall be adjudicated by a judge sitting without a jury. 

Andy, your signature below indicates that you have carefully read, understand and agree to all terms and provisions of this Agreement in its entirety.  It further indicates that you have had a sufficient and reasonable amount of time prior to signing this Agreement to ask questions regarding this Agreement, that you have been advised to seek legal advice, and that you have signed this Agreement as a free and voluntary act. 

If you wish to receive the Transition Benefits under this Agreement, you must sign and return the original of this Agreement to Chris Geschickter in Human Resources no earlier than the Retirement Date and no later than the twenty first (21  st  ) calendar day following the Retirement Date.  You must also abide by all other terms of this Agreement.  You should keep a copy for your records.      

Sincerely,  

CANTEL MEDICAL CORP. 

By:   

/s/ Charles M. Diker  

Name:   

Charles M. Diker  

Title:  

Chairman of the Board  

6 

ACCEPTANCE OF AGREEMENT AND SIGNATURE 

By signing below, I, Andrew A. Krakauer, further acknowledge and agree to the following: 

I have had adequate time to consider whether to sign this Separation Agreement and General Release and have been advised by this Separation Agreement and General Release to consult with an attorney of my choice.     

I have read this Separation Agreement and General Release carefully.     

I understand, accept and agree to all of the terms of this Separation Agreement and General Release.     

I am knowingly and voluntarily releasing my claims as set forth in this Separation Agreement and General Release.       

The Transition Benefits provided to me under this Separation Agreement and General Release are in addition to anything of value to which I may otherwise be entitled from the Company.      

I have not, in signing this Separation Agreement and General Release, relied upon any representations or statements, written or oral, except for those specifically set forth in this Separation Agreement and General Release.      

I intend this Separation Agreement and General Release to be legally binding.     

I have kept a full copy of this Separation Agreement and General Release for my records.     

I am signing this Separation Agreement and General Release   no earlier than my last date of employment and no later than the twenty first (21  st  ) calendar day thereafter. 

7 

</EX-10.A>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 cmn_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

cmn_Ex31_1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Jorgen B. Hansen, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cantel Medical Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: December 8, 2016  

By:   

/s/ Jorgen B. Hansen  

Jorgen B. Hansen,  President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 cmn_ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

cmn_Ex31_2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Peter G. Clifford, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Cantel Medical Corp.; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:  

December 8, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Peter G. Clifford  

Peter G. Clifford, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 cmn_ex32.htm
 EX-32

cmn_Ex32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

(SUBSECTIONS (a) AND (b) OF SECTION 1350, CHAPTER 63 OF 

TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE) 

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officers of Cantel Medical Corp. (the  Company ), do hereby certify with respect to the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  (the  Form 10-Q ) that, to the best of their knowledge: 

1.   The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.  The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, as of the date and for the period referred to in this report. 

Date:  December 8, 2016  

/s/ Jorgen B. Hansen  

Jorgen B. Hansen  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Peter G. Clifford  

Peter G. Clifford  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cmn-20161031.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cmn-20161031.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cmn-20161031_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cmn-20161031_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cmn-20161031_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cmn-20161031_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

