<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1434842_0001434842-16-000124_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7114172</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142944</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>592952</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2157719</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3042253</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1063014</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>33</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001434842-16-000124.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114171313
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001434842-16-000124
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forbes Energy Services Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434842
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL, GAS FIELD SERVICES, NBC [1389]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			D0
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35281
		FILM NUMBER:		161995899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 SOUTH BUSINESS HIGHWAY 281
		CITY:			ALICE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78332
		BUSINESS PHONE:		361-664-0549

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 SOUTH BUSINESS HIGHWAY 281
		CITY:			ALICE
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78332

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001434842-16-000124.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 a201610qq3.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  
  __________________________________________________________ 
  Form 10-Q    
  __________________________________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 

Commission file number 001-35281 
  __________________________________________________________ 
  Forbes Energy Services Ltd. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
  __________________________________________________________ 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
  (361) 664-0549    
  __________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      x    Yes           No 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer 
      
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
        (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).           Yes      x    No 
  Shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of   November 9, 2016  :   

Table of Contents  

FORBES ENERGY SERVICES LTD.  
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Part I Financial Information  
      
      Item 1. 
     Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
    5 
      Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    27 
      Item 3. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    40 
      Item 4. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    40 

Part II Other Information  
      
      Item 1. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    41 
      Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    41 
      Item 2. 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    41 
      Item 3. 
     Default Upon Senior Securities  
    41 
      Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    41 
      Item 5. 
    Other Information 
    41 
      Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
    42 
        
    Signatures 
    44 

2 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and any oral statements made in connection with it include certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. You can generally identify forward-looking statements by the appearance in such a statement of words like  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   potential,   predict,   project  or  should  or other comparable words or the negative of these words. When you consider our forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors we describe and other cautionary statements we make in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Our forward-looking statements are only predictions based on expectations that we believe are reasonable. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements as a result of known risks and uncertainties set forth below and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These factors include or relate to the following: 
             
    the effect of the industry-wide downturn in energy exploration and development activities; 
                
    continuing incurrence of operating losses due to such downturn; 
                
    our ability to successfully complete a capital restructuring; 
                
    the willingness of the counterparties to our revolving credit facility and our indenture and senior notes to continue to forbear under such debt agreements;  
                
    oil and natural gas commodity prices; 
                
    market response to global demands to curtail use of oil and natural gas; 
                
    capital budgets and spending by the oil and natural gas industry; 
                
    the ability or willingness of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to set and maintain production levels for oil; 
                
    oil and natural gas production levels by non-OPEC countries; 
                
    supply and demand for oilfield services and industry activity levels; 
                
    our ability to maintain stable pricing; 
                
    our level of indebtedness; 
                
    possible impairment of our long-lived assets; 
                
    potential for excess capacity; 
                
    competition; 
                
    substantial capital requirements; 
                
    significant operating and financial restrictions under our indenture and revolving credit facility; 
                
    technological obsolescence of operating equipment; 
                
    dependence on certain key employees; 
                
    concentration of customers; 
                
    substantial additional costs of compliance with reporting obligations, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and indenture covenants; 
                
    seasonality of oilfield services activity; 
                
    collection of accounts receivable; 
                
    environmental and other governmental regulation, including potential climate change legislation; 
                
    the potential disruption of business activities caused by the physical effects, if any, of climate change; 
                
    risks inherent in our operations; 
                
    ability to fully integrate future acquisitions; 
                
    variation from projected operating and financial data; 
                
    variation from budgeted and projected capital expenditures; 
                
    volatility of global financial markets; and 
     
   3 

     Table of Contents  

the other factors discussed under  Risk Factors  beginning on page 11 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and under Item 1 of Part II of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
     We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. To the extent these risks, uncertainties and assumptions give rise to events that vary from our expectations, the forward-looking events discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur. All forward-looking statements attributable to us are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
    
  Forbes Energy Services Ltd.   
   
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except par value amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Forbes Energy Services Ltd.  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Forbes Energy Services Ltd. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

Forbes Energy Services Ltd.  
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

Table of Contents  

Forbes Energy Services Ltd.  
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (unaudited) 

1. Organization and Nature of Operations 
  Nature of Business 
  Forbes Energy Services Ltd., or FES Ltd., is an independent oilfield services contractor that provides a wide range of well site services to oil and natural gas drilling and producing companies to help develop and enhance the production of oil and natural gas. These services include fluid hauling, fluid disposal, well maintenance, completion services, workovers and re-completions, plugging and abandonment, and tubing testing. Our operations are concentrated in the major onshore oil and natural gas producing regions of Texas, with an additional location in Pennsylvania. We believe that our broad range of services, which extends from initial drilling, through production, to eventual abandonment, is fundamental to establishing and maintaining the flow of oil and natural gas throughout the life cycle of our customers' wells.  Our headquarters and executive offices are located at 3000 South Business Highway 281, Alice, Texas 78332.  We can be reached by phone at (361) 664-0549. 
    
  As used in these Consolidated Financial Statements, the  Company,   we,  and  our  mean FES Ltd. and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated.   

2. Risk and Uncertainties 
  As an independent oilfield services contractor that provides a broad range of drilling-related and production-related services to oil and natural gas companies, primarily onshore in Texas, our revenue, profitability, cash flows and future rate of growth are substantially dependent on our ability to (1) maintain adequate equipment utilization, (2) maintain adequate pricing for the services we provide, and (3) maintain a trained work force. Failure to do so could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 
    
  Because our revenues are generated primarily from customers who are subject to the same factors generally impacting the oil and natural gas industry, our operations are also susceptible to market volatility resulting from economic, cyclical, weather related, or other factors related to such industry. Changes experienced in the level of operating and capital spending in the industry, decreases in oil and natural gas prices, and/or industry perception about future oil and natural gas prices has materially decreased the demand for our services, and has had an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

3. Basis of Presentation 
       
          Recent Developments 
    
    Indenture Forbearance Agreement 
    
  On July 15, 2016, the Company and its domestic subsidiaries, or the Guarantor Subs, entered into a forbearance agreement, or the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, with holders of over a majority of the Company s   9%   senior notes due 2019, or the Forbearing Holders, pursuant to the indenture, dated as of June 7, 2011, among the Company, as issuer, the Guarantor Subs, as subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, governing the terms of the   9%   senior notes due 2019, or the 9% Senior Indenture.  Pursuant to the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, the Forbearing Holders agreed that they would forbear through September 16, 2016 from exercising default remedies or accelerating any indebtedness under the 9% Senior Indenture resulting from the Company s failure to make its semi-annual interest payment due on June 15, 2016 on the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Missed Interest Payment.  
  Subsequent to the entrance of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, the Company, the Guarantor Subs and the Forbearing Holders have entered into amendments to the Indenture Forbearance Agreement to extend the forbearance period under the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, which, as of November 14, 2016, is set to expire on the earlier to occur of (i) 11:59 p.m. Central Time on November 15, 2016 and (ii) certain other specified events under the terms of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, including the termination of the Loan Forbearance Agreement (as defined below). 
  Loan Forbearance Agreement 
  On July 15, 2016, the Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into a forbearance agreement and an amendment, or the Loan Forbearance Agreement, to the Company s loan and security agreement, dated as of September 9, 2011, or the Loan  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

Agreement, with Regions Bank, as agent for the secured parties, or the Agent, and the lenders party thereto, or the Lenders. Pursuant to the Loan Forbearance Agreement, the Agent and the Lenders, or the Loan Forbearing Parties, agreed that they would forbear through October 14, 2016 from exercising default remedies or accelerating any indebtedness under the Loan Agreement resulting from the Missed Interest Payment. 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company, the Guarantor Subs and the Loan Forbearing Parties entered into the First Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Forbearance Agreement Amendment, to extend the forbearance period under the Loan Forbearance Agreement until the earlier to occur of (i) 5:01 p.m. on December 28, 2016 and (ii) certain other specified events under the terms of the Loan Forbearance Agreement.  In connection with the Loan Forbearance Agreement, the Company is required to maintain cash on deposit of no less than   $17.5 million   with Agent, and the Lenders are not obligated to make additional advances. 
  The Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into the Second Forbearance Amendment and the Loan Forbearance Agreement Amendment to provide the Company and the Guarantor Subs with additional time to continue discussions with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties with respect to a proposed financial restructuring of the Company. 
    The Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into the Indenture Forbearance Agreement and the Loan Forbearance Agreement, each as amended, or the Forbearance Agreements, to provide the Company and the Guarantor Subs with time to continue discussions with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties with respect to a proposed capital restructuring of the Company.   As previously disclosed, the Company has engaged financial and legal advisors to assist it in evaluating potential strategic alternatives.  
  There can be no assurance that the Company and the Guarantor Subs will reach any agreement with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties on a capital restructuring of the Company by the end of the forbearance periods under the Forbearance Agreements, if at all, or that the forbearance periods under the Forbearance Agreements will be extended.  Failure to reach an agreement with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties prior to the expiration of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement and the Loan Forbearance Agreement, each as amended, would allow the trustee or the holders of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the 9% Senior Notes, or the Lenders to accelerate the 9% Senior Notes and the loans or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize the Company s ability to continue its current operations.  If the Lenders accelerate the maturity of the Company s debt, the Company will not have sufficient cash on hand or borrowing capacity to satisfy its obligations, and may not be able to pay its debts or refinance it on acceptable terms.  If the Company fails to successfully complete a capital restructuring or should any of the Company's indebtedness be accelerated, the Company does not have adequate liquidity to fund its operations, nor meet its obligations (including its debt payment obligations) and continue as a going concern and may be forced to seek relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (or an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief or similar creditor action may be filed against it). 
    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles accepted in the United States of America which contemplate the continuation of the Company as a going concern. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred a net loss of   $86.4 million   and has a working capital deficit of   $(252.6) million   at   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to the classification of the 9% Senior Notes as current liabilities resulting from the ability of the holders of such 9% Senior Notes to accelerate any indebtedness under the 9% Senior Indenture.  These conditions raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
  Reclassification 
    Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation with no material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

10 

     Table of Contents  

Interim Financial Information 
  The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, for interim financial reporting. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Therefore, these condensed consolidated financial statements should be read along with the annual audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . In management s opinion, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement are reflected in the interim periods presented. Interim results for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   may not be indicative of results that will be realized for the full year ending   December 31, 2016  . All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated balance sheets and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. 
    
    Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or the FASB, issued Accounting Standard Update, or ASU, No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)," or ASU 2014-09, which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step process to achieve that core principle. ASU 2014-09 requires disclosures enabling users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Additionally, qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. ASU 2014-09 was to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period.  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 delayed the required adoption date for public entities to periods beginning after December 15, 2017, although early adoption to the original effective date under ASU 2014-09 is permitted.  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations, which provides supplemental adoption guidance and clarification to ASC 2014-09.  Once implemented, the Company can use one of two retrospective application methods for prior periods. Earlier application is not permitted. The Company expects this pronouncement to effect the timing of when revenue is recognized, but not the amount. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases (Topic 842)," which increases the transparency and comparability about leases among entities. The new guidance requires lessees to recognize a lease liability and a corresponding lease asset for operating leases with lease terms greater than 12 months.  It also requires additional disclosures about leasing arrangements to help users of financial statements better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. ASU 2016-02 becomes effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and requires a modified retrospective approach to adoption. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

11 

     Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation - Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting" ("ASU 2016-09"), which involves several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Under the new standard, income tax benefits and deficiencies are to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement and the tax effects of exercised or vested awards should be treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. An entity should also recognize excess tax benefits regardless of whether the benefit reduces taxes payables in the current period. Excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity. In regard to forfeitures, the entity may make an entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur. ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted.  The Company believes the adoption of this new standard will have an immaterial impact on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ).  ASU 2016-15 will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption on its consolidated financial statements. 
  Impairment 
       
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company experienced a triggering event resulting from the continuing decline in operating revenues due to an industry-wide slowdown, which began in the second half of 2014.  An impairment loss of   $14.5 million   was recorded as a component of operating expenses based on the amount that the carrying value of certain intangibles exceeded the fair value of such intangibles during the second quarter of 2016.  The Company did not experience any triggering events in the third quarter. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents  

4. Intangible Assets 
  Our major classes of intangible assets subject to amortization consist of our customer relationships, trade names, safety training program and dispatch software.  The Company expenses costs associated with extensions or renewals of intangible assets. There were   no   such extensions or renewals in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . Amortization expense is calculated using the straight-line method over the period indicated.  Amortization expense for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.1 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively, and for the   nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   was   $1.6 million   and   $2.1 million  , respectively. 
  As noted in the impairment section of Note 3 above, an impairment of   $14.5 million   was recorded in the second quarter of   2016  . 
  Based upon the Company's findings during the second quarter of 2016, the recoverable amount of the trade name was in excess of the carrying amount, and no impairment was indicated at that time.  The Company did not experience any triggering events during the third quarter of 2016.  
    
  The following sets forth the identified intangible assets by major asset class:   

Estimated amortization expense of the intangible assets remaining for the years 2017 through 2022 is   $0.5 million   per year. 

5. Share-Based Compensation 
    
  Incentive Compensation Plans 
    
  From time to time, the Company grants stock options, restricted stock units, or other awards to its employees, including executive officers and directors. After taking into account the restricted stock units granted through   September 30, 2016   (as discussed in the Restricted Stock Units paragraph below), there were   1,388,685   shares available for future issuance under the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan. There have been   no   stock option awards issued under the 2012 Plan. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  The following table presents a summary of the Company s stock option activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   for options granted under the Company's 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan: 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, the Company recorded   no   expenses for share-based compensation related to stock options, as all outstanding options are fully vested. There was   no   share-based compensation expense capitalized for either of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . As of   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   unrecognized share-based compensation expense for stock options.  

Restricted Stock Units 
    
  The following table presents a summary of restricted stock unit grant activity for the   nine   month period ended   September 30, 2016  : 

Of the   642,645   restricted stock units vested during the nine month period ended   September 30, 2016  ,   455,719   shares were settled in cash. 
    
  Share-based compensation expense for the restricted stock units granted for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $0.2 million   and   $0.8 million  , respectively.  The remaining share-based compensation expense of   $0.6 million   related to restricted stock units granted will be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.88   years.   
  The following table summarizes the Company's share-based compensation expense for equity awards and liability awards (in thousands): 

14 

     Table of Contents  

6. Property and Equipment 
  Property and equipment consisted of the following: 

Depreciation expense was   $12.4 million   and   $38.1 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, and   $13.0 million   and   $39.5 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , respectively. 

7. Long-Term Debt 
  Long-term debt at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   consisted of the following:    

15 

     Table of Contents  

9% Senior Notes 
  On June 7, 2011, FES Ltd. issued $  280.0 million   in principal amount of the 9% Senior Notes. The 9% Senior Notes mature on   June 15, 2019  , and require semi-annual interest payments, in arrears, at an annual rate of   9%   on June 15 and December 15 of each year, until maturity. No principal payments are due until maturity. 
  The 9% Senior Notes are guaranteed by the Guarantor Subs, which include Forbes Energy Services LLC, or FES LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC, or CCF, TX Energy Services, LLC, or TES, and Forbes Energy International, LLC, or FEI LLC. All of the Guarantor Subs are   100%   owned and each guarantees the securities on a full and unconditional and joint and several basis, subject to customary release provisions which include: (i) the transfer, sale or other disposition (by merger or otherwise) of all or substantially all of the assets of the applicable Guarantor, or all of its capital stock; (ii) the proper designation of a Guarantor as an "Unrestricted Subsidiary"; (iii) the legal defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the 9% Senior Indenture; and (iv) as may be provided in any intercreditor agreement entered into in connection with any current and future credit facilities, in each such case specified in clauses (i) through (iii) above in accordance with the requirements therefor set forth in the 9% Senior Indenture. The Company may, at its option, redeem all or part of the 9% Senior Notes from time to time at specified redemption prices and subject to certain conditions required by the 9% Senior Indenture. The Company is required to make an offer to purchase the notes and to repurchase any notes for which the offer is accepted at   101%   of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if there is a change of control. The Company is required to make an offer to repurchase the notes and to repurchase any notes for which the offer is accepted at   100%   of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, following certain asset sales. 
  The Company is permitted under the terms of the 9% Senior Indenture to incur additional indebtedness in the future, provided that certain financial conditions set forth in the 9% Senior Indenture are satisfied. The Company is subject to certain covenants contained in the 9% Senior Indenture, including provisions that limit or restrict the Company's and certain future subsidiaries' abilities to incur additional debt, to create, incur or permit to exist certain liens on assets, to make certain dispositions of assets, to make payments on certain subordinated indebtedness, to pay dividends or certain other payments to FES Ltd.'s equity holders, to engage in mergers, consolidations or other fundamental changes, to change the nature of its business or to engage in transactions with affiliates. Due to cross-default provisions in the 9% Senior Indenture and the loan agreement governing our revolving credit facility, with certain exceptions, a default and acceleration of outstanding debt under one debt agreement would result in the default and possible acceleration of outstanding debt under the other debt agreement.  Accordingly, an event of default could result in all or a portion of our outstanding debt under our debt agreements becoming immediately due and payable.  If this occurred, we might not be able to obtain waivers or secure alternative financing to satisfy all of our obligations simultaneously, which would adversely affect our business and operations. 
    
  As a result of the adoption of ASU 2015-03,  Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs  on January 1, 2016, the Company recorded debt issuance costs of   $2.8 million   and retroactively recorded debt issuance costs of   $3.3 million   as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related 9% Senior Notes of   $280.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively.   
    
           On June 15, 2016, the Company elected not to make the   $12.6 million   semi-annual interest payment due on that date on the 9% Senior Notes.  On July 15, 2016, the Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into a forbearance agreement with certain holders of the 9% Senior Notes, as described more fully under Note 3 "Basis of Presentation-Recent Developments-Indenture Forbearance Agreement" above.  As a result of not making the interest payment and entering into the forbearance agreement, the amounts outstanding of the 9% Senior Notes are classified as current in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

16 

     Table of Contents  

Revolving Credit Facility 
  On September 9, 2011, the Company entered into the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement, as amended, provides for an asset based revolving credit facility with a maximum borrowing credit of   $90.0 million  , subject to borrowing base availability, any reserves established by the Agent in its discretion, compliance with a fixed charge coverage ratio covenant if availability under the facility falls below certain thresholds and, for borrowings above   $75.0 million  , compliance with the debt incurrence covenant in the 9% Senior Indenture that prohibits the incurrence of debt except for certain limited exceptions, including indebtedness incurred under the permitted credit facility debt basket to the greater of   $75.0 million   or   18%   of our Consolidated Tangible Assets (as defined in the 9% Senior Indenture) reported for the last fiscal quarter for which financial statements are available. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   18%   of our Consolidated Tangible Assets was approximately   $59.3 million  . Under the Loan Agreement, our borrowing base at any time is equal to (i)   85%   of eligible accounts, which are determined by the Agent in its reasonable discretion, plus (ii) the lesser of   85%   of the appraised value, subject to certain adjustments, of our well servicing equipment that has been properly pledged and appraised, is in good operating condition and is located in the United States, or   100%   of the net book value of such equipment, minus (iii) any reserves established by the Agent in its reasonable discretion.  
  As amended, the Loan Agreement has a stated maturity of July 26, 2018.  In June 2015, FES LLC borrowed   $15.0 million   under the facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the facility had a revolving loan balance outstanding of   $15.0 million   and   $9.1 million   in letters of credit outstanding against the facility. 
  Under cross default provisions in the Loan Agreement, an event of default under the 9% Senior Notes constitutes an event of default under the Loan Agreement.  As previously disclosed, on July 15, 2016, the Company entered into a loan forbearance agreement, as described more fully under Note 3 "Basis of Presentation-Recent Developments-Loan Forbearance Agreement" above.  In connection with the Loan Forbearance Agreement, as amended, during the forbearance period thereunder, the Lenders are not obligated to make further advances to the Company under the Loan Agreement.  As a result of these matters, amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement are classified as current in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
  Borrowings bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) the   LIBOR   rate plus an applicable margin of between   2.00%   to   2.50%   based on borrowing availability or (b) a base rate plus an applicable margin of between   1.00%   to   1.50%   based on borrowing availability, where the base rate is equal to the greater of the   prime rate   established by Regions Bank, the   overnight federal funds rate   plus   0.5%   or the   LIBOR rate for a one-month period   plus   1%  .  The Company's interest rate as of   September 30, 2016   was   2.5%  . 
  In addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the facility, a fee of   0.375%   per annum will accrue on unutilized availability under the credit facility. The Company is required to pay a fee of between   2.25%   to   2.75%  , based on borrowing availability, with respect to the principal amount of any letters of credit outstanding under the facility. The Company is also responsible for certain other administrative fees and expenses.  
  FES LLC, FEI LLC, TES, and CCF are the named borrowers under the Loan Agreement. Their obligations have been guaranteed by one another and by FES Ltd. Subject to certain exceptions and permitted encumbrances, including the exemption of real property interests from the collateral package, the obligations under this facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of our assets. 
  We are able to voluntarily repay outstanding loans at any time without premium or penalty (subject to the fees discussed above). If at any time our outstanding loans under the credit facility exceed the availability under our borrowing base, we may be required to repay the excess. Further, the Company is required to use the net proceeds from certain events, including certain judgments, tax refunds or insurance awards to repay outstanding loans, however, the named borrowers may reborrow following such repayments if the conditions to borrowing are met. 
  The Loan Agreement contains customary covenants for an asset-based credit facility, which include (i) restrictions on certain mergers, consolidations and sales of assets; (ii) restrictions on the creation or existence of liens; (iii) restrictions on making certain investments; (iv) restrictions on the incurrence or existence of indebtedness; (v) restrictions on transactions with affiliates; (vi) requirements to deliver financial statements, reports and notices to the Agent and (vii) a springing requirement to maintain a consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (which is defined in the Loan Agreement) of   1.1  :  1.0   in the event that our excess availability under the credit facility falls below the greater of   $11.3 million   or   15.0%   of our maximum credit under the facility for   sixty   consecutive days; provided that, the restrictions described in (i)-(v) above are subject to certain exceptions and permissions limited in scope and dollar value. The Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and event of default provisions.  

17 

     Table of Contents  

Capital Leases 
    
  The Company financed the purchase of certain vehicles and equipment through commercial loans and capital leases with aggregate principal amounts outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   of approximately   $4.0 million   and   $7.1 million  , respectively. These loans are repayable in a range of   42   to   60   monthly installments with the maturity dates ranging from   January 2017   to   July 2018  . Interest accrues at rates ranging from   3.1%   to   8.4%   and is payable monthly. The loans are collateralized by equipment purchased with the proceeds of such loans. The Company paid total principal payments of approximately   $1.0 million   and   $1.6 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, and   $3.1   million and   $4.5   million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Following are required principal payments due on notes and capital leases (other than the 9% Senior Notes) existing as of   September 30, 2016  : 

Management has historically acquired all light duty trucks (pickup trucks) through capital leases and may use capital leases or cash to purchase equipment held under operating leases that has reached the end of the lease term.  See Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
  Insurance Notes 
  During October of 2015, the Company entered into an insurance promissory note for the payment of insurance premiums at an interest rate of   3.4%   with an aggregate principal amount of approximately   $6.2 million   outstanding as of   December 31, 2015  .  The Company had not entered into an insurance promissory note for 2016 as of   September 30, 2016  .  

8. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
  Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. 
  The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable-trade, accounts receivable-other, accounts payable-trade, and insurance notes, approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. The fair values of third party notes and equipment notes approximate their carrying values, based on current market rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar maturities (Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy). 

The fair value of our   9%   Senior Notes is a Level 1 input within the fair value hierarchy and is based on the dealer quoted market prices at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
    
  The Company utilizes fair value, on a non-recurring basis, to perform impairment testing on the Company s long-lived assets by comparing carrying value to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows. If the carrying value of long-lived assets exceed undiscounted future net cash flows, the measurement of impairment is based on estimated fair value.  These estimates are prepared using assumptions and judgments that are classified as Level 3 items within the fair value hierarchy.  While  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

management believes the valuation methodologies used are appropriate, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in different estimates of fair value at the reporting date. 

9. Related Party Transactions 
   The Company enters into transactions with related parties in the normal course of conducting business. The following tables represent related party transactions.     

There were   no   related party receivables as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  .   

19 

     Table of Contents  

(1)   The Company has a deposit relationship with Texas Champion Bank.  Travis Burris, one of the directors of the Company, is the President, Chief Executive Officer, and director of Texas Champion Bank.  John E. Crisp, or Mr. Crisp, an executive officer and director of the Company, serves on the board of directors of Texas Champion Bank. 
   (2)   Mr. Crisp and Charles C. Forbes, Jr., or Mr. Forbes, are directors and shareholders of Brush Country Bank, an institution with which the Company conducts business and has deposits. Mr. Forbes is an executive officer and director of the Company. 
   (3)   Dorsal Services, Inc., or Dorsal Services, is a trucking service company. Mr. Crisp is a partial owner of Dorsal Services. The Company uses Dorsal Services from time to time. 
   (4)   Tasco Tool Services, Ltd., or Tasco, is a down-hole tool company that is partially owned and managed by a company that is partially owned by Mr. Forbes. Tasco rents and sells tools to the Company from time to time. 
   (5)   Texas Quality Gate Guard Services, LLC, or Texas Quality Gate Guard Services, is an entity owned by Messrs. Crisp and Forbes, and a son of Mr. Crisp. Texas Quality Gate Guard Services has provided security services to the Company.  
   (6)   Messrs. Crisp and Forbes are also owners and managers of Alice Environmental Holdings, LLC, or AEH, and indirect owners and managers of Alice Environmental Services, LP, or AES and Alice Environmental West Texas, LLC, or AEWT.  The Company leases or rents land and buildings, and formerly leased aircraft from AES.  During January 2015, the Company purchased land from AEWT for an additional operating location.  The aircraft leases were terminated during the third quarter of 2015. 
   (7)   FCJ Management, LLC, or FCJ, is an entity that leases land and facilities to the Company and is partially owned by Messrs. Crisp and Forbes. The lease with FCJ was terminated during the third quarter of 2015.  
   (8)   Animas Holdings, LLC, or Animas, is owned by the two sons of Mr. Crisp and three children of Mr. Forbes. Animas owns land and property that it leases to the Company. 
   (9)    CJW Group, LLC is an entity that leases office space to the Company and is partially owned by Messrs. Crisp and Forbes. 
   (10)   From time to time, vendors of the Company factor their receivables from the Company and direct that the Company make payment of such factored amounts directly to the applicable factor.  One such factor to whom payments have been made by the Company is SB Factoring LLC which is owned in part by each of Mr. Crisp and Mr. Forbes. The nature of these transactions does not result in recording in the Company s financial records any revenue, any expense or any receivable and does not result in any payable distinct in amount from the amount payable to such vendors as originally incurred. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 
       
  Concentrations of Credit Risk 
  FDIC insurance coverage is currently   $250,000   per depositor at each financial institution, and our non-interest bearing cash balances typically exceed federally insured limits. The Company restricts investment of temporary cash investments to financial institutions with high credit standings.  
    
  The Company's customer base consists primarily of multi-national and independent oil and natural gas producers. The Company does not require collateral on its trade receivables. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company's largest customer, five largest customers, and ten largest customers constituted   13.4%  ,   53.6%   and   65.2%   of consolidated revenues, respectively.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, Chesapeake Energy, EOG Resources and ConocoPhillips Company constituted   13.4%  ,   11.9%   and   10.8%   of consolidated revenues, respectively.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company's largest customer, five largest customers, and ten largest customers constituted   17.8%  ,   57.8%   and   72.1%   of consolidated revenues, respectively. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , ConocoPhillips Company, EOG Resources, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation and Chesapeake Energy constituted   17.8%  ,   11.5%  ,   10.3%   and   10.1%   of consolidated revenues, respectively. The loss of any one of our top five customers would have a materially adverse effect on the revenues and profits of the Company. Further, our trade accounts receivable are from companies within the oil and natural gas industry and as such the Company is exposed to normal industry credit risks. As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company's largest customer,   five   largest customers, and   ten   largest customers constituted   20.0%  ,   52.4%   and   65.3%   of accounts receivable, respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , Chesapeake Energy and EOG Resources constituted   20.0%   and   10.7%   of accounts receivable, respectively. 
    
  Self-Insurance 
    
  The Company is self-insured under its Employee Group Medical Plan for the first   $150 thousand   per individual.  The Company is also self-insured with a retention or deductible for the first   $1.0 million   in claims under each of its insurance policies as follows: auto liability   $1.0 million   deductible; workers' compensation/employers' liability   $1.0 million   deductible;  general liability   $1.0 million   self-insured retention.  The Company has an additional premium payable clause under its lead   $10.0 million   limit excess policy that states in the event losses exceed   $0.8 million  , a loss additional premium of up to   25%   of paid losses in excess of   $0.8 million   will be due. The loss additional premium is payable at the time when the loss is paid and will be payable over a period agreed by insurers.  The Company has accrued liabilities totaling   $8.2 million   and   $7.3 million   as  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, for the projected additional premium and self-insured portion of these insurance claims as of the financial statement dates.  This accrual includes claims made as well as an estimate for claims incurred but not reported as of the financial statement dates.  
    
  Litigation 
    
  The Company is subject to various other claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any of these claims and actions, separately or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows, although we cannot guarantee that a material adverse effect will not occur. 
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The Company is often party to certain transactions that constitute off-balance sheet arrangements such as performance bonds, guarantees, operating leases for equipment, and bank guarantees that are not reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  These arrangements are made in our normal course of business and they are not reasonably likely to have a current or future material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows.  The Company's off-balance sheet arrangements include   $9.1 million   in letters of credit and operating leases for equipment, which are summarized in the table below. 
    
  Following are future lease payments on operating leases existing as of   September 30, 2016  : 

11. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

12. Earnings per Share 
  Basic earnings (loss) per share, or EPS, is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted average common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share takes into account the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock, such as options and convertible preferred stock, were exercised and converted into common stock. Potential common stock equivalents relate to outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock units, which are determined using the treasury stock method, and the Series B Senior Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series B Preferred Stock"), which are determined using the "if-converted" method.  In applying the if-converted method, conversion is not assumed for purposes of computing diluted EPS if the effect would be antidilutive. As of each of the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , there were   614,125   options to purchase common stock outstanding and   588,059   shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The Series B Preferred Stock is convertible at a rate of   nine   shares of common stock to   one   share of Series B Preferred Stock, or   5,292,531   shares of common stock. 
  The shares of Series B Preferred Stock are participating securities as they participate in undistributed earnings with common stock, whether that participation is conditioned upon the occurrence of a specified event or not. A participating security is included in the computation of basic EPS using the two-class method. Under the two-class method, basic EPS for the  
  
   21 

     Table of Contents  

Company s common stock is computed by dividing net income applicable to common shares by the weighted-average common stock outstanding during the period. Under the certificate of designation for our Series B Preferred Stock, or the Series B Certificate of Designation, if at any time the Company declares a dividend in cash which is greater in value than   five   percent on a cumulative basis over the previous twelve month period of the then current  Common Stock Fair Market Value,  as that term is defined in the Series B Certificate of Designation, the Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a dividend payable in cash equal to the amount in excess of five percent of the then Common Stock Fair Market Value per common share they would have received if all outstanding Series B Preferred Stock had been converted into common shares. There were   no   earnings allocated to the Series B Preferred Stock for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   since there was a net loss for those periods and, thus, earnings for the quarter were not in excess of amounts prescribed by the Series B Certificate of Designation for our Series B Preferred Stock. Diluted EPS for the Company s common stock is computed using the more dilutive of the two-class method or the if-converted method.  
  The following table sets forth the reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding and diluted weighted average shares outstanding: 

There were   614,125   stock options,   715,679   units of unvested restricted stock, and   5,292,531   shares of common stock equivalents underlying the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   that were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   because their effect would have been antidilutive. There were   614,125   stock options,   1,494,828   units of unvested restricted stock, and   5,292,531   shares of common stock equivalents underlying the Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of   September 30, 2015   that were not included in the calculation of diluted EPS for the   nine   months ending   September 30, 2015   because their effect would have been antidilutive. 
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted loss per share:    

As noted in Note 15, the Company did not make the preferred stock dividend payments due on May 28, 2016 and August 28, 2016 and does not anticipate making the payment due on November 28, 2016.  Preferred stock dividends and accretion includes dividends not currently declared or paid, but that may be payable upon redemption. 
  
   22 

Table of Contents  

13. Income Taxes 
  The Company s effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   was   (0.1)%   based on pre-tax loss of   $86.3 million  . The Company's effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015   was   30.5%   based on a pre-tax loss of   $38.4 million   The difference between the effective rate and   35.0%   statutory rate is mainly due to the application of a valuation allowance in   2016  .  With respect to the application of a valuation allowance, the management team considered the likelihood of realizing the future benefits associated with the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.  As a result of this analysis, and based on the current year pre-tax loss and a cumulative loss in the prior three fiscal years, management determined that it is not more likely than not that the future benefit associated with all of the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards will be realized.  As a result, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against all of its net deferred tax assets.  Management evaluates the recoverability of the Company's deferred income tax assets by assessing the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis.  If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be recovered, the valuation allowance will be reduced. 

14. Business Segment Information 
  The Company has determined that it has   two   reportable segments organized based on its products and services well servicing and fluid logistics. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting policies. 
    
  Well Servicing 
  At   September 30, 2016  , our well servicing segment utilized our fleet of   173   well servicing rigs, which was comprised of   159   workover rigs and   14   swabbing rigs,   six   coiled tubing spreads, and other related assets and equipment. These assets are used to provide (i) well maintenance, including remedial repairs and removal and replacement of downhole production equipment, (ii) well workovers, including significant downhole repairs, re-completions and re-perforations, (iii) completion and swabbing activities, (iv) plugging and abandonment services, and (v) pressure testing of oil and natural gas production tubing and scanning tubing for pitting and wall thickness using tubing testing units.  
  Fluid Logistics 
  The fluid logistics segment utilizes our fleet of owned or leased fluid transport trucks and related assets, including specialized vacuum, high pressure pump and tank trucks, frac tanks, salt water disposal wells and facilities, and related equipment.  These assets are used to transport, store and dispose of a variety of drilling and produced fluids used in and generated by oil and natural gas production activities. These services are required in most workover and completion projects and are routinely used in the daily operation of producing wells.  
    
  The following tables set forth certain financial information with respect to the Company s reportable segments for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  : 
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

24 

Table of Contents  

15. Equity Securities 
    
  Common Stock 
  Holders of common stock have no pre-emptive, redemption, conversion, or sinking fund rights. Holders of common stock are entitled to   one   vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of holders of common stock. Unless a different majority is required by law or by the bylaws, resolutions to be approved by holders of common stock require approval by a simple majority of votes cast at a meeting at which a quorum is present. In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company, the holders of common stock are entitled to share equally and ratably in the Company's assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of its debts and liabilities, subject to any liquidation preference on any issued and outstanding preferred stock. 
    
  Series B Preferred Stock - Temporary Equity 
  Under our Series B Certificate of Designation, we are authorized to issue   825,000   shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value   $0.01   per share. On May 28, 2010, the Company completed a private placement of   580,800   shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a price per share of CAD   $26.37   for an aggregate purchase price in the amount of  approximately USD   $14.5 million   based on the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and Canadian dollars then in effect of   $1.00   to CDN   $1.0547  . The Company received net proceeds of USD   $13.8 million   after closing fee paid to investors of USD   $0.3 million   and legal fees and other offering costs of USD   $0.4 million  . This is presented as temporary equity on the balance sheet. On September 1, 2010, the Company paid a dividend in kind by issuing   7,259   shares of Series B Preferred Stock. The common stock into which the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible has certain demand and  piggyback  registration rights. 
  The value of the Series B Preferred Stock, for accounting purposes, is being accreted up to redemption value from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date of the instrument using the effective interest rate method. If the Series B Preferred Stock had been redeemed as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the redemption amount applicable at each date would have been approximately $  15.1 million   and   $14.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  Dividends 
  The Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to receive preferential dividends equal to five percent (  5.0%  ) per annum of the original issue price per share, payable quarterly in February, May, August and November of each year. Such dividends may be paid by the Company in cash or in kind (in the form of additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock). As shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are convertible into shares of our common stock, any dividend paid in kind would have a dilutive effect on our shares of common stock.  
  Preferred stock dividends are recorded at their fair value. If paid in cash, the amount paid represents fair value. If paid in kind, the fair value of the preferred stock dividends would be determined using valuation techniques that include a component representing the intrinsic value of the dividends (which represents the fair value of the common stock into which the preferred stock could be converted) and an option component (which is determined using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model). Dividends and accretion for each of the   three    months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were $  0.2 million  .  Dividends and accretion for each of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were $  0.6 million  . Dividends were paid as required through February 28, 2016. The Company did not make the dividend payments due on May 28, 2016 and August 28, 2016 and does not anticipate making the payment due on November 28, 2016.  In the event that we fail to pay dividends, in cash or in-kind, on the Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate of at least eight quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote at any meeting of the shareholders with the holders of the common shares and to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole common shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock held by such holders are then convertible.  The amount recorded as temporary equity includes all unpaid dividends that may be payable upon redemption. 

25 

Table of Contents  

16. Subsequent Events 
    
  Settlement of Lease Obligations and Other Commitments 
    
            As part of the proposed financial restructuring of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have settled certain lease obligations and other commitments that would otherwise have required the future payment of    $3.2 million   for   $1.9 million   thereby resulting in savings to the Company of approximately   $1.3 million  .  Included among such settlements, on October 25, 2016, each of CCF and TES entered into a settlement and termination agreement with certain equipment lessors whereby it acquired certain equipment and eliminated any ongoing lease obligations. 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
       
  The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and with the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any forward-looking statements made by or on our behalf are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties in that the actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ include risks set forth in the Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Overview 
  Forbes Energy Services Ltd., or FES Ltd., is an independent oilfield services contractor that provides a wide range of well site services to oil and natural gas drilling and producing companies to help develop and enhance the production of oil and natural gas. These services include fluid hauling, fluid disposal, well maintenance, completion services, workovers and re-completions, plugging and abandonment, and tubing testing. Our operations are concentrated in the major onshore oil and natural gas producing regions of Texas, plus one location in Pennsylvania. We believe that our broad range of services, which extends from initial drilling, through production, to eventual abandonment, is fundamental to establishing and maintaining the flow of oil and natural gas throughout the life cycle of our customers  wells. Our headquarters and executive offices are located at 3000 South Business Highway 281, Alice, Texas 78332. We can be reached by phone at (361) 664-0549.  
  As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the  Company,   we,  and  our  mean FES Ltd. and its subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated.  
  We currently provide a wide range of services to a diverse group of companies. In the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we provided services to approximately   400   companies. Our blue-chip customer base includes ConocoPhillips Company, Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, EOG Resources and Chesapeake Energy, among others. John E. Crisp, Charles C. Forbes, Jr. and our senior management team, have cultivated deep and ongoing relationships with these customers during their average of over 39 years of experience in the oilfield services industry. For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we generated consolidated revenues of approximately   $88.2 million  . 
  We currently conduct our operations through the following two business segments: 

Well Servicing  . Our well servicing segment comprised   60.4%   of consolidated revenues for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  At   September 30, 2016  , our well servicing segment utilized our fleet of   173   well servicing rigs, which was comprised of   159   workover rigs and   14   swabbing rigs, as well as   six   coiled tubing spreads, and other related assets and equipment. These assets are used to provide (i) well maintenance, including remedial repairs and removal and replacement of downhole production equipment, (ii) well workovers, including significant downhole repairs, re-completions and re-perforations, (iii) completion and swabbing activities, (iv) plugging and abandonment services, and (v) pressure testing of oil and natural gas production tubing and scanning tubing for pitting and wall thickness using tubing testing units.  

Fluid Logistics  . Our fluid logistics segment comprised   39.6%   of consolidated revenues for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Our fluid logistics segment utilized our fleet of owned or leased fluid transport trucks and related assets, including specialized vacuum, high-pressure pump and tank trucks, hot oil trucks, frac tanks, fluid mixing tanks, salt water disposal wells and facilities, and related equipment. These assets are used to provide, transport, store, and dispose of a variety of drilling and produced fluids used in, and generated by, oil and natural gas production. These services are required in most workover and completion projects and are routinely used in daily operations of producing wells. 
       
  We believe that our two business segments are complementary and create synergies in terms of selling opportunities. Our multiple lines of service are designed to capitalize on our existing customer base to grow it within existing markets, generate more business from existing customers, and increase our operating performance. By offering our customers the ability to reduce the number of vendors they use, we believe that we help improve our customers  efficiency. This is demonstrated by the fact that   67.3%    and   75.5%   of our revenues for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   were from customers that utilized services of both of our business segments. Further, by having multiple service offerings that span the life cycle of the well, we believe that we have a competitive advantage over smaller competitors offering more limited services. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents  

Recent Developments 
    
  Indenture Forbearance Agreement 
    
  On July 15, 2016, the Company and its domestic subsidiaries, or the Guarantor Subs, entered into a forbearance agreement, or the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, with holders of over a majority of the Company s 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Forbearing Holders, pursuant to the indenture, dated as of June 7, 2011, among the Company, as issuer, the Guarantor Subs, as subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, governing the terms of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the 9% Senior Indenture.  Pursuant to the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, the Forbearing Holders agreed that they would forbear through September 16, 2016 from exercising default remedies or accelerating any indebtedness under the 9% Senior Indenture resulting from the Company s failure to make its semi-annual interest payment due on June 15, 2016 on the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Missed Interest Payment.  
  Subsequent to the entrance of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, the Company, the Guarantor Subs and the Forbearing Holders have entered into amendments to the Indenture Forbearance Agreement to extend the forbearance period under the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, which, as of November 14, 2016, is set to expire on the earlier to occur of (i) 11:59 p.m. Central Time on November 15, 2016 and (ii) certain other specified events under the terms of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement, including the termination of the Loan Forbearance Agreement (as defined below). 
    
  Loan Forbearance Agreement 
    
  As previously disclosed, on July 15, 2016, the Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into a forbearance agreement and an amendment, or the Loan Forbearance Agreement, to the Company s loan and security agreement, dated as of September 9, 2011, or the Loan Agreement, with Regions Bank, as agent for the secured parties, or the Agent, and the lenders party thereto, or the Lenders. Pursuant to the Loan Forbearance Agreement, the Agent and the Lenders, or the Loan Forbearing Parties, agreed that they would forbear through October 14, 2016 from exercising default remedies or accelerating any indebtedness under the Loan Agreement resulting from the Missed Interest Payment. 
  On October 14, 2016, the Company, the Guarantor Subs and the Loan Forbearing Parties entered into the First Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Forbearance Agreement Amendment, to extend the forbearance period under the Loan Forbearance Agreement until the earlier to occur of (i) 5:01 p.m. on December 28, 2016 and (ii) certain other specified events under the terms of the Loan Forbearance Agreement.  In connection with the Loan Forbearance Agreement, as amended, the Company is required to maintain cash on deposit of no less than $17.5 million with Agent, and the lenders under the Loan Agreement are not obligated to make additional advances. 
  The Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into the Second Forbearance Amendment and the Loan Forbearance Agreement Amendment to provide the Company and the Guarantor Subs with additional time to continue discussions with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties with respect to a proposed financial restructuring of the Company. 
    The Company and the Guarantor Subs entered into the Indenture Forbearance Agreement and the Loan Forbearance Agreement, each as amended, or the Forbearance Agreements, to provide the Company and the Guarantor Subs with time to continue discussions with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties with respect to a proposed capital restructuring of the Company.   As previously disclosed, the Company has engaged financial and legal advisors to assist it in evaluating potential strategic alternatives.  
  There can be no assurance that the Company and the Guarantor Subs will reach any agreement with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties on a capital restructuring of the Company by the end of the forbearance periods under the Forbearance Agreements, if at all, or that the forbearance periods under the Forbearance Agreements will be extended.  Failure to reach an agreement with the Forbearing Holders and the Loan Forbearing Parties prior to the expiration of the Indenture Forbearance Agreement and the Loan Forbearance Agreement, each as amended, would allow the trustee or the holders of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the 9% Senior Notes, or the Lenders to accelerate the 9% Senior Notes and the loans or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize the Company s ability to continue its current operations.  If the Lenders accelerate the maturity of the Company s debt, the Company will not have sufficient cash on hand or borrowing capacity to satisfy the obligations, and may not be able to pay its debts or refinance it on acceptable terms.  If the Company fails to successfully complete a capital restructuring or should any of the Company's indebtedness be accelerated, the Company does not have adequate liquidity to fund its operations, nor meet its obligations (including its debt payment obligations) and continue as a going concern and may be forced to seek relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (or an involuntary petition for bankruptcy relief or similar creditor action may be filed against it). 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

Settlement of Lease Obligations and Other Commitments 
    
            As part of the proposed financial restructuring of the Company, the Company and its subsidiaries have settled certain lease obligations and other commitments that would otherwise have required the future payment of  $3.2 million for $1.9 million thereby resulting in savings to the Company of approximately $1.3 million.  Included among such settlements, on October 25, 2016, each of CCF and TES entered into a settlement and termination agreement with certain equipment lessors whereby it acquired certain equipment and eliminated any ongoing lease obligations. 
    
    Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
    
  Market Conditions 
    
  The oil and gas industry has experienced a substantial decline in oil exploration and production activity that began in the fourth quarter of 2014 and has continued through the third quarter of 2016.  The price of West Texas Intermediate, or WTI, oil fell precipitously from a price of $104 per barrel as of June 30, 2014 to a low of approximately $26 on February 11, 2016.  Since then, the price of WTI oil has experienced a modest recovery and settled into a trading range of roughly $39 to $48 per barrel during the third quarter of 2016.  On September 30, 2016, the price of WTI oil closed at $47.72 per barrel. In response to this precipitous drop in WTI oil prices, exploration and production companies decreased the number of U.S. drilling rigs from a peak high of 1,873 as of June 30, 2014 to 522 as of September 30, 2016, which accounts for a 72.1% decrease.  During this period, Texas drilling rig count dropped from an average monthly high of 903 in November of 2014 to an average of 243 in September of 2016, a decrease of 73.1%. 
    
     Below are three charts that provide total U.S. rig counts, total Texas rig counts and WTI oil price trends for the twelve months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

29 

     Table of Contents  

Source: Rig counts are per Baker Hughes, Inc. (www.bakerhughes.com). Rig counts are the averages of the weekly rig count activity. 

The declines in oil and natural gas prices and oil and exploration activity have created a more challenging market for the provision of our services. In response to the current market conditions, the Company has implemented cost reduction measures and will continue to analyze cost reduction opportunities while ensuring that appropriate functions and capacity are preserved to allow the Company to be opportunistic when market conditions improve.  Cost reductions, which began in the fourth quarter of 2014 and continued through the   third   quarter of   2016  , include reductions in headcount, labor rates, bonuses, over-time, travel and entertainment, vendor pricing, and other cost controls that contribute to earnings.  The Company has also consolidated locations where levels of activity dictate greater efficiencies with operations performed out of a single location. Capital spending has largely been limited to capital commitments incurred before the market downturn and the purchase of equipment under operating leases nearing the end of their term.   
    
  As the Company expects pricing for its services to remain very competitive through the remainder of 2016 and utilization to remain challenging, costs and structure will continually be evaluated based on the changing market conditions with a focus on continuous process improvements. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Oil and Natural Gas Prices 
    
  Demand for well servicing and fluid logistics services is generally a function of the willingness of oil and natural gas companies to make operating and capital expenditures to explore for, develop and produce oil and natural gas, which in turn is affected by current and anticipated levels of oil and natural gas prices. Exploration and production spending is generally categorized as either operating expenditures or capital expenditures. Activities by oil and natural gas companies designed to add oil and natural gas reserves are classified as capital expenditures, and those associated with maintaining or accelerating production, such as workover and fluid logistics services, are categorized as operating expenditures. Operating expenditures are typically more stable than capital expenditures and are less sensitive to oil and natural gas price volatility.  However, in the current market environment our customers are even limiting these expenditures.  In contrast, capital expenditures by oil and natural gas companies for drilling are more directly influenced by current and expected oil and natural gas prices and generally reflect the volatility of commodity prices including the precipitous decline in oil and natural gas prices that began in late 2014 and continued through the   third   quarter of   2016   with only a recent modest increase in the price of oil. 
    
  Workover Rig Rates 
    
  Our well servicing segment revenues are dependent on the prevailing market rates for workover rigs. Utilization decreased by   16.4%   in the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  , while rates decreased by   23.3%  . 

Fluid Logistics Rates 
    
  Our fluid logistics segment revenues are dependent on the prevailing market rates for fluid transport trucks and the related assets, including specialized vacuum, high-pressure pump and tank trucks, hot oil trucks, frac tanks, fluid mixing tanks and salt water disposal wells. Pricing and utilization decreased through   2015   and continued to decrease through the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   in response to market conditions. 
    
  Operating Expenses 
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , operating expenses decreased at a slightly slower rate than the reduction in revenues in both the well servicing and fluid logistics segments. Most variable costs, which are directly tied to revenues, decreased comparably with, or more than, the decrease in revenues; however, those decreases were partially offset by the factors noted below under Results of Operations.  Future earnings and cash flows will be dependent on our ability to manage our overall cost structure as well as continued efforts to maintain or increase rates to customers. 
    
  Capital Expenditures 
    
  During the   third   quarter of   2016  , capital expenditures primarily consisted of purchases of pickup trucks and vacuum trucks whose operating leases had reached the end of their term. 

Results of Operations 
    
  The following discussion, as well as the discussion found under "Liquidity and Capital Resources," compares our consolidated financial information for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  The following table compares our operating results for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages). Operating expenses exclude general and administrative expenses, depreciation, and amortization. 
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

The following table compares segment profits for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages). 

(1) Excluding depreciation and amortization. 
  . 
  Consolidated Revenues.   The decrease in consolidated revenues is a result of a continuing decline in activity in both the well servicing and fluid logistics segments in the   third   quarter of   2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due to the continuing market decline as described more fully under "Market Conditions" above.  These decreases in revenues were driven by price concessions and a decrease in billable hours for both our well servicing and fluid logistics segments. 
  Well Servicing.   Our well servicing segment revenues are dependent on the prevailing market rates and utilization of our workover rigs, coiled tubing units and tubing testing units. Revenues from the well servicing segment decreased by   $17.6 million   or   49.9%   from the   third   quarter of   2015   to the   third   quarter of   2016   due to a decline in both utilization and rates. 
             
            Fluid Logistics.   The current market decline resulted in revenues from the fluid logistics segment decreasing due to a decrease in trucking hours, price reductions, and decreased frac tank rentals for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period ended   September 30, 2015  .  Billable trucking hours decreased during the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   by approximately   44.6%   when compared to the   three   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Skim oil revenues declined with lower activity and skim oil sales prices. Our principal fluid logistics assets at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

(1)    At   September 30, 2016  , 24 vacuum trucks included in the above equipment count were leased. 
   (2)    At   September 30, 2016  , 15 salt water disposal wells, included in the above well count, were subject to ground leases or other operating arrangements to third parties. The above well count does not include one well that has been permitted and drilled but has not been completed. 
   (3)    At   September 30, 2016  , 88 frac tanks included in the above frac tank count were leased. 
    
  Consolidated Operating Expenses.   The decrease in direct operating expenses for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year was attributable to lower operating hours related to the industry downturn. The increase in consolidated operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the factors noted directly below under the well servicing and fluid logistics operating expense sections. 
  Well Servicing.   Direct operating costs as a percentage of revenues were   82.8%   and   80.5%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, an increase of   2.3%  .  The primary factors causing the increase were wage expense declining at a slower rate than the decline in revenues, and repairs and maintenance expense also dropping at a slower rate than  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

the decline in revenues due to certain repairs required during the current quarter.  These were partially offset by a decrease in insurance expense primarily driven by a $0.9 million adjustment in the actuarial accrual of outstanding liabilities under the self-funded portion of the Company s insurance program, as well as a reduction in operating lease expense of approximately $1.3 million resulting from the Company purchasing assets as leases reached their terms.  
  Fluid Logistics.   Direct operating costs as a percentage of revenues were   95.7%   and   90.3%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, an increase of   5.4%  .  The driving factors for the increase were wage expense declining at a slower rate than revenues due to an increase in overtime wages as a percentage of revenues, an increase in fuel expense as a percentage of revenues due to the fuel prices remaining stable as compared to our rate per hour which decreased, and a $0.5 million shift in gain/loss on disposal of assets. In the third quarter of 2015, the Company recognized a $0.3 million gain on disposal of assets as compared to the third quarter of 2016 where the Company recognized a loss of $0.2 million on disposal of assets.  These changes were partially offset by a reduction in operating lease expense of approximately $1.1 million resulting from the Company purchasing assets as leases reached their terms.  
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses decreased by approximately   $2.2 million   to   $4.2 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $6.3 million   for the same period in   2015  . General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues were   15.0%   and   11.4%   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The increase was primarily due to insurance costs declining at a slower rate than the decline in revenues and professional fees remaining constant between the two quarters as revenues dropped by 50.0%. 
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by   $1.2 million  , or   8.8%  , to   $12.5 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $13.7 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decrease was due to lower capital expenditures, along with the steady decline in our asset base, as assets become fully depreciated. 
  Interest and Other Expenses  . Interest and other expenses were comparable for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
  Income Taxes.   We recognized an income tax benefit of   $0.0 million   and   $4.7 million   for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. Our effective tax rate for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   is   0.0%   compared to   26.0%   for the same period in the prior year. The difference in the tax rate is primarily due to application of a valuation allowance in   2016  .  With respect to the application of a valuation allowance, the management team considered the likelihood of realizing the future benefits associated with the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.  As a result of this analysis, and based on the current year pre-tax loss and a cumulative loss in the prior three fiscal years, management determined that it is not more likely than not that the future benefit associated with all of the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards will be realized.  As a result, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against all of its net deferred tax assets.  Management evaluates the recoverability of our deferred income tax assets by assessing the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis.  If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be recovered, the valuation allowance will be reduced. 
   
  Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2016   Compared to   Nine Months Ended     September 30, 2015    
  The following table compares our operating results for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages). Operating expenses exclude general and administrative expenses, depreciation, and amortization.   

  The following table compares segment profits for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands, except percentages). 
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

(1) Excluding depreciation and amortization. 
  (2) Excluding loss on impairment of assets of   $14.5 million  .  
  Consolidated Revenues.   The decrease in consolidated revenues is a result of decreased activity in the well servicing and fluid logistics segments for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in   2015   due to the current decrease in spending by our customers during this period of low oil and natural gas prices. 
    
  Well Servicing.   Our well servicing segment revenues are dependent on the prevailing market rates and utilization of our workover rigs, coiled tubing units and tubing testing units.  Revenues from the well servicing segment decreased by   $72.4 million  , or   57.6%  , from the   third   quarter of   2015   to the   third   quarter of   2016   due to a decline in utilization and rates. 
    
  Fluid Logistics.   Revenues from the fluid logistics segment decreased due to a decrease in trucking hours and price reductions in addition to a decrease in frac tank rentals for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period ended   September 30, 2015  .  Billable trucking hours decreased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   approximately   49.9%   when compared to the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . Utilization and rate decreases resulted from the current market downturn. Skim oil revenues declined with lower activity and skim oil sales prices.  
    
   Consolidated Operating Expenses.   The decrease in direct operating expenses for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year was attributable to lower operating hours related to the industry downturn.  The increase in consolidated operating expenses as a percentage of revenue was primarily due to the factors noted directly below under the well servicing and fluid logistics operating expense sections. 
  Well Servicing.   Direct operating costs as a percentage of revenues were   88.4%   and   75.3%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, an increase of   13.1%  .  This increase was primarily due to a jump in insurance expense largely driven by an increase of approximately $1.1 million in workers compensation deductible insurance, which the Company did not have in 2015, an increase in bad debt expense of $0.4 million over the prior year as it has become more difficult for customers to pay their bills under current market conditions, and a large swing of $0.9 million in gain/loss on disposal of assets. In 2015, the Company recognized a gain of $0.4 million on disposal of assets as compared to 2016 where the Company recognized a loss of $0.5 million on disposal of assets.  These were partially offset by a reduction in operating lease expense of approximately $1.8 million resulting from the Company purchasing assets as leases reached their terms.  
    
  Fluid Logistics.   Direct operating costs as a percentage of revenues were   96.6%   and   80.2%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively, an increase of   16.4%  .  This increase was primarily due to a jump in insurance expense largely driven by an increase of approximately $0.6 million in workers compensation deductible insurance, which the Company did not have in 2015, an increase in frac tank expense in comparison to the prior year due to the resolution in the first half of 2015 of a settlement from a prior year's dispute which resulted in a reduction in frac tank expense in the first half of 2015 of just under $0.8 million, and an increase in bad debt expense of $0.3 million over the prior year as it has become more difficult for customers to pay their bills under current market conditions.  These were partially offset by a reduction in operating lease expense of approximately $2.7 million resulting from the Company purchasing assets as leases reached their terms.  
  General and Administrative Expenses  . General and administrative expenses decreased by approximately   $7.1 million   to   $15.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   22.4 million   for the same period in   2015  . General and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues was   17.4%   and   11.1%   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  The increase was primarily due to insurance costs declining at a slower rate than the decline in revenues and professional fees remaining constant between the two periods as revenues dropped by 56.5%. 
  Depreciation and Amortization  . Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased by   $1.9 million  , or   4.6%  , to   $39.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $41.6 million   for the same period in   2015  . The decrease was due to lower capital expenditures, along with the steady decline in our asset base, as assets become fully depreciated. 
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

Interest and Other Expenses  . Interest and other expenses were comparable for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in the prior year.  
  Income Taxes.   We recognized an income tax expense of   $37.9 thousand   and an income tax benefit of   $11.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively. Our effective tax rate for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   is   (0.1)%   compared to   30.5%   for the same period in the prior year.  The difference in the tax rate is due to the application of a valuation allowance in 2016.  With respect to the application of a valuation allowance, the management team considered the likelihood of realizing the future benefits associated with the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.  As a result of this analysis, and based on the current year pre-tax loss and a cumulative loss in the prior three fiscal years, management determined that it is not more likely than not that the future benefit associated with all of the Company's existing deductible temporary differences and carryforwards will be realized.  As a result, the Company maintained a valuation allowance against all of its net deferred tax assets.  Management evaluates the recoverability of our deferred income tax assets by assessing the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis.  If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be recovered, the valuation allowance will be reduced. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Overview 
  During the last thirty-six months, we have funded our operations, including capital expenditures, through our cash flow from operations and a drawing on our revolving credit facility. Prior to this time, we had historically funded our operations and capital expenditures with bank borrowings, vendor financings, cash flow from operations, the issuance of senior notes and the proceeds from our public and private equity offerings. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   $53.0 million   in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents,   $296.4 million   in contractual debt and capital leases.  Also, as of   September 30, 2016  , we had   588,059   outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which is reflected in the balance sheet as temporary equity in the amount of   $15.1 million  .  During periods when the Company's common stock maintains a five-day volume weighted average trading price above $3.33 per share, the Series B Preferred Stock is redeemable, in whole or in part, at the Company's option for a price of $25 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Nevertheless, if the Company elects to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock, the holders thereof would have the opportunity prior to redemption to convert each share of the Series B Preferred Stock into nine shares of common stock.  In May 2017, the Company is required to redeem the Series B Preferred Stock at 95% of the fair market value of the common stock, into which the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible, as determined in accordance with the certificate of designation of the Series B Preferred Stock. Dividends were paid as required through February 28, 2016. The Company did not make the dividend payments due on May 28, 2016 and August 28, 2016 and does not anticipate making the payment due on November 28, 2016.  In the event that we fail to pay dividends, in cash or in-kind, on the Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate of at least eight quarterly dividend periods (whether or not consecutive), the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock will be entitled to vote at any meeting of the shareholders with the holders of the common shares and to cast the number of votes equal to the number of whole common shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock held by such holders are then convertible.  The amount recorded as temporary equity includes all unpaid dividends that may be payable upon redemption. 
  The   $296.4 million   in contractual debt was comprised of   $277.4 million   in Senior Notes, net of deferred financing costs,   $4.0 million   in equipment notes and   $15.0 million   drawn on our revolving credit facility. Of our total debt,   $295.8 million   was short-term debt outstanding or the current portion of long-term debt and   $0.6 million   of the outstanding contractual debt was classified as long-term debt.  We incurred   $2.2 million   and   $7.0 million   for capital equipment acquisitions during the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared to   $0.7 million   and   $8.2 million   for the   three   and   nine   months ended   September 30,     2015  , respectively.   In connection with the Loan Forbearance Agreement, during the forbearance period,  the Lenders are not obligated to make further advances to the Company under the Loan Agreement. 
  On September 9, 2011, the Company entered into the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement, as amended,  provides for an asset based revolving credit facility with a maximum borrowing credit of $90.0 million subject to borrowing base availability, any reserves established by the facility agent in its discretion, compliance with a fixed coverage charge ratio covenant if availability under the facility falls below certain thresholds and, for borrowings above $75.0 million, compliance with the debt incurrence covenant in the 9% Senior Indenture that prohibits the incurrence of debt except for certain limited exceptions, including indebtedness incurred under the permitted credit facility debt basket to the greater of $75.0 million or 18% of our Consolidated Tangible Assets (as defined in the 9% Senior Indenture) reported for the last fiscal quarter for which financial statements are available. Under the 9% Senior Indenture, Consolidated Tangible Assets is defined as our total assets, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, excluding unamortized debt discount and expenses and other unamortized deferred charges, to the extent such items are non-cash expenses or charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other items properly classified as intangibles in accordance with GAAP. As of   September 30, 2016  , 18% of our Consolidated Tangible Assets was approximately   $59.3 million  . Under the Loan Agreement,  
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

our borrowing base at any time is equal to (i) 85% of eligible accounts, which are determined by the Agent in its reasonable discretion, plus (ii) the lesser of 85% of the appraised value, subject to certain adjustments, of our equipment that has been properly pledged and appraised, is in good operating condition and is located in the United States, or 100% of the net book value of such equipment, minus (iii) any reserves established by the Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
  As amended, the Loan Agreement has a stated maturity of July 26, 2018.  In June 2015, FES LLC borrowed   $15.0 million   under the facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , the facility had a revolving loan balance outstanding of   $15.0 million   and   $9.1 million   in letters of credit outstanding against the facility.  Absent the effect of the event of default resulting from the non-payment of interest due on June 15, 2016 on the 9% Senior Notes and the related Loan Forbearance Agreement, the borrowing availability under the facility would be   $50.9 million  . 
  The Loan Agreement contains customary covenants for an asset-based credit facility, which include (i) restrictions on certain mergers, consolidations and sales of assets; (ii) restrictions on the creation or existence of liens; (iii) restrictions on making certain investments; (iv) restrictions on the incurrence or existence of indebtedness; (v) restrictions on transactions with affiliates; (vi) requirements to deliver financial statements, reports and notices to the Agent and (vii) a springing requirement to maintain a consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (which is defined in the Loan Agreement) of   1.1  :  1.0   in the event that our excess availability under the credit facility falls below the greater of   $11.3 million   or   15.0%   of our maximum credit under the facility for   sixty   consecutive days; provided that, the restrictions described in (i)-(v) above are subject to certain exceptions and permissions limited in scope and dollar value. The Loan Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and event of default provisions.  
  Borrowings under the Loan Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to either (a) the LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin of between 2.00% to 2.50% based on borrowing availability or (b) a base rate plus an applicable margin of between 1.00% to 1.50% based on borrowing availability, where the base rate is equal to the greater of the prime rate established by Regions Bank, the overnight federal funds rate plus 0.50% or the LIBOR rate for a one-month period plus 1.00%.  The Company's interest rate as of   September 30, 2016   was   2.5%  . 
       
  In June 2011, the Company issued $280.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 9% Senior Notes.  The 9% Senior Indenture and the Loan Agreement, governing our senior secured revolving credit facility impose significant restrictions on us and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions that could limit our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing. For example, the 9% Senior Indenture only allows us to incur indebtedness, other than certain specific types of permitted indebtedness, if such indebtedness is unsecured and if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the 9% Senior Indenture) for the most recently completed four full fiscal quarters is at least 2.0 to 1.0. We are currently able to incur indebtedness under this ratio. Our credit facility only allows us to incur specific types of permitted indebtedness, which includes a $40.0 million basket of permitted indebtedness for capital leases, mortgage financings or purchase money obligations incurred for the purpose of installation or improvement of property, plant or equipment.  
    
  Should we fail to satisfy our obligations under the 9% Senior Indenture, the Loan Agreement governing our credit facility and any future debt agreements we may enter into could constitute an event of default under one or more of such agreements. Further, due to cross-default provisions in our debt agreements, a default and acceleration of our outstanding debt under one debt agreement may result in the default and acceleration of outstanding debt under the other debt agreements. Accordingly, an event of default could result in all or a portion of our outstanding debt becoming immediately due and payable. If this should occur, we might not be able to obtain waivers or secure alternative financing to satisfy all of our obligations simultaneously. Our ability to access the capital markets or to consummate any asset sales might be restricted at a time when we would like or need to raise capital. These events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows and our ability to satisfy our obligations. 
    
  We are permitted under the terms of the 9% Senior Indenture to incur additional indebtedness in the future, provided that certain financial conditions set forth in the 9% Senior Indenture are satisfied. We are subject to certain covenants contained in the 9% Senior Indenture, including provisions that limit or restrict us and certain future subsidiaries' abilities to incur additional debt, to create, incur or permit to exist certain liens on assets, to make certain dispositions of assets, to make payments on certain subordinated indebtedness, to pay dividends or certain other payments to FES Ltd.'s equity holders, to engage in mergers, consolidations or other fundamental changes, to change the nature of its business or to engage in transactions with affiliates. Due to cross-default provisions in the 9% Senior Indenture and the Loan Agreement governing our revolving credit facility, with certain exceptions, a default and acceleration of outstanding debt under one debt agreement would result in the default and possible acceleration of outstanding debt under the other debt agreement.  Accordingly, an event of default could result in all or a portion of our outstanding debt under our debt agreements becoming immediately due and payable.  If this occurred, we might not be able to obtain waivers or secure alternative financing to satisfy all of our obligations simultaneously, which would adversely affect our business and operations. 

36 

     Table of Contents  

Forbearance Agreements 
    
  Refer to the Recent Developments section above for details regarding the forbearance agreements the Company has recently entered into and subsequent amendments.  There are no new liquidity restrictions in the First Amendment to the Loan Forbearance Agreement; however in connection with that agreement, as noted above, the Company is required to maintain cash on deposit of no less than $17.5 million with Agent, and the lenders under the Loan Agreement are not obligated to make additional advances. 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  Our cash flows depend, to a large degree, on the level of spending by oil and gas companies' development and production activities. The sustained decreases in the price of oil and natural gas have had a material impact on these activities, and could also materially affect our future cash flows. Certain sources and uses of cash, such as the level of discretionary capital expenditures, purchases and sales of investments, issuances and repurchases of debt and of our common stock are within our control and are adjusted as necessary based on market conditions. 
    
  Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
    
  Cash flows used in operating activities was $2.5 million for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and cash flows provided by operating activities was   $46.1 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease in cash from operating activities of   $48.7 million   was primarily a combination of a larger net loss in the first three quarters of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, coupled with a reduction in cash provided by the change in accounts receivable.  This was largely offset by the Company's election not to make its $12.6 million semi-annual interest payment due on the 9% Senior Notes on June 15, 2016. 
    
  Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
    
     Cash flows used in investing activities was   $15.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $5.4 million   for the same period in   2015  .  The change was primarily due to a $9.5 million change in restricted cash, as the Company cash collateralized its letters of credit during the third quarter of 2016. 
  Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
    
  Cash flows used in financing activities was   $3.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and cash flows provided by financing activities was   $9.8 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , a reduction of approximately   $13.1 million  , primarily due to a $15 million draw on our revolving credit facility in the second quarter of 2015.  
    
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  The Company is often party to certain transactions that require off-balance sheet arrangements such as performance bonds, guarantees, operating leases for equipment, and bank guarantees that are not reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets.  These arrangements are made in our normal course of business and they are not reasonably likely to have a current or future material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or cash flows.  See Note 10 - Commitment and Contingencies. 
    
  Contractual Obligations and Financing 
    
  In May 2017, the Company is required to redeem any of its shares of Series B Preferred Stock then outstanding. Such mandatory redemption may, at the Company s election, be paid in cash or common stock (valued for such purpose at 95% of the then fair market value of the common stock). As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   588,059   shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

The table below provides estimated timing of future payments for which we were obligated as of   September 30, 2016  . 

(1)         As a result of the Company entering into the forbearance agreements discussed in Note 3 - Basis of Presentation, the $15 million drawn on the revolving credit facility and the $280 million outstanding on the 9% Senior Notes are both classified as current in this table and in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
   (2)      The 2016 interest on debt figure includes the $12.6 million Missed Interest Payment discussed in Note 3 - Basis of Presentation.  The 2017-2018 and 2019-2020 interest on debt figures are comprised of the $12.6 million semi-annual interest payments that would be due on the 9% Senior Notes every June 15th and December 15th under the agreement.  If the $280 million outstanding on the 9% Senior Notes becomes due immediately, future interest on that debt would not be owed. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  Our operations are impacted by seasonal factors. Historically, our business has been negatively impacted during the winter months due to inclement weather, fewer daylight hours, and holidays. Our well servicing rigs are mobile and we operate a significant number of oilfield vehicles. During periods of heavy snow, ice or rain, we may not be able to move our equipment between locations, thereby reducing our ability to generate rig or truck hours. In addition, the majority of our well servicing rigs work only during daylight hours. In the winter months, as daylight time becomes shorter, the amount of time that the well servicing rigs work is shortened, which has a negative impact on total hours worked.  
  In addition, the oil and natural gas industry has traditionally been volatile and is influenced by a combination of long-term, short-term and cyclical trends, including the domestic and international supply and demand for oil and natural gas, current and expected future prices for oil and natural gas and the perceived stability and sustainability of those prices.  Such cyclical trends also include the resultant levels of cash flows generated and allocated by exploration and production companies to their drilling, completion and workover budget. The volatility of the oil and natural gas industry and the recent precipitous decline in oil and natural gas prices have negatively impacted the level of exploration and production activity and capital expenditures by our customers. This has adversely affected, and in the near future will likely adversely affect, the demand for our services, which has had, and if it continues, will continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
    
  The preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the applicable reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, management reviews its estimates, particularly those related to depreciation and amortization methods, useful lives and impairment of long-lived assets, and asset retirement obligations, using currently available information. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, and actual results could differ from those estimates. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies and estimates set forth in Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Impairment 
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company experienced a triggering event resulting from the continuing decline in operating revenues due to an industry-wide slowdown, which began in the second half of 2014.  An impairment loss of   $14.5 million   was recorded as a component of operating expenses based on the amount that the carrying value of certain intangibles  
  
   38 

     Table of Contents  

exceeded the fair value of such intangibles during the second quarter of 2016.  The Company did not experience any triggering events in the third quarter. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  There have been no material changes to the market risk disclosures set forth in Item 7A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.   Controls and Procedures 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  . The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September 30, 2016  , our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures over financial reporting were effective. 
    
    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
   There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended   September 30, 2016   that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

40 

Table of Contents  

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
       
  There are no pending material legal proceedings, and the Company is not aware of any material threatened legal proceedings, to which the Company is a party or to which its property is subject that would have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial statements as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
       
  A description of our risk factors can be found in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and under item 1 of Part II of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.  

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
       
  None. 

Item 3. 
    Default Upon Senior Securities 
       
  None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.   Other Information 
    
  As the Company previously announced, the Company received a letter dated September 30, 2015 from the staff of NASDAQ, or the Staff, providing notification that, for the previous 30 consecutive business days, the bid price for the Company s common stock had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share requirement for continued listing on The NASDAQ Global Market under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company was provided an initial period of 180 calendar days, or until March 28, 2016, to regain compliance. Because the Company transferred its common stock listing from The NASDAQ Global Market to The NASDAQ Capital Market on March 31, 2016 and met the applicable requirements for initial listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market with the exception of the bid price requirement, the Company received an additional 180 calendar compliance period, or until September 26, 2016, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. The Company provided written notice to the Staff of the Company s intention to cure the minimum bid price deficiency during such compliance period by effecting a reverse stock split. On June 10, 2016 the shareholders of the Company approved a resolution authorizing the board of directors to effect a reverse split of the Company s common stock to cure the minimum bid price deficiency and to maintain eligibility to be listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market. No such reverse stock split has yet been effected.  
    
  On September 27, 2016, the Company received notice from the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company's securities from the NASDAQ Capital Market due to the Company's continued non-compliance with the minimum bid price requirement as of September 26, 2016, unless the Company timely requests a hearing before the NASDAQ Hearings Panel, or the Panel.  The Company filed such a request on October 3, 2016 and is currently scheduled to appear before the Panel on November 17, 2016. 
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

Item 6. Exhibits 
                         Number 

Description of Exhibits 

3.1 

Certificate of Formation of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (including the certificates of designation for the Company s Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock attached as appendices thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      3.3 

Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Conversion as filed with the Secretary of the State of the State of Texas, effective May 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 filed May 14, 2014). 
      4.1 

Rights Agreement dated as of May 19, 2008 between Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit A the Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Shares, as Exhibit B the form of Right Certificate and as Exhibit C the form of Summary of Rights to Purchase Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed June 27, 2008, Registration No. 333-150853). 
      4.2 

Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of July 8, 2013 between Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 8, 2013). 
      4.3 

Indenture, dated June 7, 2011 among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2011). 
      4.4 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series B Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 25, 2011). 
      4.5 

Specimen Certificate for the Company s common stock, $0.04 par value (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      10.1 

Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement made and entered into on July 15, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., Forbes Energy Services LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC, Forbes Energy International, LLC, lenders party thereto and Regions Bank, as agent for such lenders and other secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed August 15, 2016). 
      10.2 

Forbearance Agreement made and entered into on July 15, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, or the issuer, of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Notes, issued pursuant to that certain indenture dated as of June 7, 2011 by and among the Issuer, Guarantors (as defined below) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, Forbes Energy Services LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC and Forbes Energy International, LLC, or the Guarantors, and certain beneficial holders of the Notes party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed August 15, 2016). 
      10.3 

Amendment No. 1 to the Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, or the Issuer, of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Notes, issued pursuant to that certain indenture dated as of June 7, 2011 by and among the Issuer, the Guarantors (as defined below) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, Forbes Energy Services, LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC and Forbes Energy International, LLC, or the Guarantors, and certain beneficial holders of the Notes party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 16, 2016). 
      10.4 

Amendment No. 2 to the Forbearance Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
      10.5 

First Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement made and entered into on October 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
      31.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
      31.2* 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
      32.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2* 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101* 

Interactive Data Files 

_________________________ 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

* 
    Filed herewith. 

43 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FORBES ENERGY SERVICES LTD. 

November 14, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /s/ J  OHN   E. C  RISP 

John E. Crisp 
  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

November 14, 2016 
      
    By: 
      
    /  S  / L. M  ELVIN   C  OOPER 

L. Melvin Cooper 
  Senior Vice President, 
  Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

44 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX    
                         Number 

Description of Exhibits 
      3.1 

Certificate of Formation of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (including the certificates of designation for the Company s Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock attached as appendices thereto) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      3.2 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      3.3 

Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Conversion, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Texas, effective May 14, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2014 filed May 14, 2014). 
      4.1 

Rights Agreement dated as of May 19, 2008 between Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, as Rights Agent, which includes as Exhibit A the Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Shares, as Exhibit B the form of Right Certificate and as Exhibit C the form of Summary of Rights to Purchase Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed June 27, 2008, Registration No. 333-150853). 
      4.2 

Amendment to Rights Agreement dated as of July 8, 2013 between Forbes Energy Services Ltd. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 8, 2013). 
      4.3 

Indenture, dated June 7, 2011 among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2011). 
      4.4 

Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series B Senior Convertible Preferred Shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 25, 2011). 
      4.5 

Specimen Certificate for the Company s common stock, $0.04 par value (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed August 12, 2011). 
      10.1 

Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement made and entered into on July 15, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., Forbes Energy Services LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC, Forbes Energy International, LLC, lenders party thereto and Regions Bank, as agent for such lenders and other secured parties (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed August 15, 2016). 
      10.2 

Forbearance Agreement made and entered into on July 15, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, or the issuer, of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Notes, issued pursuant to that certain indenture dated as of June 7, 2011 by and among the Issuer, Guarantors (as defined below) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, Forbes Energy Services LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC and Forbes Energy International, LLC, or the Guarantors, and certain beneficial holders of the Notes party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016 filed August 15, 2016). 
      10.3 

Amendment No. 1 to the Forbearance Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2016, by and among Forbes Energy Services Ltd., as issuer, or the Issuer, of the 9% senior notes due 2019, or the Notes, issued pursuant to that certain indenture dated as of June 7, 2011 by and among the Issuer, the Guarantors (as defined below) and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, Forbes Energy Services, LLC, TX Energy Services, LLC, C.C. Forbes, LLC and Forbes Energy International, LLC, or the Guarantors, and certain beneficial holders of the Notes party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 16, 2016). 
      10.4 

Amendment No. 2 to the Forbearance Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
      10.5 

First Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement made and entered into on October 14, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2016). 
      31.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
      31.2* 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
      32.1* 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      32.2* 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
      101* 

Interactive Data Files 

_________________________ 
           * 
    Filed herewith. 
     
   45 

     Table of Contents  

46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a201610qq3fes-ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
    
  I, John E. Crisp, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Forbes Energy Services Ltd.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ John E. Crisp 
        
    John E. Crisp 
        
    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a201610qq3fes-ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
  RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 
    
  I, L. Melvin Cooper, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Forbes Energy Services Ltd.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ L. Melvin Cooper 
        
    L. Melvin Cooper 
        
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
        
    (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
      Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a201610qq3fes-ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with this Quarterly Report of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (the "Company") filed on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John E. Crisp, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ John E. Crisp 
        
    John E. Crisp 
        
    Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 
      Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a201610qq3fes-ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with this Quarterly Report of Forbes Energy Services Ltd. (the "Company") filed on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, L. Melvin Cooper, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ L. Melvin Cooper 
        
    L. Melvin Cooper 
        
    Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Secretary 
      Date: November 14, 2016 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 fes-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 fes-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 fes-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 fes-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fes-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 fes-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

