<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161219_10-K_edgar_data_1601046_0001601046-16-000077_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18736593</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>472190</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>897272</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6272651</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8201170</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2567794</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>82</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001601046-16-000077.hdr.sgml : 20161219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161219162226
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001601046-16-000077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Keysight Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601046
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INSTRUMENTS FOR MEASUREMENT, DISPLAY, AND CONTROL [3823]
		IRS NUMBER:				464254555
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36334
		FILM NUMBER:		162059186

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 FOUNTAINGROVE PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA ROSA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95403
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8774244536

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 FOUNTAINGROVE PARKWAY
		CITY:			SANTA ROSA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95403

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001601046-16-000077.txt : 20161219

10-K
 1
 keys-10312016x10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  _____________________________________________________________ 
  Form 10-K 
  _____________________________________________________________ 

Commission File Number:   001-36334 
  _____________________________________________________________ 
  Keysight Technologies, Inc. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)                   Delaware 
      
    46-4254555 
      State or other jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or organization 
      
    I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No. 

Address of principal executive offices: 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway, Santa Rosa, CA 95403 
  Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (800) 829-4444 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:                   Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 
      Common Stock 
  par value $0.01 per share 
      
    New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
  _____________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   x   No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes   o   No   x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   x   No   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   x   No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.                           Large accelerated filer   x 
      
    Accelerated filer   o 
      
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
      
    Smaller reporting company   o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o   No   x 
  The aggregate market value of common equity held by non-affiliates as of April 30, 2016 was approximately $3 billion, based upon the closing price of the Registrant's common stock as quoted on New York Stock Exchange on such date. Shares of stock held by officers, directors and 5 percent or more stockholders have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
  As of December 15, 2016, there were 171,445,423 shares of our common stock outstanding. 
  _____________________________________________________________ 
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE                   Document Description 
      
    10-K Part    
      Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy Statement") to be held on March 16, 2017 and to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after registrant's fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report. 
      
    III 

Table of Contents                

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Forward-Looking Statements  
    3 
       PART I  
      
       Item 1  
     Business  
    3 
       Item 1A  
     Risk Factors  
    15 
       Item 1B  
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    26 
       Item 2  
     Properties  
    26 
       Item 3  
     Legal Proceedings  
    26 
       Item 4  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    26 
       PART II  
      
       Item 5  
     Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    27 
       Item 6  
     Selected Financial Data  
    29 
       Item 7  
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    30 
       Item 7A  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    46 
       Item 8  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    48 
       Item 9  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    96 
       Item 9A  
     Controls and Procedures  
    96 
       Item 9B  
     Other Information  
    96 
       PART III  
      
       Item 10  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    96 
       Item 11  
     Executive Compensation  
    97 
       Item 12  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    97 
       Item 13  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    98 
       Item 14  
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
    98 
       PART IV  
      
       Item 15  
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
    98 

2 

Table of Contents                

Forward-Looking Statements 
  This report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality, cyclicality and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, our strategic direction, our future effective tax rate and tax valuation allowance, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, remediation activities, new product and service introductions, the ability of our products to meet market needs, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our purchase commitments, our contributions to our pension plans, the selection of discount rates and recognition of any gains or losses for our benefit plans, our cost-control activities, savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our acquisitions and other transactions, our transition to lower-cost regions, and the existence of economic instability, that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in Item 1A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
   
  PART I 
   
  Item 1.      Business 
   
  Overview 
  Keysight Technologies, Inc. ("we," "us," "Keysight" or the "company ), incorporated in Delaware on December 6, 2013, is a measurement company providing electronic design and test solutions to communications and electronics industries. We provide electronic design and test instruments and systems and related software, software design tools, and related services that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment. Related services include start-up assistance, instrument productivity, application services and instrument calibration and repair. We also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product lifecycle. 
  On November 1, 2014, Keysight became an independent publicly-traded company through the distribution by Agilent Technologies Inc. ("Agilent") of 100 percent of the outstanding common stock of Keysight to Agilent's shareholders (the "Separation"). Each Agilent shareholder of record as of the close of business on October 22, 2014 received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held on the record date.   Approximately 167 million shares of Keysight common stock were distributed on November 1, 2014 to Agilent shareholders. Keysight's   Registration Statement on Form 10 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on October 6, 2014. Keysight's common stock began trading the "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "KEYS" on the New York Stock Exchange on November 3, 2014. 
  On August 13, 2015, we acquired all of the share capital of Anite plc ("Anite"), for a cash purchase price of $558 million, net of $43 million cash acquired. Anite was a United Kingdom ("U.K.")-based global company with strong software expertise and a leading supplier of wireless test solutions. This acquisition strengthened our wireless software design and test portfolio and its Network Test business expanded our served addressable market. Coupled with Keysight's expertise in helping customers design and test hardware, we can now provide customers with more comprehensive wireless hardware and software solutions. Anite s Network Test business will also enable us to provide innovative solutions that help customers deliver an outstanding experience for mobile users in the network. Keysight funded the acquisition using existing cash. 
  We have a comprehensive sales strategy that uses our direct sales force, distributors, resellers and manufacturer's representatives. The strategy varies based on the size of customer, the complexity of products and geographical coverage. We generated $2.9 billion of net revenue in fiscal year 2016, 2015 and 2014. Of our total net revenue of $2.9 billion for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016, we generated 35 percent in the United States and 65 percent outside the United States. As of October 31, 2016, we had approximately 10,300 employees worldwide. Our primary research and development and manufacturing sites are in California and Colorado in the United States and outside of the United States in Belgium, China, Finland, Germany, U.K., India, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, Spain and Switzerland. 
    
  Net revenue, income from operations and assets by business segment as of and for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are shown in Note 21, "Segment Information," to our combined and consolidated financial statements, which we incorporate by reference herein. 
  We had approximately 15,500 direct customers for our products and services in fiscal year 2016 and approximately 30,000 customers including indirect channels. No single customer represented 10 percent or more of our net revenue. Many of our customers acquire products and services across multiple segments. 
  
   3 

     Table of Contents                

Strategies 
  With a singular focus on electronic design and test, we deliver market-leading solutions across a wide range of industries, including commercial communications, aerospace, defense and government, automotive, energy, semiconductor and electronic industrial. Our research and development focuses on our customers' design and test challenges, from design simulation to prototype validation to manufacturing test, to optimization in the network. Market and customer opportunities are driven by evolving technology standards, as well as the need for faster data rates and new form factors, from feature-rich solutions to modular solutions to handheld instruments. Our strategic focus is to deliver market-leading solutions and growth by investing in the following areas:  
             
    New wireless communication measurement solutions.    We are investing in the development of new wireless communications test solutions to satisfy the commercial communications end market which is being driven by growth in mobile data and evolving wireless standards, particularly 5G. The acquisition of Anite in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 strengthened our wireless software design and test portfolio and its Network Test business expanded our served addressable market. Our early 5G solutions have also been gaining tangible traction. With our technical breadth and expertise and strategic engagement with customers and partners around the world, we have leading-edge solutions for 5G applications available when needed, even as development schedules accelerate.   
                
    Industry-focused solutions across form factors.     With our focus on industry solutions, we provide customers with solutions that utilize our leading-edge technology across form factors, from feature-rich solutions to modular solutions to handheld instruments. We have the broadest portfolio of software, hardware and service solutions in the industry and continue to leverage our strength in feature-rich instrumentation into a portfolio of modular and handheld measurement solutions to address our customers  complex design and measurement needs. 
                
    Enhanced and expanded software solutions.     An increasing percentage of measurement science and functionality is delivered through software solutions. Our portfolio of software solutions and software productivity tools is extensive and represents a significant corporate asset. We continue to invest in software development to capitalize on its growth potential and provide industry-leading measurement applications, electronic design automation ("EDA") software and software protocol design and test solutions. 
                
    New services solutions.     Our services business represents a meaningful growth opportunity as we invest in expanding our services solutions portfolio. Our focus on growing services through multi-vendor calibration and asset management builds upon a strong foundation of repair and calibration services. We are also expanding our service solutions into new areas such as technology refresh and professional services. 
     Strengths 
  Our Electronic Measurement Business originated in 1939. Our legacy encompasses more than 75 years of innovation, measurement science expertise and deep customer relationships. We do business with most Fortune 1000 companies that are developing electronic products. We help customers bring breakthrough electronic products to market faster and at a lower cost. The following strengths are significant: 
    
  Technology Leadership as a Competitive Differentiator:    Proprietary software and hardware technologies unavailable on the commercial market and developed by our thirteen R D centers around the world enable many Keysight products to deliver the best design and measurement solution capability available for our customers  engineering requirements. Built on an intellectual property foundation developed over a 30-year period, Keysight s EDA computer aided design software for radio and microwave frequency designs is the premiere tool used by over two-thirds of the world s engineers doing design work in this field. Some of Keysight s hardware technologies are designed and manufactured in our own in-house integrated circuit fabrication facilities, which were purpose-built and optimized to deliver unmatched capabilities across the broad portfolio of Keysight instruments. Once developed, these technologies can be deployed into multiple instrument form factors which include the Feature Rich Box or Bench Top instruments, modular instruments and handheld portable instruments. For Keysight, deploying technology across all the instrument form factors provides multiple revenue streams from a single technology investment. The result is that Keysight is recognized as being the product leader in four core engineering instrumentation categories; RF and Microwave Design Simulation software, Network Analyzers, Signal Analyzers, and Signal Sources. 
  Broad Portfolio of Solutions to Address Customer Needs:    We believe we have the broadest portfolio of electronic design and test solutions in the industry. Our hardware product portfolio spans many technologies, price points and form factors. We address time and frequency domain applications with RF, microwave, high-speed digital and general instrumentation. In addition, we have a broad portfolio of software products including EDA software for RF and high-speed digital design, hundreds of measurement application solutions to help customers make specific measurements quickly and consistently, and software tools for programming.  
  
   4 

     Table of Contents                

Industry Leading Commitment to Product Quality and Reliability:    We believe we have a reputation in the industry for high quality and high reliability electronic measurement instrumentation and software. This reputation for quality is supported by a three-year instrument warranty. Ensuring quality and reliability is an integral part of our new product development processes. 
  Large Installed Base:    We have a large installed base of equipment because of the breadth of our product portfolio and our long history of producing high-performance and high-quality products. This installed base enables a strong and growing Services Solutions Group that provides a wide range of calibration and repair services, on both a per incident and contract basis, and provides a significant source of loyal customers for future sales. 
  Sales Channel with Global Reach:    We have a worldwide and comprehensive sales channel. We have experienced management teams and highly technical sales and application engineers in all parts of the world, including a strong local presence in emerging markets. Our sales channel strategy is segmented by customer size, customer location and product characteristics. We deploy a direct sales organization focused on selling higher performance products and industry solutions to global and geographic accounts. Approximately 79 percent of our business comes from customer interactions with our direct sales organization. To ensure broad geographic coverage and further drive growth, we maintain a network of over 600 channel partners to complement our direct sales force. 
  Centralized Order Fulfillment:    Our order fulfillment organization allows us to leverage the scale and scope of our business to provide high-quality, market-leading instrument solutions to our customers while generating competitive gross margins. Our Penang, Malaysia site is our largest manufacturing facility, with a proven track record of operational excellence, technology capability and quality. We have an established network of suppliers and subcontractors, especially in Asia, that complements our in-house capabilities. 
  Business Model:    Our operating model incorporates a substantial amount of cost structure flexibility with the intent to be materially profitable across the business cycle. Our variable compensation programs, sales channel strategy and the outsourced components of our supply chain have been implemented to improve the flexibility of our cost structure. 
   
  Operating Segments 
  In fiscal year 2016, we completed an organizational change to align our organization with the industries we serve. As a result of this organizational realignment, we have three reportable operating segments, Communications Solutions Group ( CSG ), Electronic Industrial Solutions Group ( EISG ), and Services Solutions Group ( SSG ). CSG and EISG are from our previous Measurement Solutions segment, while SSG was formerly reported as the company's Customer Support and Services segment. The new organizational structure continues to include centralized enterprise functions that provide support across the groups. Prior period amounts were revised to conform to the current presentation. 
  Communications Solutions Group 
  The Communications Solutions Group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications end market, which includes internet infrastructure, and the aerospace, defense and government end market. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment. This business generated revenue of $1.8 billion in fiscal 2016, $1.7 billion in fiscal 2015 and $1.8 billion in fiscal 2014. 
  Communications Solutions Group Markets 
  Our Communications Solutions Group serve the following two markets: 
  Commercial Communications Market 
  We market our electronic design and test solutions to network equipment manufacturers ( NEMs ), wireless device manufacturers, and communications service providers, including the component manufacturers within the supply chain for these customers. Growth in mobile data traffic and increasing complexity in semiconductors and components are drivers of test demand across the communications market. 
  NEMs manufacture and sell products to enable the transmission of voice, data and video traffic. The NEMs  customers are communications service providers that deploy and operate the networks and services, as well as distribute end user subscriber devices, including wireless personal communication devices and set top boxes. To meet their customers  demands, NEMs require test and measurement instruments, systems and solutions for the development, production and installation of each optical, electrical and wireless network technology. 
  
   5 

     Table of Contents                

Wireless device manufacturers require design and test solutions for the design, development, manufacture and repair of a variety of mobile devices. These mobile devices are used for voice, data and video delivery to individuals who connect wirelessly to the service provider s network. The device manufacturers  customers are large and small service providers, enterprises and consumers who purchase devices directly from retailers. Wireless device manufacturers require design and test solutions that enable technology development in conformance with the latest standards. 
  Communications service providers require reliable data center and network equipment that enables new service offerings and allows their networks to operate with ever increasing capacities. To achieve this, communications service providers require a range of sophisticated test instruments and systems to ensure conformance to communication standards and network requirements and to evaluate network performance. 
  Component manufacturers design, develop and manufacture electronic and optical components and modules used in network equipment and mobile devices. The component manufacturers require test and measurement products to verify that the performance of their components and modules meets the specifications of their customers. 
  Aerospace, Defense and Government Market 
  We market our electronic design and test solutions to manufacturers and research facilities within the aerospace and defense industries. This market includes commercial and government customers and their contracted suppliers. The modernization of satellite, radar and surveillance systems worldwide is a driver of test demand within the aerospace and defense market. 
  Government customers include departments or ministries of defense and related agencies around the world. Contractors support the government and commercial customers by providing design and manufacturing capabilities for a variety of programs. We also sell to sub contractors and component manufacturers within the supply chain. 
  Customers use our electronic measurement instruments to develop and manufacture a wide variety of electronic components and systems used in aerospace and defense industries, including commercial and military aircraft, space, satellite, radar, intelligence and surveillance. Customers test the electrical parameters of a broad spectrum of components and assemblies and final products and often require large systems containing multiple electronic instruments. 
  Communications Solutions Group Products 
  Our electronic design and test solutions include RF and microwave instruments, digital instruments and various other general purpose test instruments and targeted test solutions. We offer these products and related software in a variety of form factors, including benchtop, modular and handheld, depending on the specific requirements of the customer application. 
  Software Solutions 
  Our high-frequency EDA software tools are used to model, simulate and analyze communications product designs at the circuit and system levels. Our measurement application software is an extension of our hardware solutions and enables a wide range of measurement capability used across all end markets to design and manufacture next-generation electronic components and products. The acquisition of Anite provides the software tools used to design and test the software portion of wireless devices and test the performance of networks. 
  RF and Microwave Products 
  Our RF and microwave test instruments and related software and EDA software tools are used mainly in wireless and aerospace and defense applications. These products are required for the design and production of wireless network products, communications links, mobile devices and base stations. RF and microwave test instruments include signal analyzers, signal generators, network analyzers, one box testers and power meters. The acquisition of Anite provides the software and hardware tools used to design and test the software portion of wireless devices and test the performance of networks. 
  Digital Products 
  Our digital test products are used by research and development engineers across a broad range of industries to validate the function and performance of their digital product and system designs. These designs include a wide range of products from simple digital control circuits to complex high-speed systems such as computer servers and the latest generation gaming consoles. The test products offered include oscilloscopes, logic and serial protocol analyzers, logic signal sources, arbitrary waveform generators, and bit error rate testers. Our customers also use our high frequency EDA software tools to model signal integrity problems in digital design applications as digital speeds continue to increase. 
  
   6 

     Table of Contents                

Other Products 
  Our suite of fiber optic test products measure and analyze a wide variety of critical optical and electrical parameters in fiber optic networks and their components. Components which can be tested with our solutions include source lasers, optical amplifiers, filters and other passive components. Test products include optical modulation analyzers, optical component analyzers, optical power meters, and optical laser source products. 
  Communications Solutions Group Customers 
  Our customers include commercial companies and government agencies around the world. We have customers across the lifecycle that design, develop, manufacture, install and monitor a variety of commercial and government communications networks. Commercial customers include original equipment and contract manufacturers of electronic components, semiconductors, wireless devices and network equipment, as well as network service providers that implement, maintain and manage communication networks and services. Other commercial customers include defense contractors and sub-contractors. Government customers include departments or ministries of defense, government agencies and related research institutes.  
  Our customers use our products to conduct research and development to manufacture, and to install and maintain radio frequency, microwave frequency, digital, semiconductor, and optical products and systems. Many of our customers purchase solutions across several of our major product lines for their different business units. 
  No single customer represented 10 percent or more of the group's net revenue. 
  In general, the orders and revenues from many of the Communications Solutions Group markets and product categories are seasonal, traditionally marked by lower business levels in the first and third quarters of the fiscal year and higher volumes in the second and fourth quarters of the fiscal year. The seasonal impact of our business is tempered by broader economic trends and the diversity of our electronic measurement products and customers, which span multiple industries. 
  Communications Solutions Group Sales, Marketing and Support 
  We have a comprehensive sales strategy, using a direct sales force, resellers, manufacturer s representatives and distributors to meet our customers  needs. 
  Our direct sales force focuses on addressing our largest customer needs and recommending solutions involving the effective use and deployment of our equipment, systems and capabilities. Some of our direct sales force concentrates on more complex products such as our high performance instruments, where customers require strategic consultation. Our direct sales force consists of field and application engineers who have in depth knowledge of the customers  business and technology needs. Our application engineers provide a combination of consulting, systems integration and application and software engineering services that are pervasive across all stages of the sale, implementation and support of our complex systems and solutions. 
  To complement our direct sales force, we have agreements with channel partners around the world. These partners, including resellers, manufacturer s representatives and distributors, serve customers across both of our segments and are expected to provide the same level of service and support as our direct sales force. Lower dollar sales transactions are also served by our tele sales and electronic commerce channels. 
  Communications Solutions Group Manufacturing 
  We concentrate our Communications Solutions Group manufacturing efforts primarily on final assembly and test of our products. To maximize our productivity and our ability to respond to market conditions, we use contract manufacturers for the production of printed circuit boards, sheet metal fabrication, metal die-casting, plastic molding and standard electronic components. We also manufacture proprietary devices and assemblies in our own fabrication facilities for competitive advantage. We have manufacturing facilities in California and Colorado in the United States. Outside of the United States we have manufacturing centralized in Malaysia with other manufacturing facilities in China, Germany and Japan. Our Penang, Malaysia site is our largest test and measurement manufacturing facility with proven operational excellence through scale, scope and expertise. 
  Within our business, there are three Technology Centers that collectively provide key components and sub systems. The three Technology Centers are located in Boeblingen, Germany, Colorado Springs, Colorado and Santa Rosa, California. These technologies include optical components and sub systems, Application-Specific Integrated Circuits ( ASICs ), thick and thin film  circuits, high speed probes and precision machining. These Technology Centers provide a competitive advantage by developing unique technologies for our solutions. 
  We generally only manufacture products when we have received firm orders for delivery and do not generally hold large stocks of finished inventory. 
  
   7 

     Table of Contents                

Communications Solutions Group Competition 
  The market for electronic design and test solutions is highly competitive across our targeted markets. In the commercial communications market, our primary competitors are Anritsu Corporation, Cobham plc, National Instruments Corporation, Rohde   Schwarz GmbH   Co. KG, Tektronix, Inc. (a subsidiary of Fortive Corporation), LeCroy Corporation (a subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies) and Teradyne, Inc.  In the aerospace,     defense and government market our primary competitors are Cobham plc, Rohde   Schwarz GmbH   Co. KG, LeCroy Corporation and Tektronix, Inc.   
  Our electronic design and test solutions offer a wide range of products and related software, and these products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, differentiated capability, leading edge technology and long term value to our customers. 
   
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group 
  The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group provides test and measurement solutions across a broad set of electronic industrial end markets, focusing on high-growth applications in the automotive and energy industry and measurement solutions for semiconductor design and manufacturing, consumer electronics, education and general electronics manufacturing. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment. This business generated revenue of $776 million in fiscal 2016, $758 million in fiscal 2015 and $766 million in fiscal 2014. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Markets 
  We market our electronic design and test solutions to customers with significant electronic content across a broad set of electronic industrial end markets. These industries design, develop and manufacture a wide range of products, including those produced in high volumes, such as computers, computer peripherals, electronic components, consumer electronics, enterprise servers, storage networks and automotive electronics. The components, printed circuit assemblies and functional devices for these products may be designed, developed and manufactured by electronic components companies, by original equipment manufacturers or by contract manufacturers. Other industrial applications for our products include power, energy, automotive, medical, research and education. 
  Customers use test solutions in developing and manufacturing a wide variety of electronic components and systems. These customers  test requirements include testing the electrical parameters of digital, radio frequency, and microwave frequency components and assemblies; testing multiple parameters of the printed circuit boards used in almost every electronic device; testing of the final product; and testing of systems containing multiple electronic instruments. For semiconductor and board test applications, customers use our solutions in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment, and operation of semiconductor and printed circuit assemblies. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Products 
  Our electronic industrial products include design and design verification tools, a broad range of electronic test and measurement instruments, comprehensive manufacturing systems, material analysis and university education solutions to train the next generation of engineers and scientists. 
  Design tools include design-for-test ( DFT ) for printed circuit assemblies and automotive radar, and EDA software for wireless and wired communication links in industrial, automotive and power semiconductor devices. 
  Design verification solutions include physical signal characterization and protocol compliance, notably for those links used in industrial, energy and automotive devices and products. Major industry forces are electrifying transportation and changing how electrical energy is generated, stored and controlled. Examples of verification solutions include those that help design engineers qualify and characterize power semiconductor devices, photo-voltaic/electrical vehicle/storage inverters, AC power analysis, DC battery cells/modules and automotive body/safety/engine electronic modules. High-precision and higher-bandwidth power analysis products address the increased power efficiency required with the proliferation of battery-powered and energy-efficient devices. 
  General purpose test and measurement products include hand-held (portable), bench instrument and modular forms. Capability includes Digital Multi-Meters, Function Generators, Waveform Synthesizers, Counters, Data Acquisition ( DAQ ), Audio Analyzers, LCR Meters, Thermal imaging, low-cost USB modular, precision SMU (Source Measurement Units), ultra-high precision device current analyzers, test executive software platforms and a wide variety of power supplies ranging from bench to highly scalable AC/DC modular supplies and electronically programmable loads. These products are increasingly integrated with solution-specific software that enable our customers to dramatically accelerate and improve the effectiveness of their product design, design validation, manufacturing and support activities. Our products also support fundamental measurement science for voltage, current, frequency, signal pulse width, sub-nano-meter distance and complex electronic measurements. This enables  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents                

industry and government agencies to determine fundamental electrical parameters and ensure customers can calibrate and ensure traceability measurement metrology. 
  Comprehensive manufacturing systems include: printed-circuit-board-assembly ( PCBA ) testers that ensure complex boards and components are assembled properly, IC parametric testers that ensure semiconductor wafers are processed consistently with high-precision and sub-nano-meter positioning systems for semiconductor wafer manufacturing. We provide effective and efficient manufacturing test solutions for complex transportation electronic control/safety systems that include radar, autonomous capability, and state-of-the-art wired and wireless components. Our flexible and scalable manufacturing systems offer the best-in-class value to enable our manufacturing customers to deliver outstanding yield, quality and productivity resulting in lower overall cost of test. 
  Material analysis products include atomic-force and scanning-electron microscopy to enable deeper understanding of materials that are driving breakthroughs in new semiconductor devices and sensors used in Internet of Things ( IoT ) and electronic manufacturing processes. 
  Our highly regarded test and measurement products and software have a long history of broad adoption and use in universities and research centers that teach the next generation of engineers and scientists and enable basic research to flourish. Increasing global competition in education is driving the need for efficient and timely education solutions and we are making those available in areas such as IoT, 5G communications technology and smart devices. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Customers 
  Our customers include original equipment and contract manufacturers of electronic industrial products and services. These customers use our solutions to perform research and development, manufacturing and support their products and services. Customer products include semiconductor devices, printed circuit assemblies, electronic modules and systems. Our customers range from the largest multi-national global companies to the smallest start-ups and include universities and government agencies around the world. 
  No single customer represented 10 percent or more of the group's net revenue. 
  In general, the orders and revenues from many of the electronic industrial measurement markets and product categories are seasonal, traditionally marked by lower business levels in the first and third quarters of the fiscal year and higher volumes in the second and fourth quarters of the fiscal year. The seasonal impact of our business is tempered by broader economic trends and the diversity of our electronic measurement products and customers, which span multiple industries. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Sales, Marketing and Support 
  We have a comprehensive sales strategy, using a direct sales force, resellers, manufacturer s representatives and distributors to meet our customers  needs. 
  Our direct sales force focuses on addressing our largest customer needs and recommending solutions involving the effective use and deployment of our equipment, systems and capabilities.  Some of our direct sales force concentrates on more complex products such as our high performance instruments, where customers require strategic consultation. Our direct sales force consists of field and application engineers who have in depth knowledge of the customers  business and technology needs. Our application engineers provide a combination of consulting, systems integration and application and software engineering services that are pervasive across all stages of the sale, implementation and support of our complex systems and solutions. 
  To complement our direct sales force, we have agreements with channel partners around the world. These partners, including resellers, manufacturer s representatives and distributors, serve customers across both of our segments and are expected to provide the same level of service and support as our direct sales force. Lower dollar sales transactions are also served by our tele sales and electronic commerce channels. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Manufacturing 
  We concentrate our electronic industrial measurement manufacturing efforts primarily on final assembly and test of our products.  To maximize our productivity and our ability to respond to market conditions, we use contract manufacturers for the production of printed circuit boards, sheet metal fabrication, metal die-casting, plastic molding and standard electronic components.  We also manufacture proprietary devices and assemblies in our own fabrication facilities for competitive advantage. We have manufacturing facilities in California and Colorado in the United States. Outside of the United States we have manufacturing centralized in Malaysia with other manufacturing facilities in China, Germany and Japan. Our Penang, Malaysia site is our largest test and measurement manufacturing facility with proven operational excellence through scale, scope and expertise. 
  
   9 

     Table of Contents                

Within our business, there are three Manufacturing Technology Centers that collectively provide key components and sub systems.  The three Manufacturing Technology Centers are located in Boeblingen, Germany, Colorado Springs, Colorado and Santa Rosa, California. These technologies include optical components and sub systems, ASICs, thick and thin film circuits, high speed probes and precision machining. These Manufacturing Technology Centers provide a competitive advantage by developing unique technologies for our solutions. 
  We generally only manufacture products when we have received firm orders for delivery and do not generally hold large stocks of finished inventory. 
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group Competition 
  The market for electronic industrial design and test solutions is highly competitive across our targeted markets. In the electronic industrial test market, our primary competitors are Anritsu Corporation, National Instruments Corporation, Rohde   Schwarz GmbH   Co. KG, Keithley/Tektronix/Fluke, Inc. (subsidiaries of Fortive Corporation), LeCroy Corporation (a subsidiary of Teledyne Technologies), Teradyne, Inc. and Advantest. 
  Our electronic industrial design and test solutions offer a wide range of products, solutions and related software, and these compete primarily on the basis of product quality, differentiated capability, leading edge technology and long term value to our customers. 
   
  Services Solutions Group 
  The Services Solution Group provides worldwide integrated service solutions to optimize test equipment and productivity, including repair and calibration services, professional services and remanufactured equipment. This business generated revenue of approximately $400 million in each of fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
    
  Services Solutions Group Markets 
  Services Solutions Group broadly addresses the same markets as the Communications Solutions Group and Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, which includes commercial communications, aerospace, defense and government, internet infrastructure, automotive and energy, semiconductor manufacturing and general electronics and manufacturing industries. 
  Services Solutions Group Products 
  Keysight offers the following general types of services and products under the Services Solutions Group: 
             
    Accredited Product Support Services.     Comprehensive product support services that combine repair, parts, and accredited calibrations of Keysight and non-Keysight test equipment. 
                
    Professional Services.     Training and technology services to optimize equipment utilization.  
                
    Remanufactured Equipment.     Refurbished used equipment, including Keysight Premium Used, which ensures the same high quality as our new equipment. 
                
    Asset Management Program.     Full service solution to optimize customer s asset tracking, servicing and utilization requirements throughout the product life cycle. 
     Services Solutions Group Customers 
  The customers for our Services Solutions Group include customers of the Communications Solutions Group and Electronic Industrial Solutions Group. No single customer represented 10 percent or more of the group's net revenue. 
    
  Services Solutions Group Sales, Marketing and Operations 
  Services Solutions Group shares the same industry leading sales, marketing and support resources as the Communications Solutions Group and Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, including the same direct sales force and complementary channel partners. 
  Customer demand is fulfilled through regional service centers by trained technicians and engineers, located in close proximity to customers at 69 Keysight service locations in more than 30 countries. Our global presence, with localized service proximity, is an important factor in sustaining our customers  equipment uptime and utilization requirements. 
  
   10 

     Table of Contents                

Services Solutions Group Competition 
  The Services Solutions Group competes with independent test equipment service providers, government measurement laboratories and other original equipment manufacturers. Many of these competitors offer a wide range of services and can support instruments from multiple manufacturers. Service quality, cost and turn around time drive competitiveness within our served industries. In addition, some of our instrument customers have in house calibration and repair capabilities. Our primary service competitors are Trescal Limited, Fortive Corporation, and Ceprei Laboratories. Due to differing country and regulatory accreditation standards, the services provided may vary greatly from country to country. 
  Our remanufactured equipment business faces competition from other electronic measurement instrument competitors with trade in programs and from numerous rental companies, equipment dealers, brokers and resellers. 
   
  The following discussions of Research and Development, Backlog, Intellectual Property, Materials, Environmental and International Operations include information common to each of our businesses. 
  Research and Development 
  Research and development ("R D") expenditures were $425 million in fiscal 2016, $387 million in fiscal 2015 and $361 million in fiscal 2014. We anticipate that we will continue to have significant R D expenditures in order to maintain our competitive position with a continuous flow of innovative, high-quality customer solutions, products and services. We are committed to investing in R D and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities in order to align our business with available markets and position ourselves for growth. 
  Our R D efforts focus on improvements to existing products and development to support new product introductions and complete customer solutions aligned to our industry. We conduct R D in four principal areas: enabling technologies, system design, simulation and measurement. Our R D seeks to improve on various technical competencies in electronics, software, systems and solution delivery. R D investments are focused on delivering technology and solutions to market in the short term as well as building a strong foundation for future solutions over a longer time horizon. 
   
  Backlog 
  Backlog represents the amount of revenue expected from orders that have already been booked, including orders for goods and services that have not been delivered to customers, orders invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue, and orders for goods that were shipped but not invoiced, awaiting acceptance by customers.  
  At October 31, 2016, our unfilled backlog was approximately $807 million, as compared to approximately $779 million at October 31, 2015. We expect that a majority of the unfilled backlog will be recognized as revenue within six months. We believe backlog on any particular date, while indicative of short-term revenue performance, is not necessarily a reliable indicator of medium or long-term revenue performance. 
   
  Intellectual Property  
  We generate patent and other intellectual property rights covering significant inventions and other innovations in order to create a competitive advantage. Although we believe that our licenses, patents and other intellectual property rights have value, in general no single license, patent or other intellectual property right is in itself material, other than the Keysight mark. In addition, our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or may otherwise not provide significant competitive advantage. 
   
  Materials  
  Our manufacturing operations employ a wide variety of semiconductors, electromechanical components and assemblies and raw materials such as plastic resins and sheet metal. We purchase materials from thousands of suppliers on a global basis. Some of the parts that require custom design work are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Our long-term relationships with suppliers allow us to proactively manage technology road maps and product discontinuance plans and monitor their financial health. Even so, some suppliers may still extend their lead times, limit supplies, increase prices or cease to produce necessary parts for our products. If these are unique components, we may not be able to find a substitute quickly or at all. To address the potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for alternative components. In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. 
  
   11 

Table of Contents                

Environmental 
  Our R D, manufacturing and distribution operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health and safety and the environment. We apply strict standards for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety to sites inside and outside the United States, even if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental and health and safety laws will not require us to incur significant expenditures. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state, and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements. The environmental, product content/disposal and recycling laws are gradually becoming more stringent and may cause us to incur significant expenditures in the future. 
  Some of our properties are undergoing remediation by HP Inc. ("HP") for subsurface contaminations that were known at the time of Agilent s separation from HP in 1999. In connection with Agilent s separation from HP, HP and Agilent entered into an agreement pursuant to which HP agreed to retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation and indemnify Agilent with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. Agilent has assigned its rights and obligations under this agreement to Keysight in respect of facilities transferred to Keysight in the separation. As a result, HP has access to a limited number of our properties to perform remediation. Although HP agreed to minimize interference with on-site operations at such properties, remediation activities and subsurface contamination may require us to incur unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties. In connection with the separation, Agilent will indemnify us directly for any liabilities related thereto. We cannot be sure that HP will continue to fulfill its remediation obligations or that Agilent will continue to fulfill its indemnification obligations. 
  In connection with the separation, Agilent also agreed to indemnify us for any liability associated with contamination from past operations at all properties transferred from Agilent to us. We cannot be sure that Agilent will fulfill its indemnification obligations. 
  We maintain a comprehensive Environmental Site Liability insurance policy which may cover certain clean-up costs or legal claims related to environmental contamination. This policy covers specified active, inactive and divested locations. 
   
  International Operations 
  Our net revenue originating outside the United States, as a percentage of our total net revenue, was approximately 65 percent in fiscal 2016, 65 percent in fiscal 2015 and 64 percent in fiscal 2014, the majority of which was from customers other than foreign governments. Revenues from external customers are generally attributed to regions based upon the location of our sales representative. 
  Long-lived assets located outside of the United States as a percentage of our total long-lived assets was approximately 57 percent in fiscal year 2016 and 62 percent in fiscal year 2015. Approximately 30 and 22 percent of our long-lived assets were located in Japan in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. Approximately 13 and 12 percent of our long-lived assets were located in Malaysia in fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
  Most of our sales in international markets are made by foreign sales subsidiaries. In countries with low sales volumes, sales are made through various representatives and distributors. However, we also sell into international markets directly from the United States. 
  Our international business is subject to risks customarily encountered in foreign operations, including interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers, changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements, consequences from changes in tax laws and regulatory requirements, difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations, differing labor regulations, differing protection of intellectual property and geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism and war. We are also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales and expenses, and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the local functional currency, and may also become subject to interest rate risk inherent in any debt we incur, or investment portfolios we hold. There may be an increased risk of political unrest in regions where we have significant manufacturing operations such as Southeast Asia. However, we believe that our international diversification provides stability to our worldwide operations and reduces the impact on us of adverse economic changes in any single country. Financial information about our international operations is contained in Note 21, "Segment Information," to our combined and consolidated financial statements. 
  
   12 

Table of Contents                

Acquisition of Material Assets 
    
  On August 13, 2015, we acquired all of the share capital of Anite, a U.K.-based global company, under the scheme document dated July 6, 2015. This acquisition strengthens our wireless software design and test portfolio and its Network Test business expands our served addressable market. Coupled with Keysight's expertise in helping customers design and test hardware, we can now provide customers with more comprehensive wireless hardware and software solutions. Anite s Network Test business will also enable us to provide innovative solutions that help customers deliver an outstanding experience for mobile users in the network. As a result of the acquisition, Anite has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Keysight. The consideration paid was $558 million, net of $43 million of cash acquired. We funded the acquisition using our existing cash. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant  
  The names of our executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies as of December 1, 2016 appear below: 
  Ronald S. Nersesian  , 57, has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Executive Vice President of Agilent. Mr. Nersesian served as President of Agilent from November 2012 to September 2013 and as Chief Operating Officer, Agilent from November 2011 to September 2013. From November 2011 to November 2012, Mr. Nersesian served as Agilent s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He served as Senior Vice President, Agilent, and President, Electronic Measurement Group from March 2009 to November 2011, as Agilent s Vice President and General Manager of the Wireless Business Unit of the Electronics Measurement Group from February 2005 to February 2009, and as Agilent s Vice President and General Manager of the Design Validation Division from May 2002 to February 2005. Prior to joining Agilent, Mr. Nersesian served in management positions with LeCroy Corporation from 1996 to 2002. From 1984 through 1996, Mr. Nersesian served in various roles with HP. Mr. Nersesian serves on the Board of Directors of Trimble Inc. 
  Neil Dougherty  , 47, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Vice President and Treasurer of Agilent, since 2012. He served as Senior Director in Agilent s Corporate Development Group from 2010 to 2012, and from 2006 to 2010, he served as Agilent s Assistant Treasurer. Prior to that, Mr. Dougherty held a broad variety of positions in finance for Agilent and HP. 
  Jay Alexander,   53, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Keysight since May 2014 and, from October 2009 until prior to the Separation, he served as Vice President and General Manager for the Oscilloscope and Protocol Division of Agilent. 
  Ingrid Estrada  , 52, has served as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Vice President and General Manager of Global Sourcing of Agilent since 2011, and as Vice President and General Manager of Remarketing Solutions Division of Agilent since 2006. 
  Michael Gasparian  , 58, has served as Senior Vice President and President of the Communications Solutions Group since November 2015. From March 2014 to November 2015, Mr. Gasparian served as Senior Vice President of Customer Support and Services and Worldwide Marketing for Keysight and, prior to the Separation, served as Vice President, Agilent since 2000, although he did not work at Agilent from 2009 to 2010. From 2011 to 2012, Mr. Gasparian served as Agilent s Vice President of Marketing. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Gasparian served as the General Manager of the Material Science Solutions Unit of Agilent. 
  Soon Chai Gooi  , 55, has served as Senior Vice President and President of the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group since November 2015. From December 2013 to November 2015, Mr. Gooi served as Senior Vice President of Order Fulfillment and Infrastructure for Keysight. Prior to the Separation, Mr. Gooi served as President, from November 2012 to September 2013, and as Senior Vice President, from December 2011 to November 2012, of Agilent's Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain. Previously, Mr. Gooi served as Agilent s Vice President and General Manager of the Electronic Instruments Business Unit and Electronic Measurement Group Order Fulfillment from May 2006 to December 2011. 
  John Page, 52,   has served as Senior Vice President and President of Services Solutions Group since November 2015 and   most recently served as vice president of business finance of Keysight from February 2014 to November 2015. Prior to joining Keysight, Mr. Page served as the Chief Financial Officer of Nanosys, Inc. from 2010 to 2014. 
  Mark Wallace, 51  , has served as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales since November 2016. From November 2014 to November 2016, Mr. Wallace served as Vice President and General Manager of Americas Field Operations, and prior to the Separation from Agilent, as Americas Field Operations Vice President of Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group since November 2011. From August 2004 to November 2011 Mr. Wallace served as National Sales Manager of Agilent's Electronic Measurement Group for U.S, and Canada. 
  
   13 

     Table of Contents                

Stephen Williams  , 44, has served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, served as Agilent s Vice President, Assistant General Counsel and Assistant Secretary since November 2009. From February 2007 to November 2009, Mr. Williams served as Managing Counsel in Agilent s Legal Department. 
  John Skinner  , 54, has served as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of Keysight since December 2013 and, prior to the Separation, Mr. Skinner served as Vice President, Agilent and Controller of Global Infrastructure and Enterprise Financial Planning and Analysis from April 2012 to December 2013. From April 2009 to April 2012, Mr. Skinner served as Agilent s Senior Director of Agilent Business Reporting.  
   
  Investor Information 
  We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Such reports, proxy statements and other information may be read and copied by visiting the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. 
  You can access financial and other information at our Investor Relations website. The address is www.investor.keysight.com. We make available, free of charge, copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the SEC. 
  Our Corporate Governance Standards, the charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, our Compensation Committee, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, our Executive Committee as well as our Standards of Business Conduct are available on our website at www.investor.keysight.com under  Corporate Governance.  These items are also available in print to any stockholder in the United States and Canada who requests them by calling (800) 829-4444. This information is also available by writing to the company at the address on the cover of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  
   14 

Table of Contents                

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
  Risks, Uncertainties and Other Factors That May Affect Future Results 
  Risks Related to Our Business  
  Depressed and uncertain general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.  
          Our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the United States. The continued economic downturn may adversely impact our business, resulting in: 
             
    reduced demand for our products, delays in the shipment of orders or increases in order cancellations;  
                
    increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories;  
                
    increased price pressure for our products and services; and  
                
    greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our future investment portfolio. 
     In addition, macroeconomic developments, such as the recent downturn in Europe, the economic slowdown in Asia and the results of the recent U.S. and other national elections, economic uncertainties caused by the result of the United Kingdom's referendum advising for its exit from the European Union could negatively affect our ability to conduct business in those geographies. Financial difficulties experienced by our suppliers and customers, including distributors, could result in product delays and inventory issues. Risks to accounts receivable could result in delays in collection and greater bad debt expense.  
  Our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated.  
          Visibility into our markets is limited. Our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of technology-related spending and orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. In addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality or cyclicality of our markets. However, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality or cyclicality that we expect. Any decline in our customers' markets would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. The broader semiconductor market is one of the drivers for our business, and therefore, a decrease in the semiconductor market could harm our business. Also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. Such declines could harm our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. Also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. Since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, R D and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough, these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins.  
  If we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer.  
          We generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. In addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal and cyclical. Without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. The success of new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to: 
             
    properly identify customer needs;  
                
    innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications;  
                
    successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner; 
                
    manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and on time; 
                
    differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings; 
                
    price our products competitively; 
                
    anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and control product quality in our manufacturing process.  
     
   15 

     Table of Contents                

Dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. Dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.  
          As part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. If our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. For example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. The ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. Additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers or other outsourcees could cause disruptions or delays. In addition, we outsource significant portions of our information technology ("IT") and other administrative functions. Since IT is critical to our operations, any failure of our IT providers to perform could impair our ability to operate effectively. In addition to the risks outlined above, problems with manufacturing or IT outsourcing could result in lower revenues and unrealized efficiencies, and could impact our results of operations and stock price. Much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.  
  Failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income.  
          Our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal or cyclical nature of the markets in which we operate. The sale of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal or cyclical trends in the demand for their products. For example, the consumer electronics market is particularly volatile, making demand difficult to anticipate. During a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. In the past, we have seen a shortage of parts for some of our products. In addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. In addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. In order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancellable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. Prior commitments of this type have resulted in an excess of parts when demand for electronic products has decreased. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges.  
  Our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products.  
  Because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand does not meet our expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. If, during a general market upturn or an upturn in our business, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner, which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. This inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our income, margin and operating results. By contrast, if, during an economic downturn, we had excess manufacturing capacity, then our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our income, margins and operating results.  
  Industry consolidation and consolidation among our customer base may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. 
  There is potential for industry consolidation in our markets. As companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, companies could be acquired or may be unable to continue operations. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors and could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the communications market, rapid consolidation would lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. 
  Additionally, if there is consolidation among our customer base, our customers may be able to command increased leverage in negotiating prices and other terms of sale, which could adversely affect our profitability. In addition, if, as a result of increased leverage, customer pressures require us to reduce our pricing such that our gross margins are diminished, we could decide not to sell our products under such less favorable terms, which would decrease our revenue. Consolidation among our customer base may also lead to reduced demand for our products, replacement of our products by the combined entity with those of our competitors and cancellations of orders, each of which could harm our operating results. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents                

Economic, political and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.  
          Because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. However, there can be no assurances that our international sales will continue at existing levels or grow in accordance with our effort to increase foreign market penetration. In addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions and manufacturing facilities are located outside the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including: 
             
    interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers; 
                
    changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
                
    changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions; 
                
    trade protection measures, sanctions, and import or export licensing requirements or restrictions; 
                
    negative consequences from changes in tax laws; 
                
    difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 
                
    differing labor regulations; 
                
    differing protection of intellectual property; 
                
    unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and 
                
    volatile political environments or geopolitical turmoil, including regional conflicts, terrorism, and war.  
             We centralize most of our accounting processes at two locations: India and Malaysia. These processes include general accounting, inventory cost accounting, accounts payable and accounts receivables functions. If conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers. Our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results.  
          Additionally, we must comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international operations, business and operating results. Although we actively maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure ongoing compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate these policies and procedures.  
          In addition, although a substantial amount of our products are priced and paid for in U.S. Dollars, many of our products are priced in local currencies and a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. Our hedging programs are designed to reduce, but not entirely eliminate, within any given 12-month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, including those caused by currency controls, which could impact our business, operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. However, for expenses beyond a 12-month period, our hedging strategy will not mitigate our exchange rate risk. In addition, our currency hedging programs involve third-party financial institutions as counterparties. The weakening or failure of these counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in the number of available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms or the failure of counterparties to perform under hedging contracts.  
  Key customers or large orders may expose us to additional business and legal risks that could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition  .  
          Certain key customers have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. These customers may demand contract terms that differ considerably from our standard terms and conditions. Large orders may also include severe contractual liabilities for us if we fail to provide the quantity and quality of product at the required delivery times. While we attempt to contractually limit our potential liability under such contracts, we may have to agree to some or all of these types of provisions to secure these orders and to continue to grow our business. Such actions expose us to significant additional risks, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.  
  Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.  
          Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. If we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we may not be able to maintain or expand our business. The markets in which we operate are dynamic, and we may need to respond with reorganizations, workforce reductions and site closures from time to time. We believe our pay levels are competitive within the regions that we operate. However, there is also intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas in which we operate, and it may become more difficult to retain key employees.  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents                

Any inability to complete acquisitions on acceptable terms could negatively impact our growth rate and financial performance. 
   Our ability to grow revenues, earnings and cash flow depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies and business performance. Appropriate targets for acquisition are difficult to identify and complete for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to, limited due diligence, high valuations, business and intellectual property evaluations, other interested parties, negotiations of the definitive documentation, satisfaction of closing conditions, the need to obtain antitrust or other regulatory approvals on acceptable terms, and availability of funding. The inability to close appropriate acquisitions on acceptable terms could adversely impact our growth rate, revenue, and financial performance. 
  Our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected.  
          In the normal course of business, we may engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures. As a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long term. If market conditions or other factors lead us to change our strategic direction, we may not realize the expected value from such transactions. Further, such transactions often have post-closing arrangements, including, but not limited to, post-closing adjustments, transition services, escrows or indemnifications, the financial results of which can be difficult to predict. In addition, acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team and business infrastructure. We may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our businesses or product lines to realize the value from expected synergies. Depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, the successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including: 
             
    the retention of key employees and/or customers; 
                
    the management of facilities and employees in different geographic areas; and 
                
    the compatibility of our infrastructure, policies and organizations with those of the acquired company.  
     If we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our combined and consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted.         
  In addition, effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. We are devoting significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we design, implement and maintain adequate control over our financial processes and reporting in the future, especially in the context of acquisitions of other businesses. Any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock and our access to capital. All of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. 
  Environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved, and environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future.  
          Some of our properties are undergoing remediation by HP Inc. ("HP") for subsurface contaminations that were known at the time of Agilent's separation from HP in 1999. In connection with Agilent's separation from HP, HP and Agilent entered into an agreement pursuant to which HP agreed to retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation and indemnify Agilent with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. Agilent has assigned its rights and obligations under this agreement to Keysight in respect of facilities transferred to us in the separation. As a result, HP will have access to a limited number of our properties to perform remediation. Although HP agreed to minimize interference with on-site operations at such properties, remediation activities and subsurface contamination may require us to incur unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties. In connection with the separation, Agilent will indemnify us directly for any liabilities related thereto. We cannot be sure that HP will continue to fulfill its remediation obligations or that Agilent will continue to fulfill its indemnification obligations.  
          In connection with the separation from Agilent, Agilent also agreed to indemnify us for any liability associated with contamination from past operations at all properties transferred from Agilent to Keysight. We cannot be sure that Agilent will fulfill its indemnification obligations.  
          Our current manufacturing processes involve the use of substances regulated under various international, federal, state and local laws governing the environment. As a result, we may become subject to liabilities for environmental contamination, and these liabilities may be substantial. Although our policy is to apply strict standards for environmental protection at our sites inside  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents                

and outside the United States, even if the sites outside the United States are not subject to regulations imposed by foreign governments, we may not be aware of all conditions that could subject us to liability.  
  We and our customers are subject to various governmental regulations, compliance with which may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.  
          We and our customers are subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including, but not limited to, health and safety, packaging, product content, labor and import/export regulations. These regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. We may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy violations of these regulations. Any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. If demand for our products is adversely affected or our costs increase, our business would suffer.  
          Our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Standards Organization, as well as regulation by other agencies such as the U.S. Federal Communications Commission. We also must comply with work safety rules. If we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our businesses could be harmed.  
  Third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.  
          From time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. We analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case-by-case basis. Any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation and could divert our management and key personnel from business operations. A claim of intellectual property infringement could cause us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement (which may not be available under acceptable terms, or at all), require us to redesign certain of our products (which would be costly and time-consuming) and/or subject us to significant damages or an injunction against the development and sale of certain products or services. In certain of our businesses, we rely on third-party intellectual property licenses, and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on terms favorable to us or at all.  
  Third parties may infringe our intellectual property rights, and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our intellectual property rights.  
          Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, including technology we obtained through acquisitions. We rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. If we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully, our competitive position may suffer, which could harm our operating results.  
          Our pending patent, copyright and trademark registration applications may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. In addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. In preparation for the separation and distribution, we have applied for trademarks related to our new global brand name in various jurisdictions worldwide. Any successful opposition to our applications in material jurisdictions could impose material costs on us or make it more difficult to protect our brand. Different jurisdictions vary widely in the level of protection and priority they give to trademark and other intellectual property rights.  
          We may be required to spend significant resources monitoring our intellectual property rights, and we may or may not be able to detect infringement of such rights by third parties. Our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our intellectual property rights in a timely manner, or at all. In some circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement due to a variety of reasons. In addition, competitors may avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. Intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenues to the company. Furthermore, some of our intellectual property is licensed to others, which allows them to compete with us using that intellectual property.  
  We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. An adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the IRS or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.  
          We are or will be subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities in various jurisdictions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from ongoing tax examinations to determine the  
  
   19 

     Table of Contents                

adequacy of our provision for income taxes. These assessments can require considerable estimates and judgments. Intercompany transactions associated with the sale of inventory, services, intellectual property and cost sharing arrangements are complex and affect our tax liabilities. The calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. The outcomes of any tax examinations could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Due to the complexity of tax contingencies, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters related to operations post-separation may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued. 
  Our operations may be adversely impacted by changes in our business mix or changes in the tax legislative landscape. 
          Our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted by, among other things, changes in the mix of our earnings among countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, and changes in tax laws. We cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be in the future because, among other things, there is uncertainty regarding the tax policies of the jurisdictions where we operate. Changes in tax laws, such as tax reform in the United States or changes in tax laws resulting from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development s ( OECD ) multi-jurisdictional plan of action to address  base erosion and profit shifting,  could impact our effective tax rate. 
  If tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly.  
          We benefit from tax incentives extended to our foreign subsidiaries to encourage investment or employment. Several jurisdictions have granted us tax incentives that require renewal at various times in the future, the most significant being Singapore. We do not expect incentives granted by other jurisdictions to have a material impact on our financial statements. The Singapore tax incentive requires that specific conditions be satisfied, which include achieving thresholds of employment, ownership of certain assets, as well as specific types of investment activities within Singapore. We believe that we will satisfy such conditions in the future. The Singapore tax incentive is due for renewal in fiscal 2024. 
          Our taxes could increase if the incentives are not renewed upon expiration. If we cannot or do not wish to satisfy all or portions of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the related tax incentive and could be required to refund the benefits that the tax incentives previously provided. As a result, our effective tax rate could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives. 
  If we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to a catastrophic event, our operations could be significantly harmed.  
          Our factories, facilities and distribution system are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, terrorism or other natural or manmade disasters. In particular, several of our facilities could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquake or other natural disasters due to their locations. For example, our production facilities, headquarters and laboratories in California and our production facilities in Japan are all located in areas with above-average seismic activity. If any of these facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. If such a disruption were to occur, we could breach our agreements, our reputation could be harmed and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. In addition, since we have consolidated our manufacturing facilities, we are more likely to experience an interruption to our operations in the event of a catastrophe in any one location. Although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. Also, our third-party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decision with respect to risk retention. Economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain third-party insurance. If our third-party insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at a greater risk that our operations will be harmed by a catastrophic loss.  
  If we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, our business could be adversely affected.  
         We rely on several centralized information technology systems to provide products and services, maintain financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. If we experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. Furthermore, security breaches of our information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to the company or our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in significant financial or reputational damage to the company.  
  
   20 

     Table of Contents                

Man-made problems such as cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses or terrorism may disrupt our operations and harm our business, reputation and operating results 
  Despite our implementation of network security measures, our network may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions. Cybersecurity attacks, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.  
   Our daily business operations require us to retain sensitive data such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to customers, suppliers and business partners within our networking infrastructure. The ongoing maintenance and security of this information is pertinent to the success of our business operations and our strategic goals, and organizations like Keysight are susceptible to multiple variations of attacks on our networks on a daily basis. 
   Our networking infrastructure and related assets may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers, employee errors, or other unforeseen activities. Such issues could result in the disruption of business processes, network degradation and system downtime, along with the potential that a third party will exploit our critical assets such as intellectual property, proprietary business information and data related to our customers, suppliers and business partners. To the extent that such disruptions occur, they may cause delays in the manufacture or shipment of our products and the cancellation of customer orders and, as a result, our business operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected resulting in a possible loss of business or brand reputation. 
  In addition, the effects of war or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruption to the economy and create further uncertainties in the economy. Energy shortages, such as gas or electricity shortages, could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
  Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by various legal and regulatory proceedings.  
          We are subject to legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims in the normal course of business and could become subject to additional claims in the future, some of which could be material. The outcome of existing proceedings, lawsuits and claims may differ from our expectations because the outcomes of litigation are often difficult to reliably predict. Various factors or developments can lead us to change current estimates of liabilities and related insurance receivables where applicable, or permit us to make such estimates for matters previously not susceptible to reasonable estimates, such as a significant judicial ruling or judgment, a significant settlement, significant regulatory developments or changes in applicable law. A future adverse ruling, settlement or unfavorable development could result in charges that could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition.  
  We have substantial cash requirements in the United States, although most of our cash is generated outside of the United States. The failure to maintain a level of cash sufficient to address our cash requirements in the United States could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.  
          Although the cash generated in the United States from our operations, including any cash and non-permanently invested earnings repatriated to the United States, is expected to cover our normal operating requirements and debt service requirements, a substantial amount of additional cash may be required for special purposes such as the maturity of our current and future debt obligations, any dividends that may be declared, any future stock repurchase programs and any acquisitions. If we encounter a significant need for liquidity domestically that we cannot fulfill through borrowings, equity offerings or other internal or external sources, the transfer of cash into the United States may incur an overall tax rate higher than our tax rates have been in the past and negatively impact after-tax earnings.  
  We have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.  
  We currently have outstanding debt as well as availability to borrow under a revolving credit facility. We may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, future acquisitions, expansion of our business or repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock. 
  Our incurrence of this debt, and increases in our aggregate levels of debt, may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things: 
             
    requiring a portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt; 
                
    increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
                
    reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; and 
                
    limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry.  
     
   21 

     Table of Contents                

Our current revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. Our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. In addition, the indenture governing our senior notes contains covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable.  
  We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing shareholders.  
          We may need to seek additional financing for our general corporate purposes. For example, we may need to increase our investment in R D activities or need funds to make acquisitions. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. If we finance acquisitions by issuing additional convertible debt or equity securities, our existing stockholders may experience share dilution, which could affect the market price of our stock. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our shareholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to further limitations on our operations and ability to pay dividends due to restrictive covenants.  
  Adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity.  
          Our cash and cash equivalents are invested or held in a mix of money market funds, time deposit accounts and bank demand deposit accounts. Disruptions in the financial markets may, in some cases, result in an inability to access assets such as money market funds that traditionally have been viewed as highly liquid. Any failure of our counterparty financial institutions or funds in which we have invested may adversely impact our cash and cash equivalent positions and, in turn, our results and financial condition.  
  Future investment returns on pension assets may be lower than expected or interest rates may decline, requiring us to make significant additional cash contributions to our future plans.  
          We sponsor several defined benefit pension plans that cover many of our salaried and hourly employees. The Federal Pension Protection Act of 2006 requires that certain capitalization levels be maintained in each of the U.S. plans, and there may be similar funding requirements in the plans outside the United States. Because it is unknown what the investment return on and the fair value of our pension assets will be in future years or what interest rates and discount rates may be at any point in time, no assurances can be given that applicable law will not require us to make future material plan contributions. Any such contributions could adversely affect our financial condition. 
  Risks Related to the Separation  
  Our historical financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results.  
          The historical information about the company prior to fiscal year 2015 refers to our business as operated by and integrated with Agilent. Accordingly, the historical financial information does not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the factors described below: 
             
    prior to the separation, our business was operated by Agilent as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. Agilent or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for us such as legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, human resources, corporate affairs and finance. Our historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Agilent for such functions and are likely to be less than the expenses we would have incurred had we operated as a separate publicly-traded company. Following the separation, we are responsible for the cost related to such functions previously performed by Agilent;  
                
    generally, our working capital requirements and capital for our general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, have historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Agilent. Following the separation, we may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements; and 
                
    our historical financial information prior to the Separation, does not reflect the debt or the associated interest expense that we have incurred as part of the separation and distribution. 
     
   22 

     Table of Contents                

Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of operating as a company separate from Agilent. For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical combined and consolidated financial statements, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  
  Potential indemnification liabilities to Agilent pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  
          The separation and distribution agreement provides for, among other things, indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for any liabilities associated with assets used by our business; our failure to pay, perform or otherwise promptly discharge any such liabilities or contracts, in accordance with their respective terms, whether prior to, at or after the distribution; any guarantee, indemnification obligation, surety bond or other credit support agreement, arrangement, commitment or understanding by Agilent for our benefit, unless they are liabilities related to assets used in the Agilent business; any breach by us of the separation agreement or any of the ancillary agreements or any action by us in contravention of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; and any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, with respect to all information contained in the registration statement or any other disclosure document that describes the separation or the distribution or the company and its subsidiaries or primarily relates to the transactions contemplated by the separation and distribution agreement, subject to certain exceptions. If we are required to indemnify Agilent under the circumstances set forth in the separation and distribution agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities.  
  In connection with our separation from Agilent, Agilent will indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, there can be no assurance that the indemnity will be sufficient to insure us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Agilent's ability to satisfy its indemnification obligation will not be impaired in the future.  
          Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements with Agilent, Agilent agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Agilent has agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that the indemnity from Agilent will be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, or that Agilent will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. In addition, Agilent's insurers may attempt to deny us coverage for liabilities associated with certain occurrences of indemnified liabilities prior to the separation. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Agilent or such insurance providers any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  
  We will be subject to continuing contingent liabilities of Agilent following the separation.  
          After the separation, there are several significant areas where the liabilities of Agilent may become our obligations. For example, under the Internal Revenue Code and the related rules and regulations, each corporation that was a member of the Agilent U.S. consolidated group during a taxable period or portion of a taxable period ending on or before the effective time of the distribution is severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of the entire Agilent U.S. consolidated group for that taxable period. Consequently, if Agilent is unable to pay the consolidated U.S. federal income tax liability for a prior period, we could be required to pay the entire amount of such tax, which could be substantial and in excess of the amount allocated to it under the tax matters agreement between us and Agilent. Other provisions of federal law establish similar liability for other matters, including laws governing tax-qualified pension plans, as well as other contingent liabilities.  
  There could be significant liability if the distribution is determined to be a taxable transaction.  
          A condition to the distribution is that Agilent received an opinion of Baker   McKenzie LLP, tax counsel to Agilent, regarding the qualification of the separation and the distribution as a reorganization within the meaning of Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The opinion relies on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Agilent and Keysight, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, Agilent and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the opinion, and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion.  
          If the distribution were determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Agilent and its shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. For example, if the distribution failed to qualify for tax-free treatment, Agilent would for U.S. federal income tax purposes be treated as if it had sold the Keysight common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and Agilent's shareholders, who are subject to U.S. federal income tax, would be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Keysight common stock  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents                

received in the distribution. In addition, if the separation and distribution failed to qualify for tax-free treatment under federal, state and local tax law and/or foreign tax law, Agilent (and, under the tax matters agreement described below, Keysight) could incur significant tax liabilities under U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign tax law.  
          Under the tax matters agreement between Agilent and Keysight, we are generally required to indemnify Agilent against taxes incurred by Agilent that arise as a result of our taking or failing to take, as the case may be, certain actions that result in the distribution failing to meet the requirements of a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Code. Under the tax matters agreement between Agilent and Keysight, we may also be required to indemnify Agilent for other contingent tax liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position.  
  Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
  Our share price may fluctuate significantly. 
  Our common stock is listed on NYSE under the ticker symbol  KEYS.  The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
             
    actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our business; 
                
    success or failure of our business strategy; 
                
    our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 
                
    our ability to obtain third-party financing as needed; 
                
    announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; 
                
    changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 
                
    the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock; 
                
    changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 
                
    the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies; 
                
    investor perception of our company; 
                
    natural or other disasters that investors believe may affect us; 
                
    overall market fluctuations; 
                
    results from any material litigation or government investigations; 
                
    changes in laws or regulations affecting our business; and 
                
    general economic conditions and other external factors. 
     Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.  
    
  In addition, when the market price of a company s shares drops significantly, shareholders often institute securities class action lawsuits against the company. A lawsuit against us could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of management and other resources. 
  We cannot guarantee the payment of dividends on our common stock, or the timing or amount of any such dividends.  
          We do not currently expect to pay dividends on our common stock. The payment of any dividends in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, to our shareholders will fall within the discretion of our board of directors. The board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. We cannot guarantee that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividends if we commence paying dividends.  
  Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of the company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.  
          Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 
             
    the inability of our shareholders to call a special meeting; 
                
    the inability of our shareholders to act without a meeting of shareholders; 
     
   24 

     Table of Contents                

rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings; 
                
    the right of our board to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; 
                
    the division of our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term, and this classified board provision could have the effect of making the replacement of incumbent directors more time consuming and difficult; 
                
    a provision that shareholders may only remove directors with cause; 
                
    the ability of our directors, and not shareholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors; and 
                
    the requirement that the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least 80% of our voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (relating to the number, term and removal of our directors, the filling of our board vacancies, the advance notice to be given for nominations for elections of directors, the calling of special meetings of shareholders, shareholder action by written consent, the ability of the board of directors to amend the bylaws, elimination of liability of directors to the extent permitted by Delaware law, exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders and amendments of the certificate of incorporation) and certain provisions in our amended and restated bylaws (relating to the calling of special meetings of shareholders, the business that may be conducted or considered at annual or special meetings, the advance notice of shareholder business and nominations, shareholder action by written consent, the number, tenure, qualifications and removal of our directors, the filling of our board vacancies, director and officer indemnification and amendments of the bylaws).  
             In addition, because we have not chosen to be exempt from Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the "DGCL"), this provision could also delay or prevent a change of control that some shareholders may favor. Section 203 provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a Delaware corporation (an "interested stockholder") shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which the person became an interested stockholder, unless (i) prior to such time, the board of directors of such corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of such corporation at the time the transaction commenced (excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) the voting stock owned by directors who are also officers or held in employee benefit plans in which the employees do not have a confidential right to tender or vote stock held by the plan); or (iii) on or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors of such corporation and authorized at a meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock of such corporation not owned by the interested stockholder.  
          We believe these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of the company and our shareholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.  
          In addition, an acquisition or further issuance of our stock could trigger the application of Section 355(e) of the Code. Under the tax matters agreement, we would be required to indemnify Agilent for the resulting tax, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that some shareholders may consider favorable.  
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates that the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits against the company and our directors and officers.  
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless the board of directors otherwise determines, the state courts in the State of Delaware or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal court for the District of Delaware, will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to the company or our shareholders, any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Keysight's amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of our shareholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such shareholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. 
  
   25 

Table of Contents                

Item 1B.      Unresolved Staff Comments 
  None. 
   
  Item 2.    Properties 
  Our executive offices are located in the United States in an owned facility in Santa Rosa, California. We own or lease a total of approximately 139 operating facilities located throughout the world that handle manufacturing production, assembly, sales, quality, assurance testing, distribution and packaging of our products. These facilities are located in the following countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, U.K., Hong Kong, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Netherlands, Russia, Singapore, Spain, South Korea, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, the United States and Vietnam. As of October 31, 2016, we own or lease a total of approximately 5.9 million square feet of space worldwide, of which we own approximately 4.2 million square feet and lease 1.7 million square feet. Our sales and support facilities occupy a total of approximately 0.5 million square feet. Our manufacturing plants, R D facilities and warehouse and administrative facilities occupy approximately 5.4 million square feet. All of these facilities are well maintained and suitable for the operations conducted in them. 
   
  Item 3.    Legal Proceedings 
  We are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including, but not limited to, patent, commercial and environmental matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we currently believe are reasonably possible of having a material impact to our business, combined and consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 

26 

Table of Contents                

PART II 

Item 5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") with the ticker symbol "KEYS.   The following table sets forth the high and low sale prices per quarter for the fiscal year, 2016 and 2015 as reported in the consolidated transaction reporting system for the New York Stock Exchange: 

There were 24,427 shareholders of record of Keysight common stock as of December 15, 2016. 
  We have not paid any dividends, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. All decisions regarding the declaration and payment of dividends and repurchase stock are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will be evaluated regularly in light of our financial condition, earnings, growth prospects, funding requirements, applicable law, and any other factors that our Board deems relevant.  
  The information required by this item with respect to equity compensation plans is included under the caption Equity Compensation Plans in our proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
  
   27 

     Table of Contents                

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
    
  The table below summarizes information about the company s purchases, based on trade date; of its equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarterly period ended October 31, 2016. The total number of shares of common stock purchased by the Company during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 is 2,288,516 shares. 

(1) 
    On February 18, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $200 million of the company s common stock. Under the program, shares may be purchased from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means. The stock repurchase program may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time at the company s discretion and does not have an expiration date. All such shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for using the cost method. 
      (2) 
    The weighted average price paid per share of common stock does not include the cost of commissions. 

28 

Table of Contents                

Item 6.      Selected Financial Data (Unaudited) 
  The following table presents the selected combined and consolidated financial data, which should be read in conjunction with our combined and consolidated financial statements and related notes and Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We derived the selected financial data as of October 31, 2016 and for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended October 31, 2016 from our audited combined and consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. We derived the selected financial data as of October 31, 2013 and for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2012 from audited combined financial statements that are not included in this Form 10-K. 
  Our historical combined and consolidated financial statements before November 1, 2015 include certain expenses of Agilent that were allocated to us for certain functions, including general corporate expenses related to information technology, research and development, finance, legal, insurance, compliance and human resources activities. These costs may not be representative of the future costs we have incurred or will incur as an independent public company. The historical financial information included here may not necessarily reflect our financial position and results of operations or what our financial position and results of operations would have been had we been an independent, publicly-traded company during the historical periods presented or be indicative of our future performance as an independent company. 

(a)   On November 1, 2014, Agilent Technologies, Inc. distributed 167 million shares of Keysight common stock to existing holders of Agilent common stock. Basic and diluted net income per share for all periods through October 31, 2014 is calculated using the shares distributed on November 1, 2014. Refer to Note 7 of the combined and consolidated financial statements for information regarding earnings per common share. 

29 

Table of Contents                

Item 7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the combined and consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein include, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality, cyclicality and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, our strategic direction, our future effective tax rate and tax valuation allowance, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, remediation activities, new product and service introductions, the ability of our products to meet market needs, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our purchase commitments, our contributions to our pension plans, the selection of discount rates and recognition of any gains or losses for our benefit plans, our cost-control activities, savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our acquisitions and other transactions, our transition to lower-cost regions, and the existence of economic instability, that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in Item 1A and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
   
  Basis of Presentation and Separation from Agilent 
  Keysight Technologies, Inc. ("we," "us," "Keysight" or the "company"), incorporated in Delaware on December 6, 2013, is a measurement company providing electronic design and test solutions to communications and electronics industries. Our fiscal year end is October 31. Unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to our fiscal year. 
  On November 1, 2014, we became an independent publicly-traded company through the distribution by Agilent Technologies, Inc. ("Agilent") of 100 percent of the outstanding common stock of Keysight to Agilent's shareholders (the "Separation"). Each Agilent shareholder of record as of the close of business on October 22, 2014, received one share of Keysight common stock for every two shares of Agilent common stock held on the record date. Keysight was incorporated in Delaware on December 6, 2013 and is comprised of Agilent's former electronic measurement business. Keysight's Registration Statement on Form 10 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on October 6, 2014. Keysight's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "KEYS" on the New York Stock Exchange on November 3, 2014. 
  Agilent transferred substantially all of the assets and liabilities and operations of the electronic measurement business to Keysight in August 2014 ("the Capitalization"). Combined f  inancial statements prior to the Capitalization were   prepared on a stand-alone basis derived from Agilent s consolidated financial statements and accounting records, including expenses that were allocated to us using estimates that we consider to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or benefits received by us. 
  In fiscal 2015, we initiated a phased program associated with our separation from Agilent to resize and optimize our infrastructure from the one that had been established to serve a diversified technology company. The focus of the first phase of the program was on the IT infrastructure to support finance, field and human resources. The second phase of the program, which was initiated in the third quarter of fiscal 2016, primarily addresses the optimization of the IT infrastructure to support the services business. We recognized costs related to this program of $24 million for the year ended October 31, 2016 and $20 million for the year ended October 31, 2015. We expect to recognize additional costs estimated to range from $25 million to $35 million through fiscal 2018. 
  Overview and Executive Summary 
  We provide electronic design and test instruments and systems and related software, software design tools, and related services that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment. Related services include start-up assistance, instrument productivity and application services and instrument calibration and repair. We also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product lifecycle. 
  We invest in product development to address the changing needs of the market and facilitate growth. We are investing in research and development to design measurement solutions that will satisfy the changing needs of our customers. These opportunities are being driven by the need for faster data rates and new form factors, and by evolving technology standards. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we completed an organizational change to align our organization with the industries we serve. As a result of this organizational realignment, we have three reportable operating segments: Communications Solutions Group, Electronic Industrial Solutions Group and Services Solutions Group. The Communications Solutions Group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications end market, which includes internet infrastructure, and the aerospace, defense and  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents                

government end market. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group provides test and measurement solutions across a broad set of  electronic industrial end markets. The Services Solutions Group provides repair, calibration and consulting services, and remarkets used Keysight equipment. In addition, our global team of experts provides startup assistance, consulting, optimization and application support across all of our end markets. 
  Years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
  Keysight s total orders in 2016 were $2,953 million, an increase of 3 percent when compared to 2015. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percent on the year-over-year comparison. Orders associated with acquisitions accounted for 5 percentage points of order growth for the year ended October 31, 2016 when compared to 2015. Total orders in 2015 were $2,853 million, a decrease of 4 percent when compared to 2014. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 4 percentage points on the year-over-year comparison. Orders associated with acquisitions accounted for 1 percentage point of order growth for the year ended October 31, 2015 when compared to 2014. 
    
  Keysight s net revenue of $2,918 million in 2016 increased 2 percent when compared to 2015. Foreign currency movements had no impact on the year-over-year comparison. The revenue increase associated with acquisitions accounted for approximately 5 percentage points for the year ended October 31, 2016 when compared to 2015. Excluding acquisitions, revenue declined year-over-year as weakness in the smartphone supply chain and restructuring and consolidation activities in the industry offset strength in 5G technologies and data center expansion. Net revenue of $2,856 million in 2015 decreased 3 percent when compared to 2014. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 4 percentage points on the year-over-year comparison. The revenue increase associated with acquisitions accounted for approximately 1 percentage point for the year ended October 31, 2015 when compared to 2014. 
    
  Net income was $335 million in 2016 compared to net income of $513 million and $392 million in 2015 and 2014. In 2016, 2015 and 2014, we generated operating cash flows of $416 million, $376 million and $563 million. respectively. 
    
  Looking forward, we believe the long-term growth rate of our markets is 2 to 3 percent, although near-term macroeconomic indicators remain mixed. Our focus is on delivering value through innovative electronic design and test solutions as well as continuously improving our operational efficiency. 
    
  We accelerated our efforts in both wireless communications and software by acquiring Anite in August 2015. This acquisition expanded our solutions offering in wireless communications design and test, specifically into the software layer for design and validation and provided an adjacent market opportunity in the Network Test business. 
   
  Currency Exchange Rate Exposure 
  Our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. We hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short-term and anticipated basis. The result of the hedging has been included in our combined and consolidated statement of operations. We experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the consolidated balance sheet and combined and consolidated statement of operations because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. Our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis of up to a rolling twelve-month period. Therefore, we are exposed to currency fluctuations over the longer term. To the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the U.S. dollar cost of the transaction. 
  
   31 

Table of Contents                

Results from Operations-Years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 
   
  Orders and Net Revenue 
  In general, recorded orders represent firm purchase commitments from our customers with established terms and conditions for products and services that will be delivered within six months. Revenue reflects the delivery and acceptance of the products and services as defined on the customer s terms and conditions. Cancellations are recorded in the period received from the customer and historically have not been material. 

Orders 
    
  Total orders for the year ended October 31, 2016 were $2,953 million, an increase of 3 percent when compared to 2015. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 1 percentage point on the year-over-year compare. Orders associated with acquisitions accounted for 5 percentage points of order growth for the year ended October 31, 2016 when compared to 2015. Orders grew across all operating segments with growth in all regions. Total orders decreased 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, with declines in the Communication Solutions Group and the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, partially offset by growth in the Services Solutions Group. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 4 percentage points on the year-over-year compare. The orders associated with acquisitions accounted for 1 percentage point of order growth for the year ended October 31, 2015 when compared to 2014.  
    
  Net Revenue 
    
  The following table provides the percent change in revenue for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 by geographic region, including and excluding the impact of currency changes, as compared to the respective prior year. 

Net revenue of $2,918 million for the year ended October 31, 2016 increased 2 percent when compared to 2015. Foreign currency movements had a negligible impact on the year-over-year comparison. Revenue associated with acquisitions accounted for 5 percentage points of revenue growth for the year ended October 31, 2016 when compared to 2015. Net revenue of $2,856 million in 2015 decreased 3 percent when compared to 2014. Foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 4 percentage points on the year-over-year compare. The revenue increase associated with acquisitions accounted for approximately 1 percentage point for the year ended October 31, 2015 when compared to 2014. 
  
   32 

     Table of Contents                

Revenue from the Communications Solutions Group represented approximately 60 percent of total revenue for the year ended October 31, 2016 and increased 3 percent when compared to 2015. The Communications Solutions Group contributed 1 percentage point to the total revenue growth in 2016, with growth in Europe, Japan and Asia pacific excluding Japan, while the Americas revenue was flat when compared to 2015. Excluding revenue from Anite, the Communications Solutions Group revenue declined year-over-year as weakness in the smartphone supply chain and restructuring and consolidation activities in the industry offset strength in 5G technologies and data center expansion. For 2015, the Communications Solutions Group represented approximately 59 percent of total revenue and declined 4 percent when compared to 2014, with declines in Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by growth in the Americas. The Communication Solutions Group contributed 2 percentage points to the total Keysight revenue decrease in 2015. 
    
  Revenue from the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group represented approximately 26 percent of total revenue for 2016 and grew 2 percent year-over-year when compared to the same period last year. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group contributed 1 percentage point to total revenue growth in 2016, with growth in Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by declines in Europe and the Americas. Revenue from the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group represented approximately 27 percent of total revenue for 2015 and declined 1 percent year-over-year when compared to 2014. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group s contribution to the total revenue decline for 2015 was negligible, with declines in Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by growth in the Americas and Europe. 
    
  Revenue from the Services Solutions Group represented approximately 14 percent of total revenue for both 2016 and 2015, and was flat when compared year-over-year. The Services Solutions Group contribution to the total revenue growth was negligible in 2016, with growth in the Americas and Japan, partially offset by decline in Asia Pacific excluding Japan, while Europe was flat. For 2015, the Services Solutions Group had no impact on the overall decline. Growth in the Americas, Europe and Japan was partially offset by decline in Asia Pacific excluding Japan. 

Backlog 
  Backlog represents the amount of revenue expected from orders that have already been booked, including orders for goods and services that have not been delivered to customers, orders invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue, and orders for goods that were shipped but not invoiced, awaiting acceptance by customers.  
  At October 31, 2016, our unfilled backlog was approximately $807 million as compared to approximately $779 million at October 31, 2015. For the Communications Solutions Group, our backlog was approximately $459 million at October 31, 2016 as compared to approximately $442 million at October 31, 2015. For the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group, our backlog was approximately $218 million at October 31, 2016 as compared to approximately $211 million at October 31, 2015. Within our Services Solutions Group, our backlog was approximately $130 million at October 31, 2016 as compared to approximately $126 million at October 31, 2015. 
  We expect that a majority of the backlog will be recognized as revenue within six months. We believe backlog on any particular date, while indicative of short-term revenue performance, is not necessarily a reliable indicator of medium or long-term revenue performance. 
  
   33 

Table of Contents                

Costs and Expenses 

Gross margin remained flat in 2016 compared to 2015 as the favorable impacts from a higher percentage of revenue from software and R D solutions, lower inventory and warranty charges were offset by unfavorable impacts from acquisition-related intangible amortization. Gross margin remained flat in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to lower depreciation, warranty and inventory charges, offset by the unfavorable impact of lower revenue volume.  
    
  Excess and obsolete inventory charges were $17 million in 2016, $28 million in 2015 and $33 million in 2014. Sales of previously written-down inventory were $2 million in 2016, $2 million in 2015 and $1 million in 2014. 
  Research and development expense increased 10 percent in 2016 compared to 2015 due to increased expenses associated with acquired companies and our continued investment in research and development programs. As a percentage of total revenue, research and development expenses increased 1 percentage point to 15 percent in 2016 from 14 percent in 2015. Research and development expense increased 7 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. The increased expenditure was due to our continued investment in research and development programs and increased costs due to the acquisitions, partially offset by the favorable impact of currency movements. As a percentage of total revenue, research and development expenses increased 2 percentage points to 14 percent in 2015 from 12 percent in 2014. We expect investment in research and development to continue at current levels and have focused our development efforts on strategic growth opportunities. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4 percent for 2016, compared to the same period last year, primarily driven by the acquisition of Anite, higher field selling costs, higher intangible amortization and higher separation-related costs, partially offset by the favorable impact from foreign currency movements and lower share-based compensation expense. Selling, general and administrative expenses were flat in 2015 when compared to 2014, primarily driven by lower separation costs and the favorable impact of currency movements, offset by increases in share-based compensation, restructuring programs and increased costs due to acquisitions, primarily Anite. 
    
  Other operating expense (income), net for 2016 and 2015 was $(25) million and $(18) million, respectively, which includes primarily rental income. The increase in other operating income for 2016 was largely driven by a gain on the sale of land. 
    
  Operating margin decreased 1 percentage point in 2016 when compared to 2015, primarily driven by the impacts of acquisition-related intangible amortization, higher integration costs and the addition of the Anite cost structure, partially offset by favorable impacts from foreign currency movements and lower share-based compensation expense. Operating margins declined 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014 on lower revenue volume and increases in research and development expenses, restructuring programs, acquisition and integration related expenses, offset by decline in separation costs and the favorable impact of foreign currency.  
    
  As of October 31, 2016, our headcount was approximately10,300 compared to 10,250 in 2015. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense for the year ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 was $47 million and $46 million, respectively, and relates to interest on our senior notes issued in October 2014. 

34 

Table of Contents                

Income Taxes 

For 2016, the effective tax rate was 8 percent, which is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to a higher percentage of earnings in the non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates. Also, the tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate due to the net tax benefit of $45 million resulting from the repatriation of earnings from Japan, which includes a U.S. tax expense of $27 million offset by $72 million of foreign tax credits recorded in connection with the repatriation. 
    
  For 2015, the effective tax rate was a benefit of 32 percent, which is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the retroactive benefit of two tax incentives in Singapore approved during 2015. Also, the tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate due to a higher percentage of earnings in the non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates. 
    
  For 2014, the effective tax rate was 18 percent. The 18 percent effective tax is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to a higher percentage of earnings in non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates in particular Singapore, where we benefited from tax incentives for the first three quarters of 2014, which resulted in $40 million lower income tax expense. The 2014 rate was also favorably impacted by a $55 million benefit from a prior year reserve release, which was offset by $62 million of tax expense as a result of the repatriation of foreign earnings. 
    
  We benefit from tax incentives in several different jurisdictions, most significantly in Singapore, and several jurisdictions have granted tax incentives that require renewal at various times in the future. The tax incentives provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income in those jurisdictions. The tax incentives are due for renewal between 2024 and 2025. The impact of the tax incentives decreased income taxes by $34 million,   $250 million   and   $40 million   in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.  
    
  In accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all U.S. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. If our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. If events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the combined and consolidated statements of operations.  
    
  For the majority of our entities, the open tax years for the IRS, state and most foreign audit authorities are from August 1, 2014 through the current tax year. For certain historical Agilent foreign entities that Keysight retained as part of the separation, the tax years generally remain open back to the year 2005. For certain entities acquired during 2015, the tax years also remain open back to the year 2006. Given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, we are unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits. 
    
  For fiscal 2014 and prior, we have calculated our taxes on a separate return basis. However, the amounts recorded for fiscal 2014 and prior are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had we been an entity that operated independently of Agilent. Consequently, our results after our separation from Agilent may be materially different than those periods prior to the Separation. 

Segment Overview 
  In fiscal year 2016, we completed an organizational change to align our organization with the industries we serve. As a result of this organizational realignment, we have three reportable operating segments: Communications Solutions Group, Electronic Industrial Solutions Group and Services Solutions Group. The Communications Solutions Group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications end market, which includes internet infrastructure, and the aerospace, defense and government end market. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group provides test and measurement solutions across a broad set of electronic industrial end markets. The Services Solutions Group provides repair, calibration and consulting services, and remarkets used Keysight equipment. In addition, our global team of experts provides startup assistance, consulting, optimization and application support across all of our end markets. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents                

The profitability of each segment is measured after excluding, among other things, charges related to the amortization of intangibles, the impact of restructuring and related costs, asset impairments, acquisition and integration costs, share-based compensation, separation and related costs, acquisition related fair value adjustments, interest income and interest expense. 
   
  Communications Solutions Group 
  The Communications Solutions Group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications end market, which includes internet infrastructure, and the aerospace, defense and government end market. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment.  
  Net Revenue 

The Communications Solutions Group revenue in 2016 increased 3 percent when compared to 2015, primarily driven by growth in the commercial communications market, while the aerospace, defense and government market remained flat. Revenue grew in all regions except the Americas, which was flat when compared with last year. Acquisitions added approximately 8 percentage points to the 2016 revenue growth. Communication Solutions Group revenue in 2015 decreased 4 percent compared to 2014, with declines in the commercial communications market, partially offset by growth in the aerospace, defense and government market. Declines in Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific excluding Japan were partially offset by growth in the Americas. Acquisitions added approximately 2 percentage point to the 2015 revenue growth. 
  Revenue from the commercial communications market, including revenue from acquisitions, represented approximately 58 percent and 57 percent of total Communications Solutions Group revenue in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and increased 5 percent and decreased 8 percent year-over-year, respectively. In 2016, revenue grew in Europe, Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by a decline in the Americas. Excluding acquisitions, the commercial communications market revenue declined year-over-year as weakness in the smartphone supply chain and restructuring and consolidation activities in the industry offset strength in 5G technologies and data center expansion. In 2015, the decline in commercial communications revenue was driven by softness across all regions and reflected the difficult compares to 2014, strengths in 4G base station and infrastructure manufacturing in China, coupled with continued weakness in smartphone/device manufacturing. 
  Revenue from the aerospace, defense and government market represented approximately 42 percent and 43 percent of total communications solutions group revenue in 2016 and 2015, respectively, and was flat and increased 3 percent year-over-year, respectively. For the year ended October 31, 2016, growth in the Americas and Japan was partially offset by declines in Europe and Asia Pacific excluding Japan. For the year ended October 31, 2015, growth in the Americas was partially offset by declines in Japan, Europe and Asia pacific excluding Japan. 
  
   36 

     Table of Contents                

Gross Margin and Operating Margin 
  The following table shows the Communications Solutions Group margins, expenses and income from operations for   2016   versus   2015  , and   2015   versus   2014  . 

Gross margin in 2016 increased 1 percentage points compared to 2015, primarily due to a higher percentage of revenue from software and R D solutions, lower warranty and lower inventory charges. Gross margin in 2015 increased 3 percentage points when compared to 2014 primarily due to lower depreciation, warranty and inventory charges. 
   Research and development expenses increased 15 percent compared to 2015. Increased expenditures were primarily driven by acquisitions and increased investments in R D engineers and programs. In 2015, research and development expense increased 5 percent primarily due to increased investments in research and development programs and increased costs due to acquisitions. We remain committed to investment in research and development and have focused our development efforts on strategic opportunities in order to capture future growth. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 increased 6 percent when compared to 2015, primarily driven by the acquisitions and higher field selling expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2015 decreased 1 percent when compared to 2014, primarily due to lower field selling expenses.  
  Other operating expense (income) 2016 and 2015 was income of $9 million each, respectively.  
  Income from Operations 
  Income from operations for 2016 decreased $15 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $49 million. Income from operations in 2015 increased by $6 million, or 2 percent, on revenue decline of $64 million. 
  Operating margin decreased by 1 percentage point in 2016 compared to 2015, driven by investments in research and development and field selling costs. Operating margin increased by 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014 driven by higher gross margins and relatively flat operating expenses. 
   
  Electronic Industrial Solutions Group 
  The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group provides test and measurement solutions across a broad set of  electronic industrial end markets, focusing on high-growth applications in the automotive and energy industry and measurement solutions for semiconductor design and manufacturing, consumer electronics, education and general electronics manufacturing. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment.  
    
  Net Revenue 

The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group revenue in 2016 increased 2 percent when compared to 2015 with growth in Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by declines in the Americas and Europe. The revenue increase associated with  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents                

acquisitions accounted for approximately 1 percentage point in 2016. The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group revenue in 2015 decreased 1 percent compared to 2014 with declines in Asia Pacific excluding Japan and Japan, partially offset by growth in Americas and Europe.  
    
  Gross Margin and Operating Margin 
  The following table shows the Electronic Industrial Solutions Group margins, expenses and income from operations for   2016   versus   2015  , and   2015   versus   2014  . 

Gross margin in 2016 increased 1 percentage point compared to 2015, primarily driven by higher revenue, lower warranty expenses and higher system sales for new semiconductor process technology. Gross margin in 2015 decreased 1 percentage point, primarily driven by a mix change with less systems sales for new semiconductor process technology as well as higher depreciation, warranty and inventory costs.      
  Research and development expenses in 2016 and 2015 increased 5 percent and 12 percent, respectively, primarily driven by continued investments in R D programs. We remain committed to investment in research and development and have focused our development efforts on strategic opportunities in order to capture future growth. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 and 2015, increased 2 percent and 6 percent, respectively, primarily driven by our focus on solution selling and market expansion activities. 
  Other operating expense (income) in 2016 and 2015 was income of $4 million.  
  Income from Operations 
  Income from operations for 2016 increased $11 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $18 million. Income from operations in 2015 decreased by $27 million, on a revenue decline of $8 million. 
  Operating margin increased by 1 percentage point in 2016 compared to 2015, driven by higher gross margin partially offset by increased investments in R D programs and market expansion activities. Operating margins in 2015 decreased by 3 percentage points driven by lower volume and higher operating costs. 

Services Solutions Group 
  The Services Solutions Group provides repair, calibration and consulting services, and remarkets used Keysight equipment. In addition to providing repair and calibration support for Keysight equipment, we also calibrate non-Keysight equipment. The group serves the same markets as Keysight s Communications Solutions and Electronic Industrial Solutions Groups, providing industry-specific services to deliver complete Keysight solutions and help customers reduce their total cost of ownership for their design and test equipment. This segment was formerly reported as the company s Customer Support and Services segment. 
  
   38 

     Table of Contents                

Net Revenue 

The Services Solutions Group revenue in 2016 remained flat compared to 2015. Acquisitions accounted for approximately 2 percentage points of total revenue growth. Increases in revenue from calibration services and used equipment was offset by a decline in revenue from repair services. Growth in the Americas and Japan was offset by a decline in Asia Pacific excluding Japan, while Europe remained flat. Services Solutions Group net revenue in 2015 remained flat compared to 2014. Growth in calibration services and re-marketing sales of used equipment was offset by declines in the equipment repair business due to a reduction in extended warranty revenue as a result of extension of the standard warranty term from one to three years. 
    
  Gross Margin and Operating Margin 
  The following table shows the Services Solutions Group margins, expenses and income from operations for   2016   versus   2015  , and   2015   versus   2014  . 

Gross margin in 2016 decreased 2 percentage points compared to 2015, primarily driven by flat volume and higher expenses associated with the investments we are making in additional capacity to expand our multi-vendor calibration and asset management services. Gross margin in 2015 decreased 3 percentage points compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in people-related costs, higher infrastructure-related costs and an unfavorable service mix. 
  Research and development expenses for the Services Solutions Group represent the segment s share of centralized investment. Research and development expenses declined 40 percent when compared to 2015, primarily driven by a change in the Services Solutions Group s share of centralized investments in research and development. Research and development expenses were flat in 2015 when compared to 2014. 
  For 2016, selling, general and administrative expense increased 5 percent compared to 2015 driven by higher field selling costs, an increase in infrastructure related costs and acquisitions. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 12 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 due to increases in infrastructure-related costs and higher field selling costs.  
  Other operating expense (income) in 2016 and 2015 was income of $2 million and $3 million, respectively. 
  Income from Operations 
    
  Income from operations for 2016 decreased $9 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $1 million. Income from operations in 2015 decreased by $21 million, or 22 percent, on a revenue increase of $1 million.  
  Operating margin decreased by 2 percentage points in 2016 and 5 percentage points in 2015 when compared year-over-year, respectively, driven by flat revenue, lower gross margins, higher infrastructure-related costs and field selling costs. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents                

Financial Condition 
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our financial position as of October 31, 2016 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $783 million as compared to $483 million as of October 31, 2015.  
  As of October 31, 2016, approximately $556 million of our cash and cash equivalents was held outside of the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries. Under current tax laws, most of the cash could be repatriated to the U.S., but it would be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. Cash held outside of the U.S. can be used for non-U.S. growth and expansion. Our cash and cash equivalents mainly consist of short-term deposits held at major global financial institutions, investments in institutional money market funds, and similar short duration instruments with original maturities of 90 days or less. We continuously monitor the creditworthiness of the financial institutions in which we invest our funds. We utilize a variety of funding strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. Most significant international locations have access to internal funding through an offshore cash pool for working capital needs, in addition to temporary local overdraft and short-term working capital lines of credit. 
  As of October 31, 2016, we have concluded our ongoing discussions with Agilent regarding the allocation of certain deferred tax liability balances related to foreign unremitted earnings in accordance with the Separation agreements. Excess foreign tax credits associated with unremitted earnings are not recorded as an asset as they do not represent a separate deferred asset until earnings are remitted.  
  We believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. 
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
    
  Cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate from period to period as working capital needs and the timing of payments for income taxes, restructuring activities, pension funding, variable pay and other items impact reported cash flows. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $416 million for the year ended October 31, 2016 as compared to $376 million provided in 2015 and $563 million provided in 2014. 

Net income for fiscal 2016 decreased $178 million as compared to fiscal 2015. Changes to non-cash income and expenses in fiscal 2016 as compared to 2015 included a $165 million decrease in deferred tax expense primarily due to the impact of significant tax incentives granted in fiscal 2015, particularly in Singapore, a $31 million increase to amortization expense as compared to the same period last year due to the impact of recently acquired businesses, a $4 million increase in depreciation, a $6 million decrease to stock-based compensation expense relating to special inaugural RSU awards granted in fiscal 2015, a $10 million gain from a land sale in fiscal 2016, a $11 million decline in excess and obsolete inventory charges, and a $10 million decrease in other miscellaneous non-cash expenses. 

The aggregate of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable used net cash of $72 million during fiscal 2016, compared to net cash used of $27 million in fiscal 2015 and $24 in fiscal 2014. The amount of cash flow generated from or used by the aggregate of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable depends upon how effectively we manage the cash conversion cycle, which represents the number of days that elapse from the day we pay for the purchase of raw materials and components to the collection of cash from our customers and can be significantly impacted by the timing of shipments and purchases, as well as collections and payments in a period. 

Net cash paid to Agilent under separation and distribution agreement was zero for fiscal 2016 as compared to payments to Agilent of $28 million during fiscal 2015 and payments from Agilent of $23 million in 2014. 

The aggregate of employee compensation and benefits, income and other taxes payable and other assets and liabilities used net operating cash of $36 million during fiscal 2016 as compared to $73 million used in 2015 and $26 provided in 2014. The difference between fiscal 2016 and 2015 balances is primarily due to an increase in deferred revenue balances, lower income tax payments and other miscellaneous differences due to timing of accruals and collections versus payments between the periods. 

40 

     Table of Contents                

We contributed $38 million to our non-U.S. defined benefit plans during the fiscal 2016 compared to $48 million in fiscal 2015 and Agilent contributed $41 million on our behalf to the non-U.S.multi-employer plans in 2014. We did not contribute to our U.S. Defined Benefit Plans in 2016 and 2015 and Agilent contributed $15 million on our behalf to the U.S. multi-employer plans in 2014. We contributed $1 million to the U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan during the fiscal 2016 as compared to $1 million in fiscal 2015 and zero in 2014. At the Capitalization, the assets and liabilities of the multi-employer plans that were allocable to Keysight employees were transferred to Keysight plans; therefore, the plans were no longer considered multi-employer plans. 
       
  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities was $90 million in 2016 as compared to $671 million in 2015 and $82 million in 2014. Investments in property, plant and equipment were $91 million in 2016 compared to $92 million in 2015 and $70 million in 2014. 
    
  In fiscal 2016, we used $10 million, net of cash acquired, for the acquisition of a small business and a contingent payment related to the Anite acquisition as compared to $574 million for the acquisitions of Anite and Electroservices in fiscal 2015 and $11 million for business acquisitions in 2014. We also received $10 million of proceeds from the sale of land in fiscal 2016. 
    
  In fiscal 2015, we invested $7 million in preferred stock of a privately held radio frequency microstructure company, accounted for using the cost method. 
    
  Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 
    
  Cash flows related to financing activities consist primarily of cash flows associated with the issuance of common stock, excess tax benefits from share based plans and treasury stock repurchases. Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2016 was $25 million compared to cash used of $19 million in fiscal 2015 and $335 million provided in 2014. 
    
  We received proceeds of $43 million from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans in fiscal 2016 as compared to $26 million in fiscal 2015. 
    
  On February 18, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which the company is authorized to repurchase up to $200 million of the company s outstanding common stock through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means. The new repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the company s discretion. In fiscal 2016, the company used $62 million to repurchase shares. 
    
  Financing activities in fiscal 2015 also reflects $49 million of cash returned to Agilent in accordance with the separation and distribution agreement. We issued senior notes of $1.1 billion and made a repayment of capital of $940 million to Agilent in the year ended October 31, 2014. 
    
  Credit Facility 
    
  On September 15, 2014, we entered into a five-year credit agreement, which provides for a $300 million unsecured credit facility that will expire on November 1, 2019. On July 21, 2015, the total amount available under the credit facility was increased to $450 million. The company may use amounts borrowed under the facility for general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2016, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility. We were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility during the year ended October 31, 2016. 
    
  As a result of the Anite acquisition, we had an overdraft facility of  25 million that expired on July 31, 2016, but by mutual agreement this facility continued to be available while a replacement short-term facility was negotiated. On September 8, 2016, we entered into a replacement overdraft facility of  20 million that expired on October 31, 2016. As of October 31, 2016, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the facility. We were in compliance with the covenants of the facilities during the year ended October 31, 2016. 
    
     Short-term debt 
    
  On July 10, 2014, our wholly owned subsidiary in India entered into a short-term loan agreement with a financial institution, which provided up to $50 million of unsecured borrowings. On July 25, 2014, we borrowed $35 million against the loan agreement at an interest rate of 9.95 percent per annum. The loan was repaid in fiscal 2014 and as of October 31, 2014, no balance was outstanding. 

41 

     Table of Contents                

Long-term debt 
    
  In October 2014, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2019 senior notes"). The 2019 senior notes were issued at 99.902 percent of their principal amount. The notes will mature on October 30, 2019, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.30 percent per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year. 
  In October 2014, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2024 senior notes"). The 2024 senior notes were issued at 99.966 percent of their principal amount. The notes will mature on October 30, 2024, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.55 percent per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year. 
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements and Other 
  We have contractual commitments for non-cancellable operating leases. See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies," to our combined and consolidated financial statements for further information on our non-cancellable operating leases. 
  Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. Our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. Local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. We do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization. 
  Contractual Commitments 
  Our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. As a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors. 
  The following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at October 31, 2016 (in millions). The amounts presented in the table do not reflect $23 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of October 31, 2016. We are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. However, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next 12 months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement. 

Interest on senior notes.      We have contractual obligations for interest payments on our senior notes. Interest rates and payment dates are detailed above under "Long-term debt." 
  Operating leases.      Commitments under operating leases relate primarily to leasehold property, See Note 18, "Commitments and Contingencies." 
  Commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.      We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. Our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us with the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on business needs prior to firm orders being placed. Purchase orders outstanding with delivery dates within 30 days are typically non-cancellable. Approximately 86 percent of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, non-cancellable, and unconditional commitments.  We expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents                

In addition to the commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers referenced above, we record a liability for firm, non-cancellable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our policy relating to excess inventory. As of October 31, 2016, the liability for our excess firm, non-cancellable and unconditional purchase commitments was $9 million, compared to $8 million as of October 31, 2015. These amounts are included in other accrued liabilities in our combined and consolidated balance sheet. 
  Retirement Plans.      Commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our non-U.S. defined benefit plans for the next year only. Contributions beyond the next year are impractical to estimate. 
  We also have benefit payments due under our defined benefit retirement plans and post-retirement benefit plan that are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid in the same period that benefits are provided. See Item 8-Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 16, "Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans," for additional information. 
  Other purchase commitments.      Other purchase commitments relate to contracts with professional services suppliers. We can typically cancel these contracts within 90 days without penalties. For those contracts that are not cancellable within 90 days without penalties, we disclose the amounts we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contract in that period before such contract can be canceled. As of   October 31, 2016  , our contractual obligations with these suppliers was approximately $35 million within the next fiscal year, as compared to approximately $51 million as of October 31, 2015.  
  We had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of October 31, 2016 or October 31, 2015. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our combined and consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. Although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. An accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. Those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, allocation methods and allocated expenses from Agilent prior to the separation, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, warranty, restructuring and accounting for income taxes. 
  Revenue recognition.      We enter into agreements to sell products (hardware and/or software), services, and other arrangements (multiple-element arrangements) that include combinations of products and services. Revenue from product sales, net of trade discounts and allowances, is recognized provided that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer, for products, or when the service has been provided. Revenue is reduced for estimated product returns, when appropriate. For sales that include customer-specified acceptance criteria, revenue is recognized after the acceptance criteria have been met. For products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and recognition of installation revenue occurs when the installation is complete. Otherwise, neither the product nor the installation revenue is recognized until the installation is complete. Revenue from services is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered. We allocate revenue to each element in our multiple-element arrangements based upon their relative selling prices. We determine the selling price for each deliverable based on a selling price hierarchy. The selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor specific objective evidence ("VSOE") if available, third-party evidence ("TPE") if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price ("ESP") if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. Revenue from the sale of software products that are not required to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality are accounted for under software revenue recognition rules. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. The amount of product revenue recognized is affected by our judgments as to whether an arrangement includes multiple elements. 
  We use VSOE of selling price in the selling price allocation in all instances where it exists. VSOE of selling price for products and services is determined when a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range when sold separately.  TPE of selling price can be established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. As our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and the solution offered differs substantially from that of competitors, it is difficult to obtain the reliable standalone competitive pricing necessary to establish TPE. ESP represents the best estimate of the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents                

on a standalone basis. We determine ESP for a product or service by using historical selling prices which reflect multiple factors including, but not limited to customer type, geography, market conditions, competitive landscape, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. The determination of ESP is made through consultation with and approval by management. We may modify or develop new pricing practices and strategies in the future. As these pricing strategies evolve, changes may occur in ESP. The aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple-element arrangements, which may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for these elements but will not change the total revenue recognized for the arrangement. 
  Inventory valuation.      We assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. Such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. The excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. Our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. If actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period. 
  Allocations.      Prior to the Capitalization, Agilent allocated certain costs such as share-based compensation expense and retirement and post-retirement benefit plan expense relating to our employees and Agilent's corporate and shared services employees. These expenses were subject to certain underlying assumptions mentioned below. 
  Share-based compensation.      We account for share-based awards in accordance with the provisions of the authoritative accounting guidance, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to our employees and directors. The fair value of share-based awards for employee stock option awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Shares granted under the Long-Term Performance Program were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Both the Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo simulation fair value models require the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The estimated fair value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the market price of Keysight s common stock on the date of grant. Prior to the Separation, it was determined based on the market price of Agilent s common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for expected dividend yield. We did not grant any option awards in 2016. For the year ended October 31, 2015, we used the average historical volatility of   eleven   peer companies to estimate the volatility for our stock option awards. We considered our ability to find traded options of peer companies in the current market with similar terms and prices to our options. For the year ended October 31, 2014, we used the historical volatility of Agilent stock to estimate the volatility for stock option awards. In estimating the expected life of our options, we considered the historical option exercise behavior of our executives, which we believe is representative of future behavior. 
  Retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.      Prior to the Capitalization, our combined and consolidated statements of operations include expense that was allocated to us based on Keysight employees participating in these plans and our share of Agilent's corporate and shared services employee costs. We consider the expense allocation methodology and results to be reasonable for all periods presented. At the Capitalization, we established defined benefit retirement and post-retirement plans for our current and former employees. The defined benefit retirement and post-retirement obligations relating to those participants in these plans were transferred from Agilent s plans to our defined benefit plans. A proportionate share of the defined benefit plan assets was allocated from the Agilent pension trust in each applicable country to a newly established Keysight pension trust. The share of assets allocated to us was in the same proportion as the projected benefit obligation of our participants to the total projected benefit obligation of Agilent. 
    Retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. They represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. Pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to Keysight based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. To estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. Two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. Other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and investment portfolio composition. We evaluate these assumptions at least annually. 
  The discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date, which is October 31 for both U.S. and non-U.S. plans. The U.S. discount rates as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 were determined based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. The non-U.S. discount rates as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015 were determined using spot rates along the yield curve to calculate disaggregated  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents                

discount rates. In addition, we used this method to calculate two components of the periodic benefit cost: service cost and interest cost. If we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be $4 million on U.S. net periodic benefit cost and $12 million on non-U.S. net periodic benefit cost. Lower discount rates increase the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense. 
  The company uses alternate methods of amortization, as allowed by the authoritative guidance, that amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. For U.S. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. For most non-U.S. plans and U.S. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. The expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. Plan assets are valued at fair value. If we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $6 million on U.S. net periodic benefit cost and $13 million on non-U.S. net periodic benefit cost. 
  Goodwill and other intangible assets.    We review goodwill for impairment annually during our fourth fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. As defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. We aggregated components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units. At the time of an acquisition, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. 
  Companies have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether performing the two-step quantitative test is necessary. If an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. Otherwise, no further testing will be required. 
  The guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. These examples include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers. The qualitative indicators replace those previously used to determine whether an interim goodwill impairment test is required. If it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the provisions of authoritative guidance require that we perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. In the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The second step, if necessary, measures the amount of impairment by applying fair-value-based tests to the individual assets and liabilities within each reporting unit. 
  Prior to the Separation, we conducted our business in a single operating segment and reporting unit. In 2014, in conjunction with the planned separation, we implemented changes in our organizational structure which resulted in the formation of   two   reportable operating segments, which were also our reporting units. In 2016, we implemented changes in our organizational structure designed to align our organization with the industries we serve which resulted in the formation of three reportable operating segments, which are also our reporting units. In 2016, we assessed goodwill impairment by performing a quantitative test for our three reporting units. Based on the results of our testing, the fair values of these reporting units were significantly in excess of the carrying values. There was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. Each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated. 
  Other intangible assets consist primarily of developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks and customer relationships and are amortized using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from   6   months to   10   years. No impairments of purchased intangible assets were recorded during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
  We review other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. The authoritative accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the impairment testing guidance for goodwill. It allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. The qualitative factors assist in determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. An organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets are in-process research and development ("IPR D") intangible assets. In 2016, we assessed impairment by performing a qualitative test and concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that all indefinite-lived assets were not impaired. There were no impairments in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
  Warranty.      Our standard warranty term for most of our products from the date of delivery is typically three years. We accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in warranty charges. The accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically  
  
   45 

     Table of Contents                

adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost estimates. Estimated warranty charges are recorded within cost of products at the time related product revenue is recognized. 
  We also sell extended warranties that provide warranty coverage beyond the standard warranty term. Revenue associated with extended warranties is deferred and recognized over the extended coverage period. 
  Restructuring.      The main component of our restructuring plan is related to workforce reductions. Workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. If the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and other related charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded. 
  Accounting for income taxes.      We must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. These estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period. 
  Significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. When it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of specific deferred tax assets such as net operating losses or foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established for the amount of the deferred tax assets that cannot be realized. We consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. We consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. At October 31, 2016, the company maintains a valuation allowance mainly related to deferred tax assets for capital losses in the U.K. and net operating losses in the Netherlands. We intend to maintain a valuation allowance in these jurisdictions until sufficient positive evidence exists to support their reversal. 
  We have provided for all U.S. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of some of our foreign subsidiaries for the portion of earnings we do not intend to reinvest permanently. For the amount of foreign earnings that we consider reinvested permanently, should we decide to remit this income to the U.S. in a future period, our provision for income taxes will increase materially in that period. 
  The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. Although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. In accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all U.S. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. The ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. If our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. If events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the combined and consolidated statements of operations. 
  For 2014, we have calculated our taxes on a separate return basis. However, the amounts recorded for 2014 are not necessarily representative of the amounts that would have been reflected in the financial statements had we been an entity that operated independent of Agilent. Consequently, our results after our separation from Agilent may be materially different than those periods prior to the Separation. 
   
  New Accounting Standards 
  See Note 2, "New Accounting Pronouncements," to the combined and consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements. 
   
  Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  At various times, we use derivative financial instruments to limit exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Because derivative instruments are used solely as hedges and not for speculative trading purposes, fluctuations in the market values of such derivative instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the underlying economic exposures that the instruments are intended to hedge. For further discussion of derivative financial instruments, refer to Note 14, "Derivatives." 
  
   46 

     Table of Contents                

Currency exchange rate risk 
  We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our sales commitments, anticipated sales, and assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. We hedge future cash flows denominated in currencies other than the functional currency using sales and expense forecasts up to twelve months in advance. Our exposure to exchange rate risks is managed on an enterprise-wide basis. This strategy utilizes derivative financial instruments, including option and forward contracts, to hedge certain foreign currency exposures with the intent of offsetting gains and losses that occur on the underlying exposures with gains and losses on the derivative contracts hedging them. We do not currently and do not intend to utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
  Our operations generate non-functional currency cash flows such as revenue, third-party vendor payments and inter-company payments. In anticipation of these foreign currency cash flows and in view of the volatility of the currency market, we enter into such foreign exchange contracts as described above to substantially mitigate our currency risk. Approximately 71 percent of our revenues in 2016, 75 percent of our revenues in 2015 and 74 percent of our revenues in 2014 were generated in U.S. dollars. 
  We performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10 percent adverse movement in foreign exchange rates to the hedging contracts and the underlying exposures described above. As of   October 31, 2016   and 2015, the analysis indicated that these hypothetical market movements would not have a material effect on our combined and consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
  Interest rate risk 
  As of October 31, 2016, we had $1,100 million in principal amount of fixed-rate senior notes outstanding. The carrying amount of the senior notes was $1,100 million, and the related fair value based on quoted prices was $1,130 million. A change in interest rates on long-term debt impacts the fair value of the company s fixed-rate long-term debt but not the company s earnings or cash flow because the interest on such debt is fixed. Generally, the fair market value of fixed-rate debt will increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. 
    
  As of October 31, 2016, a hypothetical 10 percent increase in interest rates would have decreased the fair value of the company s fixed-rate long-term debt by approximately $20 million. However, since the company currently has no plans to repurchase its outstanding fixed-rate instruments before their maturity nor do the investors in our fixed-rate debt obligations have the right to demand we pay off these obligations prior to maturity, the impact of market interest rate fluctuations on the company s fixed-rate long-term debt does not affect the company s results of operations or stockholders  equity. 
  
   47 

     Table of Contents                

Item 8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
    
                   Index to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements 
      
    Page 

Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
      
    49 
       Combined and Consolidated Statement of Operations for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016  
      
    50 
       Combined and Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016  
      
    51 
       Consolidated Balance Sheet at October 31, 2016 and 2015  
      
    52 
       Combined and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016  
      
    53 
       Combined and Consolidated Statement of Equity for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016  
      
    54 
       Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements  
      
    55 
       Quarterly Summary (unaudited)  
      
    95 

48 

     Table of Contents                

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To     the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Keysight Technologies, Inc.: 
    
  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related combined and consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Keysight Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries at October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related combined and consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedule, and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits (which were integrated audits in 2016 and 2015). We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
    
  As discussed in Note 2 to the combined and consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it classifies deferred tax assets and liabilities in 2016 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. 
    
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
    
  San Jose, California 
  December 19, 2016 

49 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
  (in millions, except per share data) 

(a)    On November 1, 2014, Agilent Technologies, Inc. distributed   167 million   shares of Keysight common stock to existing holders of Agilent common stock. Basic and diluted net income per share for the year ended October 31, 2014 is calculated using the shares distributed on November 1, 2014. 
  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined and consolidated financial statements. 
  
   50 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in millions) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined and consolidated financial statements. 

51 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
  (in millions, except par value and share data)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   52 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
   COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in millions) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined and consolidated financial statements. 
  
   53 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
   COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY 
  (in millions, except number of shares in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these combined and consolidated financial statements. 
  
   54 

Table of Contents                

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  NOTES TO COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  1.     OVERVIEW, BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Overview.      Keysight Technologies, Inc. ("we", "us", "Keysight" or the "company"), incorporated in Delaware on December 6, 2013, is a measurement company providing electronic design and test solutions to communications and electronics industries. 
  On November 1, 2014, Keysight became an independent publicly-traded company through the distribution by Agilent Technologies, Inc. ("Agilent") of 100 percent of the outstanding common stock of Keysight to Agilent's shareholders (the "Separation"). Each Agilent shareholder of record as of the close of business on October 22, 2014 received   one   share of Keysight common stock for every   two   shares of Agilent common stock held on the record date, resulting in the distribution of   approximately   167 million   shares of Keysight common stock. Keysight's   Registration Statement on Form 10 was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on October 6, 2014. Keysight's common stock began trading "regular-way" under the ticker symbol "KEYS" on the New York Stock Exchange on November 3, 2014. 
  Basis of presentation.    We have prepared the accompanying financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC and in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ("GAAP"). Our fiscal year end is October 31.  Unless otherwise stated, all years and dates refer to our fiscal year. 
  Agilent transferred substantially all of the assets and liabilities and operations of the electronic measurement business to Keysight in August 2014 ("the Capitalization"). Combined financial statements prior to the Capitalization were prepared on a stand-alone basis and were derived from Agilent s consolidated financial statements and accounting records. Expenses were allocated to us using estimates that we consider to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided or the benefit received by us during the periods presented.  
  Following the Capitalization, the consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the company and our wholly-owned subsidiaries.  For the first half of fiscal 2015, Agilent provided some services on a transitional basis for a fee, which were partially offset by other income from Keysight services provided to Agilent. These services were received or provided under a transition services agreement. The net costs associated with the transition services agreement were not materially different than the historical costs that were allocated to us related to these same services.  
  Management is responsible for the fair presentation of the accompanying combined and consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP, and has full responsibility for their integrity and accuracy. In the opinion of management, the accompanying combined and consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments necessary to present fairly our consolidated balance sheet and our combined and consolidated statement of operations, statement of comprehensive income, statement of cash flows and statement of equity for all periods presented. 
  Principles of consolidation.      The combined and consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the company and our wholly- and majority-owned subsidiaries. All significant inter-company transactions have been eliminated. All significant transactions between us and other businesses of Agilent are included in these combined and consolidated financial statements. All inter-company transactions prior to the Capitalization are considered to be effectively settled for cash in the combined and consolidated statement of cash flows at the time the transaction is recorded. 
     Use of estimates.      The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our combined and consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. Although these estimates are based on management's knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. Those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, allocation methods and allocated expenses from Agilent prior to the Separation, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, warranty, restructuring and accounting for income taxes. 
  Land Sale.     On  April 30, 2014   we entered into a binding sales contract with real estate developers to sell land in the U.K. The contract calls for proportionate transfers and payments of three separate land tracts totaling approximately  $34 million   in May 2014, November 2015 and November 2016. In 2016, we recognized a   $10 million   gain on the sale of the second of three land tracts in other operating expense (income), net.  
  Revenue recognition.      We enter into agreements to sell products (hardware and/or software), services and other arrangements (multiple-element arrangements) that include combinations of products and services. 
  
   55 

     Table of Contents                

We recognize revenue, net of trade discounts and allowances, provided that (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred, (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. Delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer, for products, or when the service has been provided. We consider the price to be fixed or determinable when the price is not subject to refund or adjustments. We consider arrangements with extended payment terms not to be fixed or determinable, and accordingly we defer revenue until amounts become due. At the time of the transaction, we evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers to determine the appropriate timing of revenue recognition. 
  Product revenue.      Our product revenue is generated predominantly from the sales of various types of test equipment and associated software. Product revenue, including sales to resellers and distributors, is reduced for estimated returns, when appropriate.  For sales or arrangements that include customer-specified acceptance criteria, including those where acceptance is required upon achievement of performance milestones, revenue is recognized after the acceptance criteria have been met. For products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and recognition of installation revenue is delayed until the installation is complete. Otherwise, neither the product nor the installation revenue is recognized until the installation is complete. 
  Where software is licensed separately, revenue is recognized when the software is delivered and has been transferred to the customer or, in the case of electronic delivery of software, when the customer is given access to the licensed software programs.  
  We also evaluate whether collection of the receivable is probable, the fee is fixed or determinable and whether any other undelivered elements of the arrangement exist on which a portion of the total fee would be allocated based on vendor-specific objective evidence ("VSOE"). When VSOE is not available we then use third-party evidence ("TPE") or management's best estimate of selling price ("ESP"). 
  Service revenue.      Revenue from services includes repair and calibration services, extended warranty, customer and software support, consulting, training and education. Service revenue is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. For example, customer support contracts are recognized rateably over the contractual period, while training revenue is recognized as the training is provided to the customer. In addition, the four revenue recognition criteria described above must be met before service revenue is recognized. 
  Revenue recognition for arrangements with multiple deliverables.      Our multiple-element arrangements are generally comprised of a combination of measurement instruments, installation or other start-up services, and/or software and/or support or services. Hardware and software elements are typically delivered at the same time and revenue is recognized upon delivery and acceptance, if required, once title and risk of loss pass to the customer. Delivery of installation, start-up services and other services varies based on the complexity of the equipment, staffing levels in a geographic location and customer preferences, and can range from a few days to a few months. Service revenue is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. Revenue from the sale of software products that are not required to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality are accounted for under software revenue recognition rules which require VSOE of fair value to allocate revenue in a multiple-element arrangement. Our arrangements generally do not include any provisions for cancellation, termination, or refunds that would significantly impact recognized revenue. 
  We evaluate the deliverables in our multiple-element arrangements and conclude that they are separate units of accounting if it is determined the delivered item or items have value to the customer on a standalone basis. For arrangements that include a general right of return relative to the delivered item(s), delivery or performance of the undelivered item(s) has been determined to be probable and substantially in our control. We allocate revenue to each element in our multiple-element arrangements based upon their relative selling prices. We determine the selling price for each deliverable based on a selling price hierarchy. The selling price for a deliverable is based on VSOE if available, TPE if VSOE is not available, or ESP if neither VSOE nor TPE is available. Revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. 
  We use VSOE of selling price in the selling price allocation in all instances where it exists. VSOE of selling price for products and services is determined when a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range when sold separately. TPE of selling price can be established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. As our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and the solution offered differs substantially from that of competitors, it is difficult to obtain the reliable standalone competitive pricing necessary to establish TPE. ESP represents the best estimate of the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a standalone basis. We determine ESP for a product or service by using historical selling prices which reflect multiple factors including, but not limited to, customer type, geography, market conditions, competitive landscape, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. The determination of ESP is made through consultation with and approval by management. We may modify or develop new pricing practices and strategies in the future. As these pricing strategies evolve, changes may occur in ESP. The  
  
   56 

     Table of Contents                

aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple-element arrangements, which may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for these elements but will not change the total revenue recognized for the arrangement. 
  Shipping and handling costs.      Our shipping and handling costs charged to customers are included in net revenue, and the associated expense is recorded in cost of products for all periods presented. 
  Deferred revenue.      Deferred revenue represents the amount that is allocated to undelivered elements in multiple-element arrangements. We limit the revenue recognized to the amount that is not contingent on the future delivery of products or services or meeting other specified performance conditions. In addition, service revenue is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. 
  Accounts receivable, net.      Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. Such accounts receivable have been reduced by an allowance for doubtful accounts, which is our best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in our existing accounts receivable. We determine the allowance based on customer specific experience and the aging of such receivables, among other factors. The allowance for doubtful accounts was approximately $2 million as of October 31, 2016 and was not material as of October 31, 2015. We do not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to our customers. Accounts receivable are also recorded net of product returns. 
  Share-based compensation.      Prior to our separation from Agilent, our employees historically participated in Agilent s various incentive award plans, including employee stock options, restricted stock units and the employee stock purchases made under Agilent s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("Agilent's ESPP ) and we participated in Agilent s share-based compensation plans and recorded share-based compensation expense based on the equity awards granted to our employees. We recorded compensation expense based on expenses for the awards to our employees as well as an allocation of Agilent s corporate and shared services employee expenses. 
  In   2016   and 2015, we accounted for share-based awards made to our employees and directors including employee stock option awards, restricted stock units, employee stock purchases made under Keysight's Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("Keysight's ESPP") and performance share awards under Keysight Technologies, Inc. Long-Term Performance ("Keysight's LTP") Program using the estimated grant date fair value method of accounting. In   2014  , we accounted for share-based awards made to our employees and directors including employee stock option awards, restricted stock units, employee stock purchases made under Agilent's ESPP and performance share awards under Agilent Technologies, Inc. Long-Term Performance ("Agilent's LTP") Program using the estimated grant date fair value method of accounting. Under the fair value method, we recorded compensation expense for all share-based awards of $49 million in   2016  ,   $55 million   in   2015   and   $44 million   in   2014  . 
  Inventory.      Inventory is valued at standard cost, which approximates actual cost computed on a first-in, first-out basis, not in excess of market value. We assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based on estimates about future demand and actual usage. The excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. Our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales unit forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. 
  Warranty.      Our standard warranty term for most of our products from the date of delivery is typically   three   years. We accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in warranty charges. The accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost estimates. Estimated warranty charges are recorded within cost of products at the time related product revenue is recognized. See Note 17, "Guarantees." 
  We also sell extended warranties that provide warranty coverage beyond the standard warranty term. Revenue associated with extended warranties is deferred and recognized over the extended coverage period. 
  Taxes on income.      Income tax expense is based on income or loss before taxes. Deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between asset and liability amounts that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts that are recognized for income tax purposes. These deferred taxes are measured by applying currently enacted tax laws. Valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. 
  We account for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. We make adjustments to these reserves when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate due to new information. We classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent  
  
   57 

     Table of Contents                

that the company anticipates payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized in the provision for income taxes. Given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, we are unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits. 
  Goodwill and other intangible assets.      Goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, as of September 30, on a reporting unit basis, or more frequently when events and circumstances occur indicating that the recorded goodwill may be impaired. In accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine this is the case, we are required to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test to identify potential goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized. If we determine that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amounts, the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required.  
  As defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. Prior to the Separation, we conducted our business in a single operating segment and reporting unit. In 2014, in conjunction with the planned separation, we implemented changes in our organizational structure which resulted in the formation of   two   reportable operating segments, which were also our reporting units. In 2016, we implemented changes in our organizational structure designed to align our organization with the industries we serve which resulted in the formation of   three   reportable operating segments, which are also our reporting units. In 2016, we assessed goodwill impairment by performing a quantitative test for our three reporting units. Based on the results of our testing, the fair values of these reporting units were significantly in excess of the carrying values. There was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
  Other intangible assets consist primarily of developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, and customer relationships and are amortized using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from   6   months to   10   years. No impairments of purchased intangible assets were recorded during the year ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
  We review other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. The authoritative accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the impairment testing guidance for goodwill. It allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. The qualitative factors assist in determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. An organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets are in-process research and development ("IPR D") intangible assets. In 2016, we assessed impairment by performing a qualitative test and concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that all indefinite-lived assets were not impaired. There were no impairments in fiscal years 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
  Advertising.      Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and amounted to   $19 million   in   2016  ,   $27 million   in   2015   and   $22 million   in   2014  . 
  Research and development.      Costs related to the research, design and development of our products are charged to research and development expense as they are incurred. 
  Sales taxes.      Sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are not included in our revenue. 
  Investments.      Cost method investments consisting of non-marketable equity securities are accounted for at historical cost. Trading securities are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings. Investments designated as available-for-sale are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income. The company assesses investments for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an investment may not be recoverable. In 2016, cost method investments with a carrying amount of   $2 million   were written down to their fair value of   zero  , resulting in an impairment charge of   $2 million  , which is included in other income (expense). In 2015, cost method investments with a carrying amount of   $4 million   were written down to their fair value of   zero  , resulting in an impairment charge of   $4 million  , which is included in other income (expense). There were no impairments recognized in 2014. 
   Net income per share.      Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income - the numerator - by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding - the denominator - during the period excluding the dilutive effect of stock options and other employee stock plans. Diluted net income per share gives effect to all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. The dilutive effect of share-based awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of unamortized share-based compensation expense, the tax benefits recorded in additional paid-in capital and the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and non-vested restricted stock units. Under  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents                

the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options, unamortized share-based compensation expense and tax benefits are assumed proceeds to be used to repurchase hypothetical shares. 
  Basic and diluted net income per share for the year ended October 31, 2014 is calculated using the shares distributed on November 1, 2014. See Note 7, "Net Income Per Share." 
  Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments.      We classify investments as cash equivalents if their original maturity or remaining maturity at the time of purchase is three months or less at the date of purchase. Cash equivalents are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , approximately $556 million of our cash and cash equivalents was held outside of the U.S. in our foreign subsidiaries. Under current tax laws, most of the cash could be repatriated to the U.S., but it would be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. Our cash and cash equivalents mainly consist of short-term deposits held at major global financial institutions, investments in institutional money market funds, and similar short duration instruments with original maturities of   90   days or less. We continuously monitor the creditworthiness of the financial institutions and institutional money market funds in which we invest our funds. 
  We classify investments as short-term investments if their original maturities are greater than three months and their remaining maturities are one year or less. 
  Restricted Cash  .   As of October 31, 2016, restricted cash of   $2 million   consisted of approximately   $1 million   of deposits held as collateral against bank guarantees and approximately   $1 million   of deposits held as collateral against foreign currency hedging contracts and is classified within other assets and other current assets, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheet. As of October 31, 2015, restricted cash of   $1 million   consisted of deposits held as collateral against bank guarantees and is classified within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
  Fair value of financial instruments.      The carrying values of certain of our financial instruments including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other accrued liabilities approximate fair value because of their short maturities. The fair value of long-term equity investments is determined using quoted market prices for those securities when available. For those long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost or equity method, their carrying value approximates their estimated fair value. The fair value of our long-term debt, calculated from quoted prices which are primarily Level 1 inputs under the accounting guidance fair value hierarchy, exceeded the carrying value by approximately   $30 million   and was below the carrying value by approximately   $8 million   as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fair value of foreign currency contracts used for hedging purposes is estimated internally by using inputs tied to active markets. These inputs, for example, interest rate yield curves, foreign exchange rates, and forward and spot prices for currencies are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. See also Note 13, "Fair Value Measurements," for additional information on the fair value of financial instruments. 
  Concentration of credit risk.      Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentration of credit risk include money market fund investments, time deposits and demand deposit balances. These investments are categorized as cash and cash equivalents and long-term investments. In addition, we have credit risk from derivative financial instruments used in hedging activities and accounts receivable. We invest in a variety of financial instruments and limit the amount of credit exposure with any one financial institution. We have a comprehensive credit policy in place and credit exposure is monitored on an ongoing basis.  
  Credit risk with respect to our accounts receivable is diversified due to the large number of entities comprising our customer base and their dispersion across many different industries and geographies. Credit evaluations are performed on customers requiring credit over a certain amount. 
  Credit risk is mitigated through collateral such as letters of credit, bank guarantees or payment terms like cash in advance. Credit evaluation is performed by an independent team to ensure proper segregation of duties. No single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of accounts receivable as of   October 31, 2016   or   2015  . 
  Derivative instruments.      We are exposed to global foreign currency exchange rate risk in the normal course of business. We enter into foreign exchange hedging contracts, primarily forward contracts and purchased options to manage financial exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Foreign currency exposures include committed and anticipated revenue and expense transactions (cash flow exposure) and assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary (balance sheet exposure). For cash flow hedges, contracts are designed at inception as hedges of the related foreign currency exposures. For option contracts, we exclude time value from the measurement of effectiveness. We formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as our risk-management objective and strategy  
  
   59 

     Table of Contents                

for undertaking various hedge transactions at the inception of the hedge. This process includes linking all derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges to specific forecasted transactions. We also formally assess, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the hedging instruments are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of hedged items. Our foreign exchange hedging contracts generally mature within twelve months. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes. 
  All derivatives are recognized on the balance sheet at their fair values. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as a cash flow hedge, changes in the value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument is recognized in accumulated comprehensive income, a component of stockholders' equity. Amounts associated with cash flow hedges are reclassified and recognized in income when either the forecast transaction occurs or it becomes probable the forecast transaction will not occur. Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and changes in the fair values are recorded in earnings in the current period. Derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and qualify for net presentation in the balance sheet. Changes in the fair value of the ineffective portion of derivative instruments are recognized in earnings in the current period. Cash flows from derivative instruments are classified in the statement of cash flows in the same category as the cash flows from the hedged or economically hedged item, primarily in operating activities. 
  Property, plant and equipment.      Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Additions, improvements and major renewals are capitalized; maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed as incurred. When assets are retired or disposed of, the assets and related accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from our general ledger, and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in the combined and consolidated statement of operations. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over the lesser of their useful lives or the remaining term of the lease and machinery and equipment over   three   to   ten   years. We use the straight-line method to depreciate assets. 
  Leases.      We lease buildings, machinery and equipment under operating leases for original terms ranging generally from   one   to   twenty-five   years. Certain leases contain renewal options for periods up to   ten   years.  
  Capitalized software.      We capitalize certain internal and external costs incurred to acquire or create internal use software. Capitalized software is included in property, plant and equipment and is depreciated over   three   to   five   years once development is complete. 
  Impairment of long-lived assets.      We continually monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of long-lived assets, including intangible assets, may not be recoverable. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, we assess the recoverability of long-lived assets by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. 
  Restructuring costs.      The main component of our restructuring plan is related to workforce reductions. Workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. If the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and other related charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded. 
  Employee compensation and benefits.      Amounts owed to employees, such as accrued salary, bonuses and vacation benefits are accounted for within employee compensation and benefits. The total amount of accrued vacation benefit was $66 million and $63 million as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
  Foreign currency translation.      We translate and remeasure balance sheet and statement of operations items into U.S. dollars.  For those subsidiaries that operate in a local currency functional environment, all assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates at the balance sheet date; revenue and expenses are translated using monthly exchange rates which approximate to average exchange rates in effect during each period. Resulting translation adjustments are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders' equity. 
  For those subsidiaries that operate in a U.S. dollar functional environment, foreign currency assets and liabilities are re-measured into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates except for non-monetary assets and capital accounts which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are generally remeasured at monthly exchange rates which approximate average exchange rates in effect during each period. Gains or losses from foreign currency re-measurement are included in net income. Net gains or losses resulting from foreign currency transactions, including hedging gains and losses that were allocated to us by Agilent prior to the separation, are reported in other income (expense) was not material for 2016, $5 million gain for 2015, zero for 2014. 
  Retirement plans and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.    Retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a  
  
   60 

     Table of Contents                

significant cost of doing business. They represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. Pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to Keysight based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. To estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of GAAP. Two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. Other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. We evaluate these assumptions at least annually. See Note 16, "Retirement Plans and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans." 
   
  2.    NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an amendment to the accounting guidance related to revenue recognition. The amendment was the result of a joint project between the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop common revenue standards for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). To meet those objectives, the FASB amended the FASB Accounting Standards Codification and created a new Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and the IASB issued IFRS 15, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. On July 9, 2015, the FASB deferred the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for annual reporting periods beginning after that date. The FASB also permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016. In addition, during March, April and May 2016, the FASB issued guidance that clarified the reporting of revenue as a principal versus agent, identifying performance obligations, accounting for intellectual property licenses, narrow-scope improvements, and practical expedients. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  , which requires deferred income tax liabilities and assets to be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet, and eliminates the prior guidance which required an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a non-current amount in a classified balance sheet. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. Additionally, the new guidance may be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance prospectively during the third quarter of 2016. Accordingly, the consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2016 reflects the new classification but the prior period amounts were not adjusted to conform to the new guidance. As a result of the adoption of this guidance,   $75 million   of current deferred tax assets and   $2 million   of deferred tax liabilities were reclassed to non-current. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued guidance that amends various aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure for financial instruments. The standard generally requires companies to measure investments in other entities, except those accounted for under the equity method, at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in earnings. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for various provisions of the standard. We do not expect a material impact to our consolidated financial statements due to the adoption of this guidance. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued guidance that will require organizations that lease assets to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP, which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet, the new guidance will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In March 2016, the FASB issued guidance that simplifies the accounting for taxes related to share-based compensation, including adjustments to how excess tax benefits and a company's payments for tax withholdings should be classified. The standard is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 31, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In June 2016, the FASB issued guidance that replace today s  incurred loss  approach with an  expected loss  model for instruments measured at amortized cost and require entities to record allowances for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount, as they do today under the other-than-temporary impairment model. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods therein. We do not expect a material impact to our consolidated financial statements due to the adoption of this guidance. 
  
   61 

     Table of Contents                

In August 2016, the FASB issued guidance that adds or clarifies guidance on eight cash flow classification issues that have been creating diversity in practice. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect a material impact to our consolidated financial statements due to the adoption of this guidance. 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued guidance that removes the requirement under which the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers are deferred until the assets are ultimately sold to an outside party, except for transfers of inventory. The tax consequences of such transfers would be recognized in tax expense when the transfers occur. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating when we anticipate adopting this guidance and the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In October 2016, the FASB issued guidance that limits when a reporting entity is required to consolidate a variable interest entity ( VIE ) to when the reporting entity has an indirect interest in the VIE through a related party under common control. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect a material impact to our consolidated financial statements due to the adoption of this guidance. 
  In November 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires an entity to include in its cash and cash equivalent balances in the statement of cash flows those amounts that are deemed to be restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents. The standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. We do not expect a material impact to our consolidated financial statements due to the adoption of this guidance. 
  Other amendments to GAAP that have been issued by the FASB or other standards-setting bodies that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on our combined and consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 

3. ACQUISITION OF ANITE 
    
  On   August 13, 2015  , we acquired all of the share capital of Anite plc ("Anite.") Anite was a U.K.-based global company with strong software expertise and a leading supplier of wireless test solutions. As a result of the acquisition, Anite has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Keysight. Accordingly, the results of Anite are included in Keysight's consolidated financial statements from the date of the acquisition. For the period from August 14, 2015 to October 31, 2015, Anite's net revenue was   $25 million   and net loss was   $14 million  . This acquisition strengthened our wireless software design and test portfolio and its Network Test business expanded our served addressable market. Coupled with Keysight's expertise in helping customers design and test hardware, we can now provide customers with more comprehensive wireless solutions. Anite s Network Test business will also enable us to provide innovative solutions that help customers deliver an outstanding experience for mobile users in the network. 
    
  The consideration paid was approximately   $558 million  , net of   $43 million   of cash acquired. We funded the acquisition using our existing cash. In connection with the acquisition of Anite, we entered into several foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the currency exchange risk associated with the payment of the purchase price in   British Pound   currency. The aggregate notional amount of the currencies hedged was   $608 million  . These foreign exchange contracts did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and were not designated as hedging instruments. The resulting loss on settlement, on the date of acquisition, was   $2 million   and was recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2015.  
    
  The Anite acquisition was accounted for in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance. The acquired assets and assumed liabilities were recorded by Keysight at their estimated fair values. Keysight determined the estimated fair values with the assistance of appraisals or valuations performed by third party specialists, discounted cash flow analysis, and estimates made by management. We expect to leverage and expand the existing sales channels and product development resources, and utilize the assembled workforce. The company also anticipates opportunities for growth through expanded geographic and customer segment diversity and the ability to leverage additional products and capabilities. These factors, among others, contributed to a purchase price in excess of the estimated fair value of Anite's net identifiable assets acquired (see summary of net assets below), and, as a result, we have recorded goodwill in connection with this transaction.  
    
  All goodwill was allocated to the Communications Solutions Group reporting unit. We do not expect the goodwill recognized to be deductible for income tax purposes. Any impairment charges made in the future associated with goodwill will not be tax deductible. 
    
  A portion of the overall purchase price was allocated to acquired intangible assets. Amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets is not deductible for tax purposes. Therefore, a deferred tax liability of approximately   $47 million   was  
  
   62 

     Table of Contents                

established primarily for the future amortization of these intangibles and is included in "other long-term liabilities" in the table below. 
    
  The following table summarizes the final allocation of the purchase price to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the closing date of August 13, 2015 (in millions): 
                     Cash and cash equivalents 
    $ 
    43 
      
      Accounts receivable 
    32 
      
      Inventory 
    19 
      
      Deferred tax assets 
    1 
      
      Other current assets 
    10 
      
      Property, plant and equipment 
    31 
      
      Intangible assets 
    244 
      
      Goodwill 
    324 
      
      Long-term deferred tax assets 
    5 
      
      Total assets acquired 
    709 
      
      Accounts payable 
    (10 
    ) 
      Employee compensation and benefits 
    (3 
    ) 
      Deferred revenue 
    (17 
    ) 
      Income and other taxes payable 

Other accrued liabilities 
    (26 
    ) 
      Other long-term liabilities 
    (50 
    ) 
      Net assets acquired 
    $ 
    603 

The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, employee compensation and benefits, and other accrued liabilities were generally determined using historical carrying values given the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. The fair values for acquired inventory, property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, and deferred revenue were determined with the input from third-party valuation specialists. The fair values of certain other assets and certain other liabilities were determined internally using historical carrying values and estimates made by management. 
    
  Valuations of intangible assets acquired 
    
  The components of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Anite acquisition were as follows (in millions): 
                         
    Estimated Fair Value 
    Estimated useful life 
      Developed product technology 
    $ 
    182 
      
    6 years 
      Customer relationships 
    31 
      
    8 years 
      Tradenames and trademarks 
    19 
      
    10 years 
      Total intangible assets subject to amortization 
    232 

In-process research and development 
    12 

Total intangible assets 
    $ 
    244 

As noted above, the intangible assets were valued with input from valuation specialists using the income approach, which includes the discounted cash flow, cost-savings, and relief from royalty methods. The in-process research and development was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach by discounting forecasted cash flows directly related to the products expecting to result from the projects, net of returns on contributory assets. Discount rates of   11%   and   11.5%   were used to value the research and development projects, adjusted to reflect additional risks inherent in the acquired projects. The primary in-process projects acquired relate to next generation products which will be released in the near future. Total costs to complete for all Anite in-process research and development were estimated at approximately   $1 million   as of the close date. 
    
  Acquisition and integration costs directly related to the Anite acquisition totaled   $18 million   and   $14 million   for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and were recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. Such costs are expensed in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance. 
    
  The following represents pro forma operating results as if Anite had been included in the company's combined and consolidated statements of operations as of the beginning of fiscal 2014 (in millions, except per share amounts): 

63 

     Table of Contents                

The pro forma financial information assumes that the companies were combined as of November 1, 2013 and include business combination accounting effects from the acquisition including amortization charges from acquired intangible assets, the impact on cost of sales due to the respective estimated fair value adjustments to inventory, and acquisition-related transaction costs and tax-related effects. The pro forma information as presented above is for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place at the beginning of fiscal 2014. 
    
  The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended October 31, 2015 combines the historical results of Keysight for the year ended October 31, 2015 (which includes Anite after the acquisition date) and for Anite for the nine months ended July 31, 2015. 
    
  The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended October 31, 2014 combines the historical results of Keysight and Anite for the year ended October 31, 2014. 

4.    TRANSACTIONS WITH AGILENT 
  Prior to the separation, we were the Electronic Measurement segment of Agilent. After the Capitalization and prior to November 1, 2014, our transactions with Agilent were considered related-party transactions since Agilent owned   100%   of our outstanding common stock. 
  The amount of materials and services sold by us to other Agilent businesses was immaterial for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, and we did not purchase any materials from the other Agilent businesses for those respective periods. 
  Allocated Costs 
  The combined and consolidated statement of operations includes our direct expenses for cost of products and services sold, research and development, sales and marketing, distribution, and administration as well as allocations of expenses arising from shared services and infrastructure provided by Agilent to us. Prior to Separation, these allocated expenses include costs of information technology, accounting and legal services, real estate and facilities, corporate advertising, insurance services, treasury and other corporate and infrastructure services and costs for central research and development efforts. In addition, other costs allocated to us include restructuring costs, share-based compensation expense and retirement plan expenses related to Agilent s corporate and shared services employees and are included in the table below. These expenses are allocated to us using estimates that we consider to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or benefits received by us. These costs have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro-rata basis of revenue, square footage, headcount or other measures. 
  Allocated costs included in the accompanying combined and consolidated statement of operations are as follows: 

Fiscal 2014 includes allocated costs related to the period prior to the Capitalization.  
    
  The payable to Agilent was reduced by   $25 million   during fiscal 2015 as a result of finalization of discussions with Agilent as provided in the separation and distribution agreement. This adjustment was reflected as an increase in additional paid-in-capital in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The remaining receivables from and payables to Agilent were settled as of October 31, 2015. 
  
   64 

     Table of Contents                

5.    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
  Keysight accounts for share-based awards in accordance with the provisions of the authoritative accounting guidance, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to our employees and directors, including employee stock option awards, Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs"), employee stock purchases made under our Employee Stock Purchase Plan ( ESPP ) and performance share awards granted to selected members of our senior management under the Long-Term Performance ( LTP ) Program based on estimated fair values. 
    
  Prior to the Separation, Keysight employees participated in Agilent s equity plans. Upon the Separation, outstanding Keysight employee stock options, RSUs and LTP Program awards previously issued under Agilent s equity plans were adjusted and converted into new Keysight stock-based awards under the Keysight 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan using a formula designed to preserve the intrinsic value and fair value of the awards immediately prior to the Separation. These adjusted awards retained the vesting schedule and expiration date of the original awards. 
    
  Description of Keysight s Share-Based Plans 
    
  Incentive compensation plans.      The 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the "2014 Stock Plan") was originally adopted by the Board of Directors ("the Board") on July 16, 2014, subsequently amended and restated by the Board on September 29, 2014 and on January 22, 2015 and became effective as of November 1, 2014 (the  Effective Date ). The Board initially reserved   25 million   shares of company common stock that may be issued under the 2014 Stock Plan, plus any shares forfeited or cancelled under the 2014 Stock Plan and subsequently reduced the number to   17 million   shares. The 2014 Stock Plan provides for the grant of awards in the form of stock options, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs, performance shares and performance units with performance-based conditions on vesting or exercisability, and cash awards. The 2014 Stock Plan has a term of   ten years  . As of October 31, 2016, approximately   7 million   shares were available for future awards under the 2014 Stock Plan.  
  Stock options granted under the 2014 Stock Plan may be either "incentive stock options," as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or non-statutory. Options generally vest at a rate of   25   percent per year over a period of four years from the date of grant and generally have a maximum contractual term of   ten years  . The exercise price for stock options is generally not less than   100   percent of the fair market value of our common stock on the date the stock award is granted.  
    
  Effective November 1, 2014, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the Performance awards plan, which is a performance stock award program administered under the 2014 Stock Plan, for the company's executive officers and other key employees. Participants in this program are entitled to receive unrestricted shares of the company's stock after the end of a three-year period, if specified performance targets are met. Performance awards are generally designed to meet the criteria of a performance award with the performance metrics and peer group comparison set at the beginning of the performance period.  Based on the performance metrics the final award may vary from   zero   to   200   percent of the target award. The maximum contractual term for awards under the Performance awards program is   three years  . We consider the dilutive impact of this program in our diluted net income per share calculation only to the extent that the performance conditions are met. 
  Restricted stock units under our share-based plans are granted to directors, executives and employees. The estimated fair value of the restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2014 Stock Plan is determined based on the market price of Keysight common stock on the date of grant. Restricted stock units generally vest, with some exceptions, at a rate of   25 percent   per year over a period of four years from the date of grant. 
    
  Effective November 1, 2014, the company adopted the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The ESPP allows eligible employees to contribute up to   ten   percent of their base compensation to purchase shares of Keysight common stock at   85   percent of the closing market price at purchase date. Shares authorized for issuance in connection with the ESPP are subject to an automatic annual increase of the lesser of   one   percent of the outstanding shares of Keysight common stock on November 1, or an amount determined by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. Under the terms of the ESPP, in no event shall the number of shares issued under the ESPP exceed   75 million   shares. 
    
  Under our ESPP, employees purchased   1,234,111   shares for   $30 million   in 2016 and   493,289   shares for   $14 million   in 2015. As of October 31, 2016, the number of shares of common stock authorized and available for issuance under our ESPP was   23,272,600  . The number of securities remaining available for future issuance is before the issuance of shares of common stock to participants in consideration of the aggregate participant contribution totaling   $16 million   as of October 31, 2016. Under Agilent's ESPP, our employees purchased   878,816   shares of Agilent for   $40 million   in 2014. The shares purchased by our employees in 2014 include the shares purchased for the second half of 2014 ESPP purchase period. These shares were purchased one month in advance on October 1, 2014, due to separation activities. 
  
   65 

     Table of Contents                

Impact of Share-based Compensation Awards 
  All share-based awards compensation expense has been recognized using a straight-line amortization method and as required by guidance, has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. 
  The impact on our results for share-based compensation was as follows: 

At   October 31, 2016   and 2015 no share-based compensation expense was capitalized within inventory. The income tax benefit (deficiency) realized from the exercised stock options and similar awards recognized was   $(5) million   in   2016  ,   $4 million   in   2015   and   $4 million   in   2014  . The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in   2015   and   2014   was   $9.20   and   $18.73   per share, respectively. 
  Valuation Assumptions 
  The following assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of employee stock options and LTP Program grants.   

  The fair value of share-based awards for employee stock option awards was estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Shares granted under the LTP Program were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Both the Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo simulation fair value models require the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The estimated fair value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the market price of Keysight s common stock on the date of grant. Prior to the Separation, it was determined based on the market price of Agilent s common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for expected dividend yield.  
  We did not grant any option awards in 2016. For the year ended October 31, 2015, we used the average historical volatility of   eleven   peer companies to estimate the volatility for our stock option awards. We considered our ability to find traded options of peer companies in the current market with similar terms and prices to our options. For the year ended October 31, 2014, we used the historical volatility of Agilent stock to estimate the volatility for stock option awards. In estimating the expected life of our options, we considered the historical option exercise behavior of our executives, which we believe is representative of future behavior. 
    
  As of November 1, 2014, Agilent s fiscal 2013 LTP Program grants to Keysight executives are classified as liability awards in our combined and consolidated financial statements as the payout of Keysight shares is dependent upon Agilent Total Shareholder Return ( TSR ) as compared to its peer companies at the end of fiscal 2015. The final payout resulted in reversal of   $4 million   of expense recorded for those awards. 

66 

     Table of Contents                

Share-based Payment Award Activity 
    
  Employee Stock Options 
  The following table summarizes employee stock option award activity made to our employees and directors for   2016  :   

Forfeited and expired options from total cancellations in 2016 were as follows: 

The options outstanding and exercisable for equity share-based payment awards at   October 31, 2016   were as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value, based on Keysight's closing stock price of   $32.80   at   October 31, 2016  , which would have been received by award holders had all award holders exercised their awards that were in-the-money as of that date. The total number of in-the-money awards exercisable at   October 31, 2016   was approximately   2 million  . 
  The following table summarizes the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised and the fair value of options granted in   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  : 

67 

     Table of Contents                

As of   October 31, 2016   the unrecognized share-based compensation costs for outstanding stock option awards, net of expected forfeitures, was approximately   $3 million  , which is expected to be amortized over a weighted average period of   1.7   years. See Note 6, "Income Taxes," for the tax impact on share-based award exercises. 
  Non-vested Awards 
  The following table summarizes non-vested award activity in   2016   primarily for our LTP Program and restricted stock unit awards: 

As of   October 31, 2016   the unrecognized share-based compensation cost for non-vested restricted stock awards, net of expected forfeitures, was approximately   $32 million  , which is expected to be amortized over a weighted average period of   2.1   years. The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested was   $33 million   for 2016,   $36 million   for 2015 and   $29 million   for 2014. 
   
  6.    INCOME TAXES 
  The domestic and foreign components of income before taxes are: 

The provision (benefit) for income taxes is comprised of: 

The income tax provision does not reflect potential future tax savings resulting from excess deductions associated with our various share-based award plans. 
  
   68 

     Table of Contents                

The significant components of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet are: 

The increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 for deferred tax assets primarily relates to increases in future pension liabilities and to net operating losses primarily in the Netherlands and credit carryforwards primarily in the US. This is offset by a decrease in the deferred tax asset for intangibles due to amortization and changes to the valuation allowance. Prior to October 31, 2016, we included a best estimate of the deferred tax liability for foreign unremitted earnings due to the Separation with Agilent as zero. As of October 31, 2016, we have concluded our ongoing discussions with Agilent regarding the allocation of certain deferred tax liability balances related to foreign unremitted earnings in accordance with the Separation agreements resulting in an immaterial deferred tax liability for foreign unremitted earnings due to the Separation. Excess foreign tax credits associated with unremitted earnings are not recorded as an asset as they do not represent a separate deferred tax asset until earnings are remitted. However, unremitted foreign taxes reduce deferred tax liabilities associated with outside basis differences related to the investment in a foreign subsidiary to the extent the credit reduces a deferred tax liability of the investment.  
  We record U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries' earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the U.S. As of October 31, 2016 we recognized a   $38 million   deferred tax liability for the overall residual tax expected to be imposed upon the repatriation of unremitted foreign earnings that are not considered permanently reinvested. As of   October 31, 2016   the cumulative amount of undistributed earnings considered permanently reinvested was   $1.3 billion  . No deferred tax liability has been recognized on the basis difference created by such earnings since it is our intention to utilize those earnings in the company s foreign operations. Because of the availability of U.S. foreign tax credits, the determination of the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these earnings is not practicable.    
  The breakdown between current and long-term deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities was as follows for the years   2016   and   2015  : 

In November 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes  , which requires deferred income tax liabilities and assets to be classified as non-current in a classified balance sheet, and eliminates the prior guidance which required an entity to separate deferred tax liabilities and assets into a current amount and a non-current amount in a classified balance sheet. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. Additionally, the new guidance may be applied either  
  
   69 

     Table of Contents                

prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance prospectively during the third quarter of 2016. Accordingly, the consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2016 reflects the new classification but the prior period amounts were not adjusted to conform to the new guidance, as evidenced in the above table. 
  Valuation allowances require an assessment of both positive and negative evidence when determining whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. Such assessment is required on a jurisdiction by jurisdiction basis.  
  The valuation allowance as of October 31, 2016 of   $38 million   is mainly related to deferred tax assets for capital losses in the U.K. and net operating losses in the Netherlands. The valuation allowance as of October 31, 2015 of   $46 million   is mainly related to deferred tax assets for capital losses in the U.K. We will maintain a valuation allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal. The decrease in valuation allowance from October 31, 2015 to October 31, 2016 includes a reduction in the valuation allowance due to a decrease in the U.K. tax rate applied to the capital loss deferred tax assets. 
    
  At October 31, 2016, we had U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards and California research credits of approximately   $27 million   and   $3 million  , respectively. The U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards begin to expire in   2025  , if not utilized. The California research credits can be carried forward indefinitely. The U.S. and state tax credit carryforwards are subject to change of ownership limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. At October 31, 2016, we also had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately   $2,057 million  . Of this foreign loss,   $78 million   will expire in years beginning 2022 through 2025 if not utilized. The remaining   $1,979 million   has an indefinite life. At October 31, 2016, we had foreign capital loss carryforwards of approximately   $140 million   with an indefinite life and   $2 million   of tax credits in foreign jurisdictions with an indefinite life. Some of the foreign losses are subject to annual loss limitation rules. These annual loss limitations in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions may result in the expiration or reduced utilization of the net operating losses. 
    
  The authoritative guidance prohibits recognition of a deferred tax asset for excess tax benefits related to stock and stock option plans that have not yet been realized through reduction in income taxes payable. Such unrecognized deferred tax benefit totals   $5 million   as of October 31, 2016 and will be accounted for as a credit to shareholders' equity, if and when realized, through a reduction in income taxes payable. We have recognized approximately $1 million as a debit to shareholders' equity for shortfalls related to stock and stock option plans that have been realized as of October 31, 2016. 
  The differences between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and our effective tax rate are: 

We benefit from tax incentives in several different jurisdictions, most significantly in Singapore, and several jurisdictions have granted tax incentives that require renewal at various times in the future. The tax incentives provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income in those jurisdictions. The tax incentives are due for renewal between 2024 and 2025. The impact of the tax incentives decreased income taxes by   $34 million  ,   $250 million   and   $40 million   in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. The benefit of the tax incentives on net income per share (diluted) was approximately   $0.20  ,   $1.46   and   $0.41   in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Of the   $1.46   benefit of the tax incentives on net income per share (diluted) in 2015,   $1.21   benefit relates to one- time items due to the retroactive granting of the Singapore tax incentives. 
    
  For 2016, the effective tax rate was   8 percent  , which is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to a higher percentage of earnings in the non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates. Also, the tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate  
  
   70 

     Table of Contents                

due to the net tax benefit of   $45 million   resulting from the repatriation of earnings from Japan, which includes a U.S. tax expense of $27 million offset by $72 million of foreign tax credits recorded in connection with the repatriation. 
    
  For 2015, the effective tax rate was a benefit of   32 percent  , which is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to the retroactive benefit of two tax incentives in Singapore approved during 2015. Also, the tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate due to a higher percentage of earnings in the non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates. 
    
  For 2014, the effective tax rate was   18 percent  .  The   18 percent   effective tax rate is lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to a higher percentage of earnings in non-U.S. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory tax rates; in particular Singapore, where we benefited from tax incentives for the first three quarters of 2014, which resulted in   $40 million   lower income tax expense. The 2014 rate was also favorably impacted by a   $55 million   benefit from a prior year reserve release, which was offset by   $62 million   tax expense as a result of the repatriation of foreign earnings. 
    
  The breakdown between current and long-term income tax assets and liabilities, excluding deferred tax assets and liabilities, was as follows for the years   2016   and   2015  : 
                               
    October 31, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    (in millions) 
      Current income tax assets (included within other current assets) 
    $ 
    29 

$ 
    27 
      
      Current income tax liabilities (included within income and other taxes payable) 
    (19 
    ) 
      
    (30 
    ) 
      Long-term income tax assets (included within other assets) 
    6 

7 
      
      Long-term income tax liabilities (included within other long-term liabilities) 
    (21 
    ) 
      
    (21 
    ) 
      Total 
    $ 
    (5 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (17 
    ) 

The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. Although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. In accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all U.S. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. The ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. If our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. If events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. 
  The aggregate changes in the balances of our unrecognized tax benefits including all federal, state and foreign tax jurisdictions are as follows: 

As of   October 31, 2016   we had $53 million of unrecognized tax benefits including interest and penalties which, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate. Under the terms of the tax matters agreement, the unrecognized tax benefits as of separation differed from the amount allocated using the separate return methodology, therefore, a   $113 million   reduction in the unrecognized tax benefits occurred between October 31, 2014 and October 31, 2015 upon separation. 
  We recognized a tax expense of   $1 million  ,   zero   and a tax expense of   $4 million   of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Interest and penalties accrued as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 were   $2 million    
  
   71 

     Table of Contents                

and   $1 million  , respectively. 
  For the majority of our entities, the open tax years for the IRS, state and most foreign audit authorities are from August 1,   2014   through the current tax year. For certain historical Agilent foreign entities that Keysight retained as part of the separation, the tax years generally remain open back to the year   2005  . For certain entities acquired during 2015, the tax years also remain open back to the year   2006  . Given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, we are unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits. 

7.    NET INCOME PER SHARE 
  The following is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented below. 

(a)    On November 1, 2014, Agilent Technologies, Inc. distributed   167 million   shares of Keysight common stock to existing holders of Agilent common stock. Basic and diluted net income per share for the year ended October 31, 2014 is calculated using the shares distributed on November 1, 2014. 
    
  The dilutive effect of share-based awards is reflected in diluted net income per share by application of the treasury stock method, which includes consideration of unamortized share-based compensation expense, the tax benefits recorded in additional paid-in capital and the dilutive effect of in-the-money options and non-vested restricted stock units. Under the treasury stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and unamortized share-based compensation expense and tax benefits collectively are assumed proceeds to be used to repurchase hypothetical shares. An increase in the fair market value of the company's common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive awards. 
    
  We exclude stock options with exercise prices greater than the average market price of our common stock from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive. For 2016 and 2015, options to purchase   1.7 million   shares and   zero   shares, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. In addition, we also exclude from the calculation of diluted earnings per share, stock options, ESPP, LTP Program and restricted stock awards, whose combined exercise price, unamortized fair value and excess tax benefits collectively were greater than the average market price of our common stock because their effect would also be anti-dilutive. For the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015, we excluded   26,200   shares and   46,300   shares from the calculation of diluted earnings per share. 

8.    SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
  Net cash paid for income taxes was   $23 million   in   2016  ,   $40 million   in   2015   and   $4 million   in   2014  . Cash paid for interest was   $44 million   in 2016,   $46 million   in 2015 and   zero   in 2014. The following table summarizes our non-cash investing activities which are not reflected in the combined and consolidated statement of cash flows: 

72 

Table of Contents                

9.    INVENTORY 

Inventory-related excess and obsolescence charges of   $17 million   were recorded in total cost of products in   2016  ,   $28 million   in   2015   and   $33 million   in   2014  . We record excess and obsolete inventory charges for both inventory on our site as well as inventory at our contract manufacturers and suppliers where we have non-cancellable purchase commitments. 
   
  10.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Asset impairments were   zero   in 2016, 2015 and 2014. Depreciation expense was   $85 million   in   2016  ,   $81 million   in   2015   and   $74 million   in   2014  . 
   
  11.   GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
  The goodwill balances as of   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   and the movements in   2016   and   2015   for each of our reportable segments were as follows: 

73 

     Table of Contents                

The component parts of other intangible assets as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 

In 2016, we recorded additions to goodwill and other intangible assets of   $14 million   and   $9 million  , respectively, due to an acquisition in 2016 and the revision to the preliminary purchase price allocation of the Anite acquisition. We recorded   $4 million   of foreign exchange translation impact to other intangible assets in 2016. 
  In 2015, we recorded additions to goodwill of   $327 million   related to two businesses including the Anite acquisition discussed in Note 3, "Acquisition of Anite." During the year, we also recorded   $246 million   of additions to other intangibles related to the same acquisitions. We recorded   $3 million   of foreign exchange translation impact to other intangibles in 2015. 
  Amortization of other intangible assets was   $43 million   in 2016,   $15 million   in 2015, and   $8 million   in 2014. Future amortization expense related to existing finite-lived purchased intangible assets is estimated to be   $41 million   in 2017,   $38 million   in 2018,   $37 million   in 2019,   $37 million   in 2020,   $29 million   in 2021, and   $14 million   thereafter. 
   
  12.   INVESTMENTS 
  Equity Investments 
  Equity investments as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   (net book value) were as follows: 

Cost method investments consist of non-marketable equity securities and are accounted for at historical cost. Trading securities are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings. Investments designated as available-for-sale are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
  Investments in available-for-sale securities at estimated fair value were as follows: 

74 

     Table of Contents                

All of our investments, excluding trading securities, are subject to periodic impairment review. The impairment analysis     requires significant judgment to identify events or circumstances that would likely have a significant adverse effect on the future value of the investment. We consider various factors in determining whether an impairment is other-than-temporary, including the severity and duration of the impairment, forecasted recovery, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, and our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value.   In 2016, cost method investments with a carrying amount of   $2 million   were written down to their fair value of   zero  , resulting in an impairment charge of   $2 million  , which is included in other income (expense). In 2015, cost method investments with a carrying amount of   $4 million   were written down to their fair value of   zero  , resulting in an impairment charge of   $4 million  , which is included in other income (expense). There was no impairment recognized in 2014. 
  There were no realized gains or losses on the sale of available-for-sale or cost method securities in 2016, 2015 and 2014. Net unrealized gains and losses on our trading securities portfolio were   zero   million in   2016  ,   $1 million   of unrealized gains in   2015   and   $1 million   of unrealized gains in   2014  .  
   
  13.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
  The authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market and assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. 
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
  The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into three levels. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 
  Level 1     applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
  Level 2     applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for the asset or liability such as: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in less active markets; or other inputs that can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 
  Level 3     applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 
  
   75 

     Table of Contents                

Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis  
  Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015 were as follows:   

  Our money market funds, trading securities, and available-for-sale investments are generally valued using quoted market prices and therefore are classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Our derivative financial instruments are classified within Level 2, as there is not an active market for each hedge contract, but the inputs used to calculate the value of the instruments are tied to active markets. Our deferred compensation liability is classified as Level 2 because although the values are not directly based on quoted market prices, the inputs used in the calculations are observable. 
  Trading securities and deferred compensation liability are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings. Investments designated as available-for-sale and certain derivative instruments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Realized gains and losses from the sale of these instruments are recorded in earnings. 
   
  14.   DERIVATIVES 
  We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and interest rate changes in the normal course of our business. As part of risk management strategy, we use derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts and purchased options to hedge economic and/or accounting exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
  Cash Flow Hedges 
  We enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge our forecasted operational cash flow exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities between one and twelve months. These derivative instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges under the criteria prescribed in the authoritative guidance. The changes in the value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts associated with cash flow hedges are reclassified to cost of sales in the combined and consolidated statement of operations when the forecasted transaction occurs. If it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur, the hedge relationship will be de-designated and amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income will be reclassified to other income (expense) in the current period. Changes in the fair value of the ineffective portion of derivative instruments are recognized in earnings in the combined and consolidated statement of operations in the current period. We record the premium paid (time value) of an option on the date of purchase as an asset. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in other income (expense) over the life of the option contract. The ineffectiveness for the years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 was   not significant  .  
  
   76 

     Table of Contents                

Other Hedges 
  Additionally, we enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. These foreign exchange contracts are carried at fair value and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and are not designated as hedging instruments. Changes in value of the derivative are recognized in other income (expense) in the combined and consolidated statement of operations, in the current period, along with the offsetting foreign currency gain or loss on the underlying assets or liabilities. 
  In connection with the acquisition of Anite, which closed on August 13, 2015 (see Note 3, "Acquisition of Anite"), Keysight entered into foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the currency exchange risk associated with the payment of the purchase price in British Pound currency. The aggregate notional amount of the currencies hedged was $608 million. These foreign exchange contracts did not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and were not designated as hedging instruments. The resulting loss on settlement, on the date of acquisition, was $2 million and was recorded in other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2015. 
  Our use of derivative instruments exposes us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We do, however, seek to mitigate such risks by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions which are selected based on their credit ratings and other factors. We have established policies and procedures for mitigating credit risk that include establishing counterparty credit limits, monitoring credit exposures, and continually assessing the creditworthiness of counterparties. 
    
  A number of our derivative agreements contain threshold limits to the net liability position with counterparties and are dependent on our corporate credit rating determined by the major credit rating agencies. The counterparties to the derivative instruments may request collateralization, in accordance with derivative agreements, on derivative instruments in net liability positions. 
    
  The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position as of   October 31, 2016   was   $5 million  . The credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had not been triggered as of   October 31, 2016  . 
    
  There were   139   foreign exchange forward contracts open as of October 31, 2016 and designated as cash flow hedges. There were   59   foreign exchange forward contracts and   zero   foreign exchange option contract open as of October 31, 2016 not designated as hedging instruments. The aggregated notional amounts by currency and designation as of October 31, 2016 were as follows: 

Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationships 
      
    Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 

Forward 
  Contracts 
      
    Forward 
  Contracts 
      Currency 
      
    Buy/(Sell) 
      
    Buy/(Sell) 

(in millions) 
      Euro 
      
    $ 

$ 
    79 
      
      British Pound 

20 
      
      Singapore Dollar 
      
    11 

Malaysian Ringgit 
      
    73 

(6 
    ) 
      Japanese Yen 
      
    (80 
    ) 
      
    (35 
    ) 
      Other currencies 
      
    (19 
    ) 
      
    19 

$ 
    (15 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    77 

77 

     Table of Contents                

Derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and are disclosed gross in the balance sheet. The gross fair values and balance sheet location of derivative instruments held in the consolidated balance sheet as of   October 31, 2016   and   2015   were as follows: 
                                                   Fair Values of Derivative Instruments 
      Asset Derivatives 
      
    Liability Derivatives 

Fair Value 

Fair Value 
      Balance Sheet Location 
      
    October 31,  2016 
      
    October 31,  2015 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    October 31,  2016 
      
    October 31,  2015 
      (in millions) 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Cash flow hedges 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other current assets 
      
    $ 
    2 

$ 

Other accrued liabilities 
      
    $ 
    4 

$ 
    8 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Other current assets 
      
    2 

1 

Other accrued liabilities 
      
    4 

2 
      
      Total derivatives 
      
    $ 
    4 

$ 
    1 

$ 
    8 

$ 
    10 

The effect of derivative instruments for foreign exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments and not designated as hedging instruments in our combined and consolidated statement of operations was as follows: 
                                       
    2016 
      
    2015 
      
    2014 
        
    (in millions) 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Cash flow hedges 

Gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income 
    $ 
    (7 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (15 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    5 
      
      Gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into cost of sales 
    $ 
    (12 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense) 
    $ 
    (10 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (7 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    3 

The estimated net amount of existing loss at   October 31, 2016   that is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to cost of sales within the next twelve months is   $4 million  . 

15.  RESTRUCTURING  
  We initiated a targeted workforce reduction program in   July 2015   that was designed to restructure our operations and cost structure for optimization of resources and cost savings. Approximately   100   employees of our total workforce were impacted by this program. In 2015, we also announced a voluntary pre-retirement notification program for retirement-eligible employees to provide early notice of their planned retirement in return for severance benefits. Approximately   160   employees of our total workforce opted for this program. Severance payments under both programs were complete at   October 31, 2016  .  
  A summary of balances and restructuring activity is shown in the table below:   

78 

     Table of Contents                

A summary of the charges in the consolidated statement of operations resulting from all restructuring plans is shown below: 

16.   RETIREMENT PLANS AND POST-RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS 
  General.    Prior to the Capitalization, substantially all of our employees were covered under various defined benefit and/or defined contribution retirement plans sponsored by Agilent. All defined benefit retirement plans and the post-retirement health care plan were considered multi-employer plans. As a result, no asset or liability was recorded by us to recognize the funded status in our consolidated balance sheet until the Capitalization. At the Capitalization, the assets and liabilities of these plans that were allocable to Keysight employees were transferred to Keysight plans. Plan assets of $  2,037   million, benefit obligations of $  2,157   million and $  344   million of accumulated other comprehensive loss ($  270   million, net of tax) were recorded for the plans transferred to us. In 2015, additional plan assets of   $9 million   that were allocable to Keysight employees were transferred to Keysight plans by Agilent. 
  Substantially all of our employees are covered under various defined benefit and/or defined contribution retirement plans. Additionally, we sponsor post-retirement health care benefits for our eligible U.S. employees. We provide U.S. employees, who meet eligibility criteria under the Keysight Technologies, Inc. Retirement Plan ("RP"), defined benefits which are based on an employee's base or target pay during the years of employment and on length of service. For eligible service through October 31, 1993, the benefit payable under the RP is reduced by any amounts due to the eligible employee under our defined contribution Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan ("DPSP"), which was closed to new participants as of November 1993. 
  In addition, in the U.S. we maintain the Supplemental Benefits Retirement Plan ("SBRP"), a supplemental unfunded non-qualified defined benefit plan to provide benefits that would be provided under the RP but for limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. The RP and the SBRP comprise the "U.S. Plans." 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , the fair value of plan assets of the DPSP for U.S. employees was   $280 million  . The projected benefit obligation for the DPSP equals the fair value of plan assets. 
  Eligible employees outside the U.S. generally receive retirement benefits under various retirement plans ("Non-U.S. Plans") based upon factors such as years of service and/or employee compensation levels. Eligibility is generally determined in accordance with local statutory requirements. 
  401(k) defined contribution plan  .    Eligible U.S. employees may participate in the Keysight Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the "401(k) Plan"). Enrollment in the 401(k) Plan is automatic for employees who meet eligibility requirements unless they decline participation. Under the 401(k) Plan, we provide matching contributions to employees up to a maximum of   4 percent   of an employee's annual eligible compensation. The maximum contribution to the 401(k) Plan is   50 percent   of an employee's annual eligible compensation, subject to regulatory limitations. The 401(k) Plan employer expense included in income from operations was   $14 million   in 2016,   $14 million   in 2015 and   $12 million   in 2014, including allocated costs and contributions made from Agilent of   $9 million  .  
  Employees hired on or after August 1, 2015 are not eligible to participate in the RP or the U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan. We provide matching contributions to these employees under the 401(k) Plan up to a maximum of   6 percent   of the employee's annual eligible compensation. 
  Post-retirement medical benefit plans.      In addition to receiving retirement benefits, U.S. employees who meet eligibility requirements as of their termination date may participate in the Keysight Technologies, Inc. Health Plan for Retirees ("U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan"). Eligible retirees who were less than age   50   as of January 1, 2005 and who retire after age   55   with   15   or more years of service (age   54   with   14   or more years of service for workforce managed terminations) are eligible for a fixed amount which can be utilized to pay for premiums under a Keysight sponsored pre-Medicare medical plan, non-Keysight sponsored medical, dental and vision plans purchased in the individual insurance market, as well as Medicare Part A, Medicare Part B, prescription drug premiums, and eligible premiums paid for coverage under another employer's retiree medical, retiree vision and retiree dental plan provided such premiums were not paid on a pre-tax basis. Eligible retirees who were at least age   50   as of  
  
   79 

     Table of Contents                

January 1, 2005 and who retire after age   55   with   15   or more years of service (age   54   with   14   or more years of service for workforce managed terminations) currently choose from managed-care or indemnity options, with the company subsidization level or stipend dependent on a number of factors including eligibility and length of service. Grandfathered retirees receive a fixed monthly subsidy toward pre-  65   premium costs (subsidy capped at 2011 levels) and a fixed monthly stipend post-  65  . The subsidy amounts will not increase. 
  Components of net periodic benefit cost.      The company uses alternate methods of amortization, as allowed by the authoritative guidance, which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. For the U.S. Plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. For most Non-U.S. Plans and the U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses.  
  For the years ended   October 31, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , components of net periodic benefit cost (benefit) and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive income were comprised of:   

80 

     Table of Contents                

Funded status.      As of   October 31, 2016   and   2015  , the funded status of the defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans was as follows: 

The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income expected to be amortized into net periodic benefit cost (benefit) during 2017 are as follows: 
                                       
    U.S. Defined 
  Benefit Plans 
      
    Non-U.S. Defined 
  Benefit Plans 
      
    U.S. Post-Retirement 
  Benefit Plan 
        
    (in millions) 
      Amortization of net prior service credit 
    $ 
    (7 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (16 
    ) 
      Amortization of actuarial net loss 
    $ 
    14 

$ 
    39 

$ 
    22 

Investment policies and strategies as of   October 31, 2016  .    In the U.S., our RP and U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan target asset allocations are approximately   70 percent   to equities and approximately   30 percent   to fixed income investments. Our DPSP target asset allocation is approximately   60 percent   to equities and approximately   40 percent   to fixed income investments. The general investment objective for all our plan assets is to obtain the optimum rate of investment return on the total investment portfolio consistent with the assumption of a reasonable level of risk. Specific investment objectives for the plans' portfolios are to: maintain and enhance the purchasing power of the plans' assets; achieve investment returns consistent with the level of risk being taken; and earn performance rates of return in accordance with the benchmarks adopted for each asset class. Outside of the U.S., our target asset allocation is from   37   to   60   percent to equities, from   40   to   60   percent to fixed income investments, from   zero   to   20 percent   to real estate investments and from   zero   to   14 percent   to cash, depending on the plan. All plans' assets are broadly diversified. Due to fluctuations in capital markets, our actual allocations of plan assets as of   October 31, 2016  , differ from the target allocation. Our policy is to periodically bring the actual allocation in line with the target allocation. 
  
   81 

     Table of Contents                

Equity securities include exchange-traded common stock and preferred stock of companies from broadly diversified industries. Fixed income securities include a portfolio of corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, derivative instruments and other. Portions of the cash and cash equivalent, equity, and fixed income investments are held in commingled funds. 
  Fair Value  .    The measurement of the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets uses the valuation methodologies and the inputs as described in Note 13, "Fair Value Measurements." 
  Cash and Cash Equivalents - Cash and cash equivalents consist of short-term investment funds. The funds also invest in short-term domestic fixed income securities and other securities with debt-like characteristics emphasizing short-term maturities and quality. Cash and cash equivalents are classified as Level 1 investments except when the cash and cash equivalents are held in commingled funds, which have a daily net asset values derived from quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets; these are classified as Level 2 investments. 
  Equity - Some equity securities consisting of common and preferred stock are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from quoted prices for the underlying securities in active markets; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Commingled funds which have quoted prices in active markets are classified as Level 1 investments. 
  Fixed Income - Some of the fixed income securities are held in commingled funds, which have daily net asset values derived from the underlying securities; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Commingled funds which have quoted prices in active markets are classified as Level 1 investments. 
  Other Investments - Other investments include property-based pooled vehicles which invest in real estate. Market net asset values are regularly published in the financial press or on corporate websites and so these investments are classified as Level 2 and 3.  
  The following table presents the fair value of U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015: 

For U.S. Defined Benefit Plans, there was no activity relating to assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during 2016 and 2015. 

82 

     Table of Contents                

The following table presents the fair value of U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015: 

For U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan, there was no activity relating to assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) during   2016   and 2015. 
    
  The following table presents the fair value of Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015: 

83 

     Table of Contents                

For Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), the following table summarizes the change in balances during   2016   and 2015: 
                               
    Year Ended 
        
    October 31, 
        
    2016 
      
    2015 
        
    (in millions) 
      Balance, beginning of year 
    $ 

$ 
    17 
      
      Realized gains 

Unrealized gains/(losses) 

Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements 
    3 

(17 
    ) 
      Transfers in (out) 

Balance, end of year 
    $ 
    3 

$ 

The table below presents the combined projected benefit obligation ("PBO"), accumulated benefit obligation ("ABO") and fair value of plan assets, grouping plans using comparisons of the PBO and ABO relative to the plan assets as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015: 

84 

     Table of Contents                

Contributions and estimated future benefit payments  .    During 2017, we do not expect to contribute to the U.S. Defined Benefit Plans or the U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan, and expect to contribute   $32 million   to the Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans. The following table presents expected future benefit payments for the next   10 years  . 

Assumptions  .    The assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations and expense for our defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans are presented in the tables below. The expected long-term return on assets below represents an estimate of long-term returns on investment portfolios consisting of a mixture of equities, fixed income and other investments in proportion to the asset allocations of each of our plans. We consider long-term rates of return, which are weighted based on the asset classes (both historical and forecasted) in which we expect our pension and post-retirement funds to be invested. Discount rates reflect the current rate at which pension and post-retirement obligations could be settled based on the measurement dates of the plans - October 31. The U.S. discount rates as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 were determined based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. The Non-U.S. discount rates as of   October 31, 2016   and 2015 were determined using spot rates along the yield curve to calculate disaggregated discount rates. In addition, we used this method to calculate two components of the periodic benefit cost: service cost and interest cost. The range of assumptions that were used for the Non-U.S. defined benefit plans reflects the different economic environments within various countries. 
  
   85 

     Table of Contents                

Assumptions used to calculate the net periodic benefit cost for the year ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Assumptions used to calculate the benefit obligation as of October 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

Health care trend rates do not have a significant effect on the total service and interest cost components or on the post-retirement benefit obligation amounts reported for the U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plan for the years ended   October 31, 2016   and 2015. 
  
   86 

Table of Contents                

17.  GUARANTEES 
  Standard Warranty 
  Our standard warranty term for most of our products from the date of delivery is typically three years.   We accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in warranty charges. The accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost estimates. Estimated warranty charges are recorded within cost of products at the time related product revenue is recognized. 
  Activity related to the standard warranty accrual, which is included in other accrued and other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet, is as follows: 

During the year ended October 31, 2016, we reduced the standard warranty accrual by $5 million as a result of lower than expected historical warranty charges. This benefit was recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended October 31, 2016.    
  Indemnifications to Agilent 
  In connection with our separation from Agilent, we agreed to indemnify Agilent against certain damages and expenses that it might incur in the future. These indemnifications primarily cover damages relating to liabilities of the electronic measurement business of Agilent which was contributed to Keysight. Additionally, if the distribution of Keysight common stock to the Agilent shareholders were determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Agilent and its shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. If such determination is the result of our taking or failing to take certain actions, then under the tax matters agreement with Agilent, we are generally required to indemnify Agilent against such tax liabilities. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, we may also be required to indemnify Agilent for other contingent tax liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our financial position. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Indemnifications to Avago 
  In connection with the sale of Agilent's semiconductor products business in December 2005, Agilent agreed to indemnify Avago, its affiliates and other related parties against certain damages and expenses that it might incur in the future. The continuing indemnifications primarily cover damages and expenses relating to liabilities of the businesses that Agilent retained and did not transfer to Avago, as well as pre-closing taxes and other specified items. In connection with our separation from Agilent, we have agreed to indemnify Agilent in connection with the indemnification obligations of Agilent with respect to Avago. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Indemnifications to Verigy 
  In connection with the spin-off of Verigy, Agilent agreed to indemnify Verigy and its affiliates against certain damages which it might incur in the future. These indemnifications primarily cover damages relating to liabilities of the businesses that Agilent did not transfer to Verigy, liabilities that might arise under limited portions of Verigy's IPO materials that relate to Agilent, and costs and expenses incurred by Agilent or Verigy to effect the IPO, arising out of the distribution of Agilent's remaining holding in Verigy ordinary shares to Agilent's stockholders, or incurred to effect the separation of the semiconductor test solutions business from Agilent to the extent incurred prior to the separation on June 1, 2006. On July 4, 2011, Verigy announced the completion by Advantest Corporation of its acquisition of Verigy. Verigy operates as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Advantest and Agilent's indemnification obligations to Verigy should be unaffected. In connection with our separation from Agilent, we have agreed to  
  
   87 

     Table of Contents                

indemnify Agilent in connection with the indemnification obligations of Agilent with respect to Verigy. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Indemnifications to HP Inc. 
  Agilent has given multiple indemnities to HP Inc. ("HP") in connection with Agilent's activities prior to its spin-off from HP for the businesses that constituted Agilent prior to the spin-off. These indemnifications cover a variety of aspects of Agilent's business, including, but not limited to, employee, tax, intellectual property and environmental matters. The agreements containing these indemnifications have been previously disclosed as exhibits to Agilent's registration statement on Form S-1 filed on August 16, 1999. As part of our separation from Agilent, we have agreed to assume these indemnification obligations of Agilent relating to the electronic measurement business with respect to HP. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  Indemnifications to Officers and Directors 
  Our corporate by-laws require that we indemnify our officers and directors, as well as those who act as directors and officers of other entities at our request, against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceedings arising out of their services to Keysight and such other entities, including service with respect to employee benefit plans. In addition, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each director and each board-appointed officer of Keysight which provide for indemnification of these directors and officers under similar circumstances and under additional circumstances. The indemnification obligations are more fully described in the by-laws and the indemnification agreements. We purchase standard insurance to cover claims or a portion of the claims made against our directors and officers. Since a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated in our by-laws or in our indemnification agreements and will depend on the facts and circumstances that arise out of any future claims, the overall maximum amount of the obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, we have not made payments related to these obligations, and the fair value for these indemnification obligations was not material as of   October 31, 2016  .  
  Other Indemnifications 
  As is customary in our industry and as provided for in local law in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, many of our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers and others with whom we enter into contracts, such as defense, settlement, or payment of judgment for intellectual property claims related to the use of our products. From time to time, we indemnify customers, as well as our suppliers, contractors, lessors, lessees, companies that purchase our businesses or assets and others with whom we enter into contracts, against combinations of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events related to the sale and the use of our products and services, the use of their goods and services, the use of facilities and state of our owned facilities, the state of the assets and businesses that we sell and other matters covered by such contracts, usually up to a specified maximum amount. In addition, from time to time we also provide protection to these parties against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liability or environmental obligations. In our experience, claims made under such indemnifications are rare and the associated estimated fair value of the liability was not material as of   October 31, 2016  . 
  In connection with the previous sales of several of Agilent s businesses, Agilent agreed to indemnify the buyers of such businesses, their respective affiliates and other related parties against certain damages that they might incur in the future. The continuing indemnifications primarily cover damages relating to liabilities of the businesses that Agilent retained and did not transfer to the buyers, as well as other specified items. In connection with our separation from Agilent, we agreed to assume the indemnification obligations of Agilent to the extent that the retained businesses were part of the electronic measurement business. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of October 31, 2016. 
   
  18.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  Operating Lease Commitments:     We lease certain real and personal property from unrelated third parties under non-cancellable operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases as of October 31, 2016 were   $32 million   in 2017,   $29 million   in 2018,   $21 million   in 2019,   $13 million   in 2020,   $11 million   in 2021 and   $28 million   thereafter. Future minimum sublease income under leases as of October 31, 2016 was   $1 million   in 2017,   $1 million   in 2018,   $2 million   in 2019,   $1 million   in 2020,   $1 million   in 2021 and   none   thereafter. Certain leases require us to pay property taxes, insurance and routine maintenance, and include escalation clauses. Total rent expense was   $45 million   in 2016,   $43 million   in 2015 and   $38 million   in 2014.  
  Capital Lease Commitments:     We had capital lease obligations of   $1 million   and   zero   million as of October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively. The current portion of the total obligation is included in other accrued liabilities and the remaining long-term portion is included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. Assets held under capital leases are included in net property, plant, and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. 
  
   88 

     Table of Contents                

Contingencies:     We are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including, but not limited to, patent, commercial and environmental matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we currently believe are reasonably possible of having a material impact to our business, combined and consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
   
  19.   DEBT 
  Short-Term Debt 
  On   September 15, 2014  , we entered into a   five   year credit agreement, which provides for a   $300 million   unsecured credit facility that will expire on   November 1, 2019  . On   July 21, 2015  , the total amount available under the credit facility was increased to   $450 million  . The company may use amounts borrowed under the facility for general corporate purposes. As of October 31, 2016, we had   no   borrowings outstanding under the credit facility.   We were in compliance with the covenants of the credit facility during the year ended October 31, 2016.    
  As a result of the Anite acquisition, we had an overdraft facility of    25 million   that expired on   July 31, 2016  , but by mutual agreement this facility continued to be available while a replacement short-term facility was negotiated. On   September 8, 2016  , we entered into a replacement overdraft facility of    20 million   that expired on   October 31, 2016  . As of October 31, 2016, we had   no   borrowings outstanding under the facility. We were in compliance with the covenants of the facilities during the year ended October 31, 2016. 
  Long-Term Debt 
  The components of our long-term debt were as follows: 

2019 Senior Notes 
    
  In   October 2014  , the company issued an aggregate principal amount of   $500 million   in senior notes ("2019 senior notes"). The 2019 senior notes were issued at   99.902   percent of their principal amount. The notes will mature on   October 30, 2019  , and bear interest at a fixed rate of   3.30   percent per annum.   The interest is payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year.    
  2024 Senior Notes 
  In   October 2014  , the company issued an aggregate principal amount of   $600 million   in senior notes ("2024 senior notes"). The 2024 senior notes were issued at   99.966   percent of their principal amount. The notes will mature on   October 30, 2024  , and bear interest at a fixed rate of   4.55   percent per annum.   The interest is payable semi-annually on April 30 and October 30 of each year.    
  The notes issued are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness. The company incurred issuance costs of   $10 million   in connection with the 2019 and 2024 senior notes and credit facility. These costs are included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet and are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the senior notes and credit facility. 
  As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, the company had   $18 million   and   $19 million  , respectively, of outstanding letters of credit unrelated to the credit facility that were issued by various lenders. 
  
   89 

Table of Contents                

20.   STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
  Accumulated other comprehensive income 
  The following table summarizes the components of our accumulated other comprehensive loss as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, net of tax effect: 

Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income by component and related tax effects for the years ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

90 

     Table of Contents                

Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss for the twelve months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 
                                   Details about accumulated other comprehensive loss components 
      
    Amounts Reclassified from other comprehensive loss 
      
    Affected line item in statement of operations 

Year Ended October 31, 

2016 
      
    2015 

(in millions) 

Unrealized loss on derivatives 
      
    $ 
    (12 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    Cost of products 

4 

Provision for income tax 

(8 
    ) 
      
    (1 
    ) 
      
    Net of Income Tax 

Net defined benefit pension cost and post retirement plan costs: 

Actuarial net loss 
      
    (56 
    ) 
      
    (43 
    ) 

Prior service benefit 
      
    25 

29 

(31 
    ) 
      
    (14 
    ) 
      
    Total before income tax 

8 

5 

Provision for income tax 

(23 
    ) 
      
    (9 
    ) 
      
    Net of income tax 

Total reclassifications for the period 
      
    $ 
    (31 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (10 
    ) 

An amount in parentheses indicates a reduction to income and an increase to the accumulated other comprehensive income. 
    
  Reclassifications of prior service benefit and actuarial net loss in respect of retirement plans and post retirement pension plans are included in the computation of net periodic cost (see Note 16, "Retirement Plans and Post Retirement Pension Plans"). 

21.   SEGMENT INFORMATION 
  We provide electronic design and test instruments and systems and related software, software design tools, and related services that are used in the design, development, manufacture, installation, deployment and operation of electronics equipment. Related services include start-up assistance, instrument productivity and application services and instrument calibration and repair. We also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product lifecycle. 
  In fiscal year 2016, we completed an organizational change to align our organization with the industries we serve. As a result of this organizational realignment, we now have   three   reportable operating segments, Communications Solutions Group ( CSG ), Electronic Industrial Solutions Group ( EISG ), and Services Solutions Group ( SSG ). CSG and EISG are from our previous Measurement Solutions segment, while SSG was formerly reported as the company's Customer Support and Services segment. The new organizational structure continues to include centralized enterprise functions that provide support across the groups. Prior period amounts were revised to conform to the current presentation. 
  Our three operating segments were determined based primarily on how the chief operating decision maker views and evaluates our operations. Segment operating results are regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to each segment and to assess performance. Other factors, including market separation and customer specific applications, go-to-market channels, products and services and manufacturing are considered in determining the formation of these operating segments.    
  Descriptions of our   three   reportable segments are as follows: 
  The Communications Solutions Group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications end market, which includes internet infrastructure, and the aerospace, defense and government end market. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment. 
  The Electronic Industrial Solutions Group provides test and measurement solutions across a broad set of electronic industrial end markets, focusing on high-growth applications in the automotive and energy industry and measurement solutions for semiconductor design and manufacturing, consumer electronics, education and general electronics manufacturing. The group provides electronic design and test software, instruments, and systems used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment. 
  The Services Solutions Group provides repair, calibration and consulting services, and remarkets used Keysight equipment. In addition to providing repair and calibration support for Keysight equipment, we also calibrate non-Keysight equipment. The group serves the same markets as Keysight s Communications Solutions and Electronic Industrial Solutions Groups, providing  
  
   91 

     Table of Contents                

industry-specific services to deliver complete Keysight solutions and help customers reduce their total cost of ownership for their design and test equipment. 
  A significant portion of the segments' expenses arise from shared services and infrastructure that we have historically provided to the segments in order to realize economies of scale and to efficiently use resources. These expenses, collectively called corporate charges, include costs of centralized research and development, legal, accounting, real estate, insurance services, information technology services, treasury and other corporate infrastructure expenses. Charges are allocated to the segments, and the allocations have been determined on a basis that we consider to be a reasonable reflection of the utilization of services provided to or benefits received by the segments. 
  The following tables reflect the results of our reportable segments under our management reporting system. These results are not necessarily in conformity with GAAP. The performance of each segment is measured based on several metrics, including income from operations. These results are used, in part, by the chief operating decision maker in evaluating the performance of, and in allocating resources to, each of the segments. 
  The profitability of each of the segments is measured after excluding share-based compensation expense, restructuring and asset impairment charges, investment gains and losses, interest income, interest expense, acquisition and integration costs, separation and related costs, acquisition related fair value adjustments, non-cash amortization and other items as noted in the reconciliations below. 

92 

     Table of Contents                

The following table reconciles reportable segments' income from operations to our total enterprise income before taxes: 

Major customers.      No customer represented 10 percent or more of our total net revenue in   2016  ,   2015   or   2014  . 
  The following table presents assets and capital expenditures directly managed by each segment. Unallocated assets primarily consist of cash, cash equivalents, investments, long-term and other receivables and other assets. 

The following table reconciles segment assets to our total assets: 

The other category primarily includes pension assets and also represents the difference between how segments report deferred taxes and intangible assets at the initial purchased amount. 
  
   93 

     Table of Contents                

The following table presents summarized information for net revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region. Revenues from external customers are generally attributed to countries based upon the location of the Keysight sales representative. Long lived assets consist of property, plant, and equipment, long-term receivables and other long-term assets excluding intangible assets. The rest of the world primarily consists of rest of Asia and Europe. 

94 

     Table of Contents                

QUARTERLY SUMMARY 
  (Unaudited) 

(a)    For the three months ended January 31, 2015 and April 30, 2015, $6 million and $5 million, respectively, was reclassified from other income (expense) to other operating expense (income) in the condensed combined and consolidated statement of operations. 

95 

Table of Contents                

Item 9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
  None. 
   
  Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2016, pursuant to and as required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of October 31, 2016, the company's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined by Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective and designed to ensure that(i) information required to be disclosed in the company's reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and (ii) information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
    
  Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
    
  Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the results of this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2016.  
    
  The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B.      Other Information 
  None. 
   
  PART III 
   
  Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
  Information regarding our directors will appear under  Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors  in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders ( Proxy Statement ). That portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report. Information regarding our executive officers appears in Item 1 of this report under  Executive Officers of the Registrant.  Information regarding our Audit and Finance Committee and our Audit and Finance Committee's financial expert appears under  Audit and Finance Committee Report  and  Board Structure and Compensation  in our Proxy Statement. That portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report. 
  There were no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. Information regarding our code of ethics (the company's Standards of Business Conduct) applicable to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, our controller and other senior financial officers appears in Item 1 of this report under  Investor Information.  We will post amendments to or waivers from a provision of the Standards of Business Conduct with respect to those persons on our website at www.investor.keysight.com. 
  In order for a stockholder proposal to be considered for inclusion in Keysight s proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, the written proposal must be received by Keysight no later than December 18, 2016 and should contain such information as is required under Keysight s Bylaws. Such proposals will need to comply with the SEC s regulations regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in Keysight sponsored proxy materials. 
  
   96 

     Table of Contents                

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 
  Information about compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act appears under  Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in the Proxy Statement. That portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report. 
   
  Item 11.      Executive Compensation 
  Information about compensation of our named executive officers appears under  Executive Compensation ,  Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation  in the Proxy Statement. Information about compensation of our directors appears under  Director Compensation  and  Compensation Committee Report  and  Stock Ownership Guidelines  in the Proxy Statement. Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this report. 
   
  Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
  Information about security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management appears under "Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" in the Proxy Statement. That portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report. 
  EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
  The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of October 31, 2016. All outstanding awards relate to our common stock. 
    
                                 Plan Category 
    Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 

Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 
      
    (b) 
      
    (c) 
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1)(2)(3) 
    6,331,746 

$ 
    25 

30,306,620 
      
      Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

$ 

Total 
    6,331,746 

$ 
    25 

30,306,620 

(1) 
    The number of securities remaining available for future issuance in column (c) includes 23,272,600 shares of common stock authorized and available for issuance under the Keysight Technologies, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("423(b) Plan"). The number of shares authorized for issuance under the 423(b) Plan is subject to an automatic annual increase of the lesser of one percent of the outstanding common stock of Keysight or an amount determined by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors. Under the terms of the 423(b) Plan, in no event shall the aggregate number of shares issued under the Plan exceed 75 million shares. The number of securities remaining available for future issuance in column (c) is before the issuance of shares of common stock to participants in consideration of the aggregate participant contribution under 423(b) plan totaling $16 million as of October 31, 2016. 
       
           (2) 
    We issue securities under our equity compensation plans in forms other than options, warrants or rights. Those are issued under the 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan which was originally adopted by the Board on July 16, 2014, subsequently amended and restated by the Board on September 29, 2014 and January 22, 2015 and became effective as of November 1, 2014 (the  Effective Date ). The 2014 Plan provides for the grant of awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units with performance-based conditions to vesting or exercisability, and cash awards. The 2014 Plan has a term of ten years. 
       
           (3)  
    We issue securities under our equity compensation plans in forms which do not require a payment by the recipient to us at the time of exercise or vesting, including restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units. Accordingly, the weighted-average exercise price in column (b) does not take these awards into account. 

97 

Table of Contents                

Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
  Information about certain relationships and related transactions appears under "Related Person Transaction Policy and Procedures" in the Proxy Statement. Information about director independence appears under the heading "Board Structure and Compensation   Director Independence" in the Proxy Statement. Each of those portions of the Proxy Statement is incorporated by reference into this report. 
   
  Item 14.      Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
  Information about principal accountant fees and services as well as related pre-approval policies appears under "Fees Paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers" and "Policy on Audit and Finance Committee Preapproval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Auditors" in the Proxy Statement. Those portions of the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into this report. 
   
  PART IV 
   
  Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
           (a) 
    The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
              1. 
    Financial Statements. 
     See Index to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 of this report. 
           2. 
    Financial Statement Schedule. 
     The following additional financial statement schedule should be considered in conjunction with our combined and consolidated financial statements. All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is either not applicable or not sufficiently material to require submission of the schedule. 
    
  SCHEDULE II 
    
  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

* Additions include current year additions charged to expenses and current year build due to increases in net deferred tax      assets, return to provision true-ups, other adjustments and Other Comprehensive Income ("OCI") impact to deferred taxes. 
    
  ** Deductions include current year releases credited to expenses and current year reductions due to decreases in net deferred tax assets, return to provision true-ups, other adjustments and OCI impact to deferred taxes.  

98 

     Table of Contents                

Exhibits are incorporated herein by reference or are filed with this report as indicated below (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

99 

     Table of Contents                

100 

     Table of Contents                

* 
    Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
              ** 
    Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Keysight will furnish supplemental copies of any such schedules or exhibits to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
     
   101 

Table of Contents                

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

BY 
      
    /s/ Stephen D. Williams 

Stephen D. Williams 

Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 

Date: December 19, 2016 
   
  POWER OF ATTORNEY 
  KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stephen D. Williams and Jeffrey Li, or any of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, for such person in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that any of said attorneys-in-fact, or substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
                       Signature 
      
    Title 
      
    Date 

/s/ RONALD S. NERSESIAN 
      
    Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Ronald S. Nersesian 
      
    (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ NEIL DOUGHERTY 
      
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Neil Dougherty 
      
    (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ JOHN C. SKINNER 
      
    Vice President and Corporate Controller 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      John C. Skinner 
      
    (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ PAUL N. CLARK 
      
    Chairman of the Board 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Paul N. Clark 

/s/ JAMES G. CULLEN 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      James G. Cullen 

/s/ CHARLES J. DOCKENDORFF 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Charles J. Dockendorff 

/s/ JEAN M. HALLORAN 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Jean M. Halloran 

/s/ RICHARD HAMADA 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Richard Hamada 

/s/ ROBERT A. RANGO 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Robert A. Rango 

/s/ MARK B. TEMPLETON 
      
    Director 
      
    December 19, 2016 
      Mark B. Templeton 

102 

<EX-10.32>
 2
 keys-10312016xexx1032.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.32

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.32 
  KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan 
  Global Stock Award Agreement 
  For Standard Awards Granted to Employees 
  Section 1.  Grant of Stock Award  .    This Global Stock Award Agreement, including any additional terms for your country in Appendix A attached hereto (collectively this "Award Agreement"), dated as of the Grant Date indicated in your account maintained by Fidelity Stock Plan Services, LLC or such other company that may provide administrative services in connection with the Plan in the future (the "External Administrator"), is entered into between Keysight Technologies, Inc. (the "Company"), and you as an individual (the "Awardee") who has been granted Restricted Stock Units (this "Stock Award") pursuant to the Keysight Technologies, Inc. 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (the "Plan").  This Stock Award represents the right to receive     the number of shares of the Company's $0.01 par value voting common stock ("Shares") indicated in Awardee's External Administrator account subject to the fulfillment of the conditions set forth below and pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan.  The Stock Award is an unfunded and unsecured promise by the Company to deliver Shares in the future.  Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein are used with the same meanings as in the Plan. 
  Section 2.  Vesting Period  .    So long as Awardee remains an Awardee Eligible to Vest and has not given or been given notice of termination of his or her Service, the Stock Award shall vest as to 25% of the Shares beginning on the first anniversary of the Grant Date stated in Section 1 above and another 25% on each subsequent anniversary of the Grant Date so that the Stock Award is fully vested on the fourth anniversary of the Grant Date. 
  Section 3.  Nontransferability of Stock Award  .    This Stock Award shall not be transferable by Awardee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  The terms of this Stock Award shall be binding on the executors, administrators, heirs and successors of Awardee. 
  Section 4.  Termination of Employment or Service; Change of Control  . 
  (a)      General  .  Unless otherwise provided in this Section 4, any unvested Stock Award shall be forfeited immediately upon the date that Awardee gives or is given notice of termination of his or her Service or otherwise ceases to be an Awardee Eligible to Vest (the "Termination Date") (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Awardee is employed or the terms of Awardee's employment agreement, if any).  Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement or determined by the Administrator or its designee, Awardee's right to vest in the Stock Award under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such Termination Date and will not be extended by any notice period (  e.g.  , Awardee's period of Service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of "garden leave" or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Awardee is employed, including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law  

and/or common law, or the terms of Awardee's employment agreement, if any); the Administrator or its designee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Awardee is no longer an Awardee Eligible to Vest for purposes of the Stock Award grant (including whether Awardee may still be considered to be providing Service while on a leave of absence).   
  (b)      Awardee's Death  .  Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, if an Awardee dies while providing Service or after Awardee's retirement in accordance with the applicable local retirement policy (as determined by the Company), the Stock Award shall immediately vest in full.  The vested portion of the Stock Award shall be delivered to the executor or administrator of Awardee's estate or, if none, to the person(s) entitled to receive the vested Stock Award under Awardee's will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
  (c)      Awardee's Disability or Workforce Management Program Termination  .  Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, if an Awardee terminates Service due to total and permanent disability or due to participation in the Company's Workforce Management Program, the Stock Award shall vest in full. 
  (d)      Awardee's Retirement  .  Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, if an Awardee terminates Service due to retirement in accordance with the applicable local retirement policy (as determined by the Company), any unvested Stock Award will continue to vest under the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 above.  In addition, except as the Administrator or its designee shall determine otherwise, if Awardee becomes eligible to retire or retires in accordance with the applicable local retirement policy, the Stock Award shall immediately vest as to that portion of the Shares necessary to satisfy any Tax-Related Items (as described in Section 7 below) in connection with such eligibility for retirement or retirement and such Shares shall be used to satisfy such Tax-Related Items (either by withholding in Shares or forcing the sale of Shares pursuant to the authority in this Award Agreement, at the Company's sole discretion).  The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may amend or eliminate the provisions of this Section 4(d), as it determines is necessary or advisable in view of applicable local laws or legal judgments.   
  (e)      Change of Control  .  In the event of a Change of Control, the Stock Award shall vest in full immediately prior to the closing of the transaction.  The foregoing shall not apply where the Stock Award is assumed, converted or replaced in full by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of the successor; provided, however, that in the event of a Change of Control in which one or more of the successor or a parent or subsidiary of the successor has issued publicly traded equity securities, the assumption, conversion, replacement or continuation shall be made by an entity with publicly traded securities and shall provide that the holders of such assumed, converted, replaced or continued Stock Awards shall be able to acquire such publicly traded securities. 
  Section 5.  Settlement of Stock Award  .    Except as provided in the following sentence, the Stock Award shall be settled on the earlier of (1) the dates that the Stock Award vests in accordance with Section 2 hereof or (2) the events set forth in Section 4(b), (c) or (e) hereof.  If Awardee terminates Service due to retirement in accordance with Section 4(d), the Stock Award shall be settled in Shares on the normal vesting dates set forth in Section 2 above, subject to the accelerated vesting of a portion of the Stock Award as set forth in Section 4(d) above, which constitute fixed  

payment dates for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, or if earlier, upon a Change of Control pursuant to Section 4(e) hereof. 
  Section 6.  Restrictions on Issuance of Shares of Common Stock  .    The Company shall not be obligated to issue any Shares pursuant to this Stock Award unless the Shares are at that time effectively registered or exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and as applicable, local laws.  Further, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not be obligated to issue any Shares pursuant to this Stock Award if such issuance violates or is not in compliance with any Applicable Laws. 
  Section 7.  Responsibility for Taxes  .    Awardee acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, the entity to which Awardee is providing Service (the "Employer") the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Awardee's participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Awardee ("Tax-Related Items"), is and remains Awardee's responsibility and may exceed any amount withheld by the Company or the Employer.  Awardee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Stock Award, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Stock Award, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions; and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Stock Award to reduce or eliminate Awardee's liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if Awardee is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Awardee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 
  Awardee authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, in the sole discretion of the Company and/or the Employer and without any notice to or additional authorization from Awardee, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by withholding from Awardee's wages or other cash compensation paid to Awardee by the Company and/or the Employer, within legal limits, or from proceeds of the sale of Shares.  Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may in its sole discretion (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that Awardee acquires to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (on Awardee's behalf pursuant to this authorization), and/or (2) withhold in Shares, provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Awardee is an officer of the Company within the meaning of the Exchange Act, then the Company will withhold in Shares unless the use of such withholding method is not practicable under applicable tax or securities laws or has materially adverse accounting consequences, in which case, the obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (1) and (2) above.  
  Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable rates, in which case Awardee may receive a refund  

in cash of any amount withheld that exceeds the amount remitted to the applicable tax authorities and will have no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent or to any interest on such over-withheld amount.  If the obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Awardee is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Stock Award, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. 
  Finally, Awardee agrees to pay to the Company or the Employer, any amount of Tax-Related Items that the Company or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of Awardee's participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described.  The Company may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if Awardee fails to comply with Awardee's obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items. 
  Section 8.  Adjustment  .    The number of Shares subject to this Stock Award and the price per Share, if any, of such Shares may be adjusted by the Company from time to time pursuant to the Plan. 
  Section 9.  Nature of Award  .    In accepting the grant of this Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 
  (a)  the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 
  (b)  the grant of the Stock Award is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Stock Awards, or benefits in lieu of Stock Awards, even if Stock Awards have been granted in the past; 
  (c)  all decisions with respect to future Stock Award or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 
  (d)  the Stock Award grant and Awardee's participation in the Plan shall not create a right to provide Service or be interpreted as forming an employment or services contract with the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or Affiliate and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate Awardee's Service; 
  (e)  Awardee is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 
  (f)  the Stock Award and the Shares subject to the Stock Award, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation; 
  (g)  the Stock Award and the Shares subject to the Stock Award, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of- 

service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, profit-sharing payments, pension, retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments; 
  (h)  unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Stock Award and the Shares subject to the Stock Award, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service that Awardee may provide as a director of a Subsidiary or Affiliate; 
  (i)  the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company makes no representation regarding such future value'; 
  (j)  this Award Agreement is between Awardee and the Company, and the Employer (if different) is not a party to this Award Agreement; 
  (k)  in consideration of the grant of the Stock Award to which Awardee is otherwise not entitled, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Stock Award or the recoupment of Shares or cash acquired pursuant to the Stock Award resulting from the termination of Awardee's Service (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Awardee is employed or the terms of Awardee's employment agreement, if any) and/or the application of any recoupment policy as described in Section 24 hereof; 
  (l)  Applicable Laws (including any rules or regulations governing securities, foreign exchange, tax, labor or other matters) of the country in which Awardee is residing or working at the time of grant or vesting of the Stock Award or the sale of Shares may subject Awardee to additional procedural or regulatory requirements that Awardee solely is responsible for and must independently fulfill in relation to ownership or sale of such Shares;  
  (m)  the ownership of Shares or assets and/or the holding of a bank or brokerage account may subject Awardee to reporting requirements imposed by tax, banking, and/or other authorities in Awardee's country, that Awardee solely is responsible for complying with such requirements, and that any cross-border cash remittance made to transfer of proceeds received upon the sale of Shares must be made through a locally authorized financial institution or registered foreign exchange agency and may require Awardee to provide to such entity certain information regarding the transaction; and 
  (n)  the following provisions apply if Awardee is providing services outside the United States: 
  1.        the Stock Award and the Shares subject to the Stock Award, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; and 
  2.        Awardee acknowledges and agrees that neither the Company, the Employer nor any Subsidiary or Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange  

rate fluctuation between Awardee's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Stock Award or of any amounts due to Awardee pursuant to the settlement of the Stock Award or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
  Section 10.  No Advice Regarding Grant  .    The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Awardee's participation in the Plan, or Awardee's acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares.  Awardee is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
  Section 11.  Data Privacy  .  Awardee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Awardee's personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Stock Award grant materials ("Data") by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Awardee's participation in the Plan. 
  Awardee understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Awardee, including, but not limited to, Awardee's name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number (to the extent permitted under applicable local law), passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Awards or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, exercised, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in Awardee's favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
  Awardee understands that Data will be transferred to the External Administrator, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  Awardee understands that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients' country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Awardee's country.  Awardee understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative.  Awardee authorizes the Company, the External Administrator and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker, escrow agent or other third party with whom Awardee may elect to deposit any Shares received upon vesting of the Stock Award.  Awardee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Awardee's participation in the Plan.  Awardee understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse  

or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources representative.  Further, Awardee understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If Awardee does not consent, or if Awardee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her Service with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Awardee's consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Awardee the Stock Award or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, Awardee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Awardee's ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of Awardee's refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Awardee understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 
  Section 12.  No Rights Until Issuance  .    Awardee shall have no rights hereunder as a shareholder with respect to any Shares subject to this Stock Award until the date that Shares are issued to Awardee.  Except as otherwise set forth herein, the Administrator in its sole discretion may substitute a cash payment in lieu of Shares, such cash payment to be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date that such Shares would have otherwise been issued under the terms of the Award Agreement. 
  Section 13.  Administrative Procedures  .    Awardee agrees to follow the administrative procedures that may be established by the Company and/or the External Administrator for participation in the Plan which may include a requirement that the Shares issued upon vesting be held by the External Administrator until Awardee disposes of such Shares.  Awardee agrees to update the Company with respect to Awardee's home address, contact information and any information necessary for the Company or one of its Affiliates to process any required tax withholding or reporting related to this Stock Award. 
  Section 14.  Governing Law and Venue  .    This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws, as provided in the Plan.  Any proceeding arising out of or relating to this Award Agreement or the Plan may be brought only in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California where this grant is made and/or to be performed, and the parties to this Award Agreement consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
  Section 15.  Amendment  .    This Stock Award may be amended as provided in the Plan. 
  Section 16.  Language  .    If Awardee has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
  Section 17.  Electronic Delivery  .    The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means.  Awardee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an online or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

Section 18.  Severability  .    The provisions of this Award Agreement are severable and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable. 
  Section 19.  Appendix A  .    Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Stock Award grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in Appendix A to this Award Agreement for Awardee's country.  Moreover, if Awardee relocates to one of the countries included in Appendix A, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to Awardee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.  Appendix A constitutes part of this Award Agreement. 
  Section 20.  Imposition of Other Requirements  .        The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Awardee's participation in the Plan, on the Stock Award and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Awardee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
  Section 21.  Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws  .    Awardee acknowledges that he or she may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and the Awardee's country of residence, which may affect his or her ability to directly or indirectly, for him- or herself or for a third party, acquire or sell, or attempt to sell, Shares or rights to Shares (  e.g.  , Stock Awards) under the Plan during such times as Awardee is considered to have "inside information" regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and Awardee's country) or the trade in Shares or trade in rights of Shares under the Plan.  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy.  Awardee is responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and is encouraged to consult his or her personal legal advisor on this matter. 
  Section 22.  Waiver  .    Awardee acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Awardee or any other Awardee. 
  Section 23.  Section 409A of the Code  . 
  (a)    This Stock Award shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a manner that does not result in the imposition on Awardee of any additional tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A of the Code.  The preceding provision, however, shall not be construed as a guarantee of any particular tax effect and the Company shall not be liable to Awardee if any payment made under this Stock Award is determined to result in an additional tax, penalty, or interest under Section 409A of the Code, nor for reporting in good faith any payment made under any Award as an amount includible in gross income under Section 409A of the Code. 

(b)    "Termination of employment," "resignation," or words of similar import, as used in this Stock Award means for purposes of payments under this Award that are payments of deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, Awardee's "separation from service" as defined in Section 409A of the Code. 
  (c)    To the extent any payment or settlement that is a payment of deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code is contingent upon a Change of Control,  such payment or settlement shall only occur if the Change of Control would also constitute a change in ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code.  The vesting of any Award shall not be affected by the preceding sentence. 
  (d)    If a payment obligation under this Stock Award arises on account of Awardee's separation from service while Awardee is a "specified employee" (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), any payment of "deferred compensation" (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect to the exemptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) that is scheduled to be paid within six (6) months after such separation from service shall accrue without interest and shall be paid within 15 days after the end of the six-month period beginning on the date of such separation from service or, if earlier, within 15 days after his or her death. 
  Section 24.  Recoupment  .    This Stock Award is subject to the terms of the Keysight Technologies Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy in the form approved by the Administrator as of the Grant Date (the "Policy"), if and to the extent that the Policy by its terms applies to the Stock Award and Awardee; and the terms of the Policy as of the Grant Date are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
  Section 25.  Entire Agreement  .    The Plan is incorporated herein by reference.  The Plan and this Award Agreement (including Appendix A attached hereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Awardee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Awardee's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Awardee, unless such modification is deemed necessary by the Administrator in order to comply with Applicable Laws. 
  Section 26.  Acceptance and Rejection  .    This Award Agreement is one of the documents governing this Stock Award, which Awardee may accept or reject online through the External Administrator's website.  If Awardee has not rejected this Stock Award by the time of the first vesting event, Awardee will be deemed to have accepted this Stock Award, and the Shares vested pursuant to the Stock Award will be issued and taxed accordingly.  Further, by accepting the grant of this Stock Award (whether affirmatively or by failing to reject the Award,  Awardee agrees that this Stock Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement (including Appendix A), and Awardee acknowledges that he or she agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Company upon any questions relating to the Plan and Award Agreement 

Section 27.  Foreign Asset/Account Reporting; Exchange Control  .    Awardee's country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and/or exchange controls which may affect Awardee's ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of Shares) in an account outside Awardee's country.  Awardee may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country.  Awardee also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of Awardee's participation in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt.  Awardee  acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to comply with such regulations, and Awardee should consult his or her personal legal advisor for any details. 

KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  By:     
    
  Ronald S. Nersesian  
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
    
  By:     
  Stephen D. Williams 
  Senior Vice President and General Counsel 

APPENDIX A 
  KEYSIGHT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
  2014 Equity and Compensation Plan 
  Global Stock Award Agreement 
  For Standard Awards Granted to Employees 
    
  COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

All capitalized terms used in this Appendix A that are not defined herein have the meanings defined in the Plan or the Global Stock Award Agreement "".  This Appendix A constitutes part of the Award Agreement. 
  This Appendix A includes additional or different terms and conditions that govern the Stock Award if Awardee works or resides in one of the countries listed below.  In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this Appendix A and the Global Stock Award Agreement, the terms of this Appendix A shall govern. 
  Awardee understands that if Awardee is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently working and/or residing, transfers Service and/or residency after the Grant Date or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to Awardee. 
  ARGENTINA 
    
  Securities Law Acknowledgment.    Neither the Stock Award nor the underlying Shares are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina and have not been and will not be registered with the   Comisi n Nacional de Valores  .  The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority.  Neither the Plan, this Award Agreement nor any other offering materials related to the Stock Award or the underlying Shares may be used in connection with any general offering to the public in Argentina. 
    
  Nature of Award.    The following provision supplements Section 9 of the Award Agreement: 
    
  By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges and agrees that the grant of the Stock Award is made by the Company (not by the Employer) in its sole discretion and that the value of the Stock Award or any Shares acquired under the Plan shall not constitute salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, including, but not limited to, the calculation of (i) any labor benefits including, without limitation, vacation pay, thirteenth month salary, compensation in lieu of notice, annual bonus, disability, and leave of absence payments, etc., or (ii) any termination or severance indemnities or similar payments.  If, notwithstanding the foregoing, any benefits under the Plan are considered as salary or wages for any purpose under Argentine labor law, Awardee acknowledges and agrees that such benefits shall not accrue more frequently than on each vesting date. 

AUSTRALIA 
    
  Australian Offer Document.    The Stock Award is intended to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") Regulatory Guide 49 and ASIC Class Order CO 14/1000.  Additional details are set forth in the Australian Offer Document, which is provided to Awardees along with this Award Agreement.'' 
    
  AUSTRIA 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  BELGIUM 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  BRAZIL 
    
  Compliance with Law.    By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges his or her agreement to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to report and pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the Stock Award, the receipt of any dividends and the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan.     
  Nature of Award Acknowledgment.    This provision supplements Section 9 of the Award Agreement:   
  By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges that he or she is making an investment decision, the Shares will be issued to Awardee only if the vesting conditions are met, and the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to Awardee.  
  CANADA 
    
  Settlement in Shares.    Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to settle the Stock Award in cash, the Stock Award will be settled in Shares only.  The Stock Award does not provide any right for Awardee to receive a cash payment. 
    
  Termination of Service.    Awardee understands and agrees that, in the event of termination of Awardee's Service, Awardee's right to participate in the Plan and the treatment of Awardee's Stock Award, if any, will be governed in accordance with Section 4 of the Award Agreement, and not under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Awardee is providing Service, including, but not limited to statutory law, regulatory law and/or common law. 
    
  The following provisions will apply if Awardee is a resident of Quebec  : 

Language Consent.    The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Award Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
  Consentement Relatif   la Langue Utilis e.   Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig  la r daction en anglais de la pr sente convention (  Award Agreement  ), ainsi que de tous documents ex cut s, avis donn s et proc dures judiciaires intent es en vertu de ou li s directement ou indirectement   la pr sente convention (  Award Agreement  ). 
  Data Privacy.    This provision supplements Section 11 of the Award Agreement:   
  Awardee hereby authorizes the Company and the Company's representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan.  Awardee further authorizes the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate and the External Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors.  Awardee further authorizes the Company, any Subsidiary or Affiliate and the External Administrator to record such information and to keep such information in his or her employee file. 
  CHINA 
    
  These provisions apply only to Awardees who are People's Republic of China ("PRC") nationals, unless otherwise determined by the Company or required by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ("SAFE"). 
  Exchange Control Restrictions.    Awardee understands and agrees that he or she will be required to immediately repatriate to China the proceeds from the sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan or from any cash dividends paid on such Shares.  Awardee further understands that such repatriation of the proceeds will need to be effected through a special exchange control account established by the Company or an Affiliate or Subsidiary, and Awardee hereby consents and agrees that the proceeds may be transferred to such account by the Company (or its External Administrator or designated broker) on Awardee's behalf prior to being delivered to Awardee.  Awardee also agrees to sign any agreements, forms and/or consents that may be reasonably requested by the Company (or the External Administrator) to effectuate such transfers.   
    
  The proceeds may be paid to Awardee in U.S. Dollars or local currency at the Company's discretion.  If the proceeds are paid to Awardee in U.S. Dollars, Awardee understands that he or she will be required to set up a U.S. Dollar bank account in China so that the proceeds may be deposited into this account.  If the proceeds are paid to Awardee in local currency, (1) Awardee acknowledges that the Company is under no obligation to secure any particular currency conversion rate and that the Company may face delays in converting the proceeds to local currency due to exchange control restrictions, and (2) Awardee agrees to bear any currency fluctuation risk between the time the Shares are sold or dividends are paid and the time the proceeds are converted to local currency and distributed to Awardee.  Awardee agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by the Company in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China. 

Termination of Service.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or the Award Agreement, Awardee agrees that upon the termination of Awardee's Service in China , the Company may sell  any Shares acquired pursuant to the Stock Award not later than ninety (90) calendar days after the Termination Date (or such other period as may be required by SAFE).  Awardee authorizes the Company's designated broker to sell such Shares on Awardee's behalf at such time as determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, or as soon as is administratively practical thereafter.  Awardee further agrees that the Company is authorized to instruct its designated broker to assist with the mandatory sale of the Shares (on Awardee's behalf pursuant to this authorization), and Awardee expressly authorizes such broker to complete the sale of such Shares.  Awardee acknowledges that the Company's designated broker is under no obligation to arrange for the sale of Shares at any particular price.  Upon the sale of the Shares, the Company agrees to pay the cash proceeds from the sale, less any brokerage fees or commissions, to Awardee in accordance with applicable exchange control laws and regulations and provided any liability for Tax-Related Items has been satisfied. 
    
  DENMARK 
    
  Settlement in Shares.    Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to settle the Stock Award in cash, the Stock Award will be settled in Shares only.  The Stock Award does not provide any right for Awardee to receive a cash payment. 
    
  Vesting Period.    This provision replaces Section 2 of the Award Agreement in its entirety. 
    
  So long as Awardee remains an Awardee Eligible to Vest and has not given or been given notice of termination of his Service, the Stock Award shall vest as to 100% of the shares on the third anniversary of the Grant Date stated in Section 1 of the Award Agreement. 
    
  Termination of Employment or Service.    This provision supplements Section 4(a) of the Award Agreement. 
    
  Unless otherwise provided in Section 4(b), (c), or (d) of the Award Agreement, if an Awardee is terminated by the Company for any reason other than breach, any unvested Stock Award will continue to vest under the vesting schedule set forth in Section 2 of the Award Agreement [(as replaced by the above provision in this Appendix A)].  In the event that Awardee resigns his or her Service or is terminated for breach by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, any unvested portion of the Stock Award shall be forfeited immediately on the Termination Date. 
    
  Danish Stock Option Act.    By accepting this Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges that he or she has received an Employer Statement translated into Danish, which is being provided to comply with the Danish Stock Option Act. 
    
  FINLAND 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 

FRANCE 
    
  French-Qualified Stock Award.    This Stock Award is intended to qualify for specific tax and social security treatment in France under Section L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-6-1 of the French Commercial Code, as amended (a "French-qualified" Stock Award), but is ineligible for the treatment implemented by the   Loi Macron  .  Certain events may affect the status of the Stock Award as French-qualified and the Stock Award may be disqualified in the future.  The Company does not make any undertaking or representation to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award.  If the Stock Award no longer qualifies as a French-qualified Stock Award, the specific tax and social security treatment will not apply, and Awardee will be required to pay his or her portion of social security contributions resulting from the Stock Award (as well as any income tax that is due). 
    
  Plan and Sub-Plan Terms.    The Stock Award is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the Rules of the Keysight Technologies, Inc. 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan for Restricted Stock Units Granted to Employees in France (the "French RSU Sub-plan").  To the extent that any term is defined in both the Plan and the French RSU Sub-plan, for purposes of this grant of a French-qualified Stock Award, the definitions in the French RSU Sub-plan shall prevail. 
    
  Vesting Period.    This provision replaces Section 2 of the Award Agreement in its entirety. 
    
  So long as Awardee remains an Awardee Eligible to Vest and has not given or been given notice of termination of his Service, the Stock Award shall vest as to 100% of the Shares on the second anniversary of the Grant Date referenced in Section 1 of the Award Agreement. 
    
  Settlement in Shares.    Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to settle the Stock Award in cash, the French-qualified Stock Award will be settled in Shares only.  The Stock Award does not provide any right for Awardee to receive a cash payment. 
    
  Termination of Service Due to Death.   This provision replaces Section 4(b) of the Award Agreement in its entirety: 
    
  Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan or Award Agreement to the contrary, in the event of Awardee's death while employed by the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate or after Awardee's retirement in accordance with the applicable local retirement policy (as determined by the Company), on the date of death, the Stock Award shall become fully transferable to Awardee's heirs.  Awardee's heirs may request issuance of the underlying Shares within six (6) months of Awardee's death.  If Awardee's heirs do not request the issuance of the underlying Shares within six (6) months of Awardee's death, the Stock Award will be forfeited. 
    
  Restrictions on Sale of Shares of Common Stock.    Awardee may not sell or transfer the Shares issued pursuant to the Stock Award prior to the second anniversary of the applicable vesting date or such other period as is required to comply with the minimum mandatory holding period applicable to Shares underlying French-qualified awards under Section L. 225-197-1 of the French Commercial Code, the French Tax Code or the French Social Security Code, as amended.  Notwithstanding the  

above, Awardee's heirs, in case of Awardee's death, or Awardee in case of Awardee's Disability (as defined under the French RSU Sub-plan), are not subject to this restriction on the sale of Shares. 
    
  If Awardee qualifies as a managing director of the Company under French law ("  mandataires sociaux  "   i.e.  ,   Pr sident du Conseil d'Administration, Directeur G n ral, Directeur G n ral D l gu , Membre du Directoire, G rant de Soci t s par actions  ), Awardee is required to hold 20% of the Shares issued upon the vesting of the Stock Award in a nominative account under procedures implemented by the Company and is not permitted to sell or transfer the Shares until he or she ceases to serve as a managing director, as long as this restriction is a requirement under French law and unless law or regulations provide for a lower percentage (in which case these requirements apply to the lower percentage of Shares required to be held). 
    
  Any Shares acquired upon vesting of the Stock Award may not be sold during certain Closed Periods as provided for and defined by Section L. 225-197-1 of the French Commercial Code, as amended, and by the French RSU Sub-Plan, for so long as and to the extent that the Closed Periods are applicable to Shares underlying French-qualified Stock Awards granted by the Company.  Under current law, such Closed Periods include: (a) ten (10) trading days preceding and three (3) trading days following the disclosure to the public of the consolidated financial statements or the annual statements of the Company; and (b) the period as from the date that information has been disclosed to the Company's corporate management (such as the Board) which could, if disclosed to the public, significantly impact the trading price of the Shares, until ten (10) trading days after the date such information is publicly disclosed.   
    
  Consent to Receive Information in English.    By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee confirms having read and understood the documents related to the Stock Award (the Plan and the Award Agreement) which were provided in the English language.  Awardee accepts the terms of these documents accordingly. 
    
  Consentement Relatif   l'Utilisation de l'Anglais.    En acceptant l'Attribution (  Stock Award  ), le B n ficiaire confirme avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs   l'Attribution (le Plan (  Keysight Technologies, Inc. 2014 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan  ) et le Contrat d'Attribution) qui ont  t  remis en anglais.  Le B n ficiaire accepte les termes de ces documents en connaissance de cause. 
    
  GERMANY 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  HONG KONG 
    
  Settlement in Shares.    Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to settle the Stock Award in cash, due to tax law considerations in Hong Kong the Stock Award will be settled in Shares only.  The Stock Award does not provide any right for Awardee to receive a cash payment. 

Sale of Shares.    In the event the Stock Award vests within six (6) months of the Grant Date set forth in the Agreement, Awardee agrees that Awardee will not dispose of the Shares acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date. 
    
  Nature of Scheme.    The Company specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance. 
    
  Securities Law Warning.    The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  Awardee is advised to exercise caution in relation to the offer of the Stock Award under the Plan.  If Awardee is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Award Agreement or  the Plan, or any incidental communication materials, Awardee should obtain independent professional advice.  The offer of the Stock Award and Shares under the Plan does not constitute a public offering of securities under Hong Kong Law, and is available only to Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.  The Award Agreement and the Plan, and other incidental communication materials related to the Stock Award, have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a "prospectus" for a public offering of securities under the applicable companies and securities legislation in Hong Kong, and the documents.  The Stock Award, the Award Agreement and the Plan, and any incidental communication materials, are intended solely for the personal use of Awardee and may not be distributed to any other person.    
    
  INDIA 
    
  Exchange Control Obligations.    Awardees resident in India must repatriate to India and convert into local currency any proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan within ninety (90) days of receiving such proceeds and any cash dividends paid on Shares acquired under the Plan within one-hundred-eighty (180) days of such payment.  Upon repatriation, a foreign inward remittance certificate ("FIRC") will be issued by the bank where the foreign currency is deposited.  The FIRC should be retained as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation.    Awardee is solely responsible for complying with any exchange control laws that may apply to the Stock Award or the Shares acquired under the Plan. 
    
  ISRAEL    
    
  Grant Subject to Terms and Conditions of Israel Sub-Plan.    The Stock Award is offered to Awardee subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Plan and its Sub-Plan for Participants in Israel (the "Israel Sub-Plan").  As such, the Stock Award is intended to qualify for specific tax treatment in Israel under Section 102 (together with its subsections and any similar successor provisions, "Section 102") of the Israeli Income Tax Ordinance [New Version] 1961, as now in effect or as hereafter amended.  Certain events may affect the status of the Stock Award as qualified under Section 102 and the Stock Award may be disqualified in the future.  The Company does not make any undertaking or representation to maintain the qualified status of the Stock Award.   
    
  The Stock Award, the Shares and any rights issued pursuant to the Stock Award and Shares (other than cash dividends) shall be controlled by Meitav Benefits Trust Company, S.G.S Trusts or another  

trustee selected by the Company (the "Trustee") for Awardee's benefit for at least such period of time as required by Section 102 or by the Israeli Tax Authority (the "Lock-Up Period"). 
    
  By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee agrees to be bound by Section 102, the terms of the Plan, the Israel Sub-Plan, the Award Agreement, the trust and services agreement (the "Trust Agreement") with the Trustee, and, upon request of the Company or the Employer, agrees to provide written consent to the terms of any tax ruling or agreement obtained by the Company or the Employer with regard to the Plan and the Israel Sub-Plan ("Tax Ruling").   
    
  Until further election by the Company, the Stock Award and any Shares received upon vesting of the Stock Award are intended to qualify for the tax treatment available in Israel pursuant to the provisions of the "capital gain trustee track" under Section 102, including the provisions of the Income Tax Rules (Tax Benefits in Shares Issuance to Employees), 2003 and any Tax Ruling.   
    
  The Stock Award is subject to the trust ("Trust") established by the Trust Agreement with the Trustee.  To receive the tax treatment provided for in Sections 102(b)(2) and 102(b)(3) of the ITO or successor statute, the Stock Award will be "deposited" (as defined by the ITO) with the Trustee on behalf of Awardee during the Lock-Up Period, which, until further election by the Company, shall be twenty-four (24) months from the Grant Date, or any other period determined under the ITO as now in effect or as hereafter amended or by the Israeli Income Tax Authority.  Subject to the expiry of the Lock-Up Period and any further period included herein, Awardee agrees that Shares acquired upon vesting of the Stock Award will be under the supervision of the Trustee until the earlier of (a) the receipt by the Trustee of an acknowledgment from the Israeli Income Tax Authority that Awardee has paid all applicable Tax-Related Items due pursuant to the ITO and Section 102, or (b) the Trustee withholds any applicable Tax-Related Items due pursuant to the ITO and Section 102.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event Awardee shall elect to release any Shares acquired upon vesting of the Stock Award prior to the conclusion of the Lock-Up Period, the tax consequences under Section 102 shall apply to and shall be borne solely by Awardee. 
    
  The Company may in its sole discretion replace the Trustee from time to time and instruct the transfer of all Stock Awards and Shares held or administered by such Trustee at such time to its successor and the provisions of this Award Agreement shall apply to the new Trustee. 
    
  ITALY 
    
  Data Privacy.  This provision replaces Section 11 of the Award Agreement:   
    
  Awardee understands that the Employer, the Company and any other Affiliate and Subsidiary may hold certain personal information about Awardee, including, Awardee's name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number (to the extent permitted under Italian law), passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of the Stock Award or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, canceled, exercised, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in Awardee's favor ("Personal Data") and will process such data for the exclusive purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan.  

Awardee also understands that providing the Company with Personal Data is mandatory for compliance with local law and necessary for the performance of the Plan and that Awardee's refusal to provide such Personal Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect Awardee's ability to participate in the Plan.  The Controllers of personal data processing are Keysight Technologies, Inc., 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95403, and Keysight Technologies Italy S.r.l., Via Grandi, 8, Cernusco sul Naviglio 20063 Milan Italy, which is also the Company's representative in Italy for privacy purposes pursuant to Legislative Decree no 196/2003.   
    
  Awardee understands that Personal Data will not be publicized, but it may be accessible by the Employer and its internal and external personnel in charge of processing of such Personal Data and by the Personal Data Processor (the "Processor"), if any.  An updated list of Processors and other transferees of Personal Data is available upon request from the Employer. Furthermore, Personal Data may be transferred to the External Administrator, Employer and any banks, other financial institutions or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan.  Awardee understands that the Company and/or its Affiliates and Subsidiaries will transfer Personal Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation, administration and management of Awardee's participation in the Plan, and that the Company and/or its Affiliates and Subsidiaries may each further transfer Personal Data to third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer to the External Administrator or another third party with whom Awardee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan.  Such recipients may receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Personal Data in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing Awardee's participation in the Plan.  Awardee understands that these recipients may be located in or outside the European Economic Area in such countries as in the United States that may not provide the same level of protection as intended under Italian data privacy laws.  Should the Company exercise its discretion in suspending all necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan, it will delete Awardee's Personal Data as soon as it has accomplished all the necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan. 
    
  Awardee understands that Personal Data processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Personal Data is collected and with confidentiality and security provisions as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003. 
    
  The processing activity, including communication, the transfer of Awardee's Personal Data abroad, including outside of the European Economic Area, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require Awardee's consent thereto as the processing is necessary to performance of contractual obligations related to implementation, administration and management of the Plan.  Awardee understands that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, Awardee has the right to, including but not limited to, access, delete, update,  

ask for rectification of Awardee's Personal Data and stop, for legitimate reason, Personal Data processing.   
    
  Furthermore, Awardee is aware that Awardee's Personal Data will not be used for direct marketing purposes.  In addition, Personal Data provided can be reviewed and questions or complaints can be addressed by contacting Awardee's human resources department. 
    
  Plan Document Acknowledgement.    By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges that (a) Awardee has received the Plan and the Award Agreement; (b) Awardee has reviewed those documents in their entirety and fully understands the contents thereof; and (c) Awardee accepts all provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement.  Awardee further acknowledges that Awardee has read and specifically and expressly approves, without limitation, the following sections of the Award Agreement: "Termination of Employment or Service"; "Nontransferability of Stock Award"; "Restrictions on Issuance of Shares of Common Stock"; "Responsibility for Taxes"; "Nature of Award"; "No Advice Regarding Grant"; "Data Privacy" as replaced by the above provision; "No Rights Until Issuance"; "Governing Law and Venue"; "Language"; "Electronic Delivery and Acceptance"; "Imposition of Other Requirements"; "Appendix" "Waiver and Amendments" and "Entire Agreement". 
    
  JAPAN 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  KOREA 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  MALAYSIA 
    
  Data Privacy.    This provision replaces Section 11 of the Award Agreement in its entirety. 
   
                   Awardee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of his or her personal data as described in this Award Agreement, including any country-specific Appendix attached hereto, and any other Plan participation materials by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates or any third parties authorized by the same for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Awardee's participation in the Plan. 

Penerima Anugerah dengan ini secara eksplicit dan tanpa sebarang keraguan mengizinkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pemindahan, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, data peribadinya  seperti yang dinyatakan dalam Perjanjian Penganugerahan  ini, termasuklah apa-apa  Lampiran khusus bagi  negara yang dilampirkan di sini, dan apa-apa bahan penyertaan Pelan oleh dan di antara, sebagaimana yang berkenaan, Majikan, Syarikat dan Anak Syarikatnya dan Syarikat Sekutu  atau mana-mana pihak ketiga yang diberi kuasa oleh yang sama untuk tujuan ekslusif bagi pelaksanaan, pentadbiran dan pengurusan penyertaan Penerima Anugerah dalam Pelan tersebut. 

Awardee may have previously provided the Company and the Employer with and the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Awardee, including, but not limited to, Awardee's name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Stock Awards or any other entitlement to Shares or equivalent benefits awarded, cancelled, exercised, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in Awardee's favor ("Data"), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 
    
  Awardee understands that Data will be transferred to the External Administrator or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan and that Data may be transferred to certain other third parties assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan'.  Awardee understands that these recipients may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients' country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Awardee's country.  Awardee understands that Awardee may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting Awardee's local human resources representative.  Awardee authorizes the Company, the External Administrator and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing Awardee's participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or third party with whom Awardee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired pursuant to Awardee's participation in the Plan.  Awardee understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Awardee's participation in the Plan.  Awardee understands that Awardee may, at any time, view Data, request information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting his or her local human resources representative.  Further, 
      
    Sebelum ini, Penerima Anugerah mungkin telah membekalkan Syarikat dan Majikan dengan, dan Syarikat dan Majikan mungkin memegang, maklumat peribadi tertentu tentang Penerima Anugerah, termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada, namanya, alamat rumah dan nombor telefon, alamat emel, tarikh lahir, nombor insurans sosial, pasport atau nombor pengenalan lain, gaji, kewarganegaraan, jawatan, apa-apa Syer  atau jawatan pengarah yang dipegang dalam Syarikat, butir-butir semua Anugerah Saham atau apa-apa hak lain untuk Syer atau manfaat setaraf yang lain yang dianugerahkan, dibatalkan, dilaksanakan, dibeli, terletak hak, tidak diletak hak ataupun bagi faedah Penerima Anugerah  ("Data"), untuk tujuan yang eksklusif bagi melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut.  
    
  Penerima Anugerah memahami bahawa Data akan dipindah kepada Pentadbir Luar atau pembekal perkhidmatan pelan saham lain yang mungkin dipilih oleh Syarikat pada masa depan, yang membantu Syarikat dalam melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut, dan Data mungkin boleh dipindahkan kepada pihak ketiga lain yang tertentu yang membantu Syarikat dengan pelaksanaan, pentadbiran, dan pengurusan Pelan. Penerima Anugerah memahami bahawa penerima-penerima ini mungkin berada di Amerika Syarikat atau di tempat lain, dan bahawa negara penerima (contohnya, Amerika Syarikat) mungkin mempunyai undang-undang privasi data dan perlindungan yang berbeza daripada negara Penerima Anugerah. Penerima Anugerah memahami bahawa Penerima Anugerah boleh meminta senarai dengan nama dan alamat mana-mana penerima Data yang berpotensi dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatannya. Penerima Anugerah memberi kuasa kepada Syarikat, Pentadbir Luar dan mana-mana penerima lain yang mungkin membantu Syarikat (sama ada pada masa kini atau pada masa depan) untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan Pelan tersebut untuk menerima, memiliki, menggunakan, mengekalkan dan memindahkan Data, dalam bentuk elektronik atau lain-lain, semata-matanya untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaan Penerima Anugerah dalam Pelan tersebut, termasuk apa-apa pemindahan Data yang diperlukan kepada broker atau pihak ketiga dengan sesiapa yang dipilih oleh Penerima Anugerah untuk deposit apa-apa Saham yang diperolehi menurut penyertaannya dalam Pelan tersebut. Penerima Anugerah faham bahawa Data akan dipegang hanya untuk tempoh yang diperlukan untuk melaksanakan, mentadbir dan menguruskan penyertaannya dalam Pelan  

Awardee understands that Awardee is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Awardee does not consent, or if Awardee later seeks to revoke his or her consent, Awardee's Service with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Awardee's consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Awardee Stock Awards or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Awardee understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Awardee's ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of Awardee's refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Awardee understands that Awardee may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

tersebut. Penerima Anugerah memahami  bahawa Penerima Anugerah boleh, pada bila-bila masa, melihat data, meminta maklumat mengenai penyimpanan dan pemprosesan Data, meminta bahawa pindaan-pindaan dilaksanakan ke atas Data atau menolak atau menarik balik persetujuan dalam ini, dalam mana-mana kes, tanpa kos, dengan menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatannya. Selanjutnya, Penerima Anugerah memahami bahawa dia memberikan persetujuan di sini secara sukarela. Jika Penerima Anugerah tidak bersetuju, atau jika Penerima Anugerah kemudian membatalkan persetujuannya,  perkhidmatan Penerima Anugerah dengan Majikan tidak akan terjejas; hanya satunya akibat jika dia tidak bersetuju atau menarik balik persetujuannya, iaitu,  Syarikat tidak akan dapat memberikan Anugerah-anugerah Saham atau anugerah ekuiti lain kepada Penerima Anugerah  atau mentadbir atau mengekalkan anugerah tersebut. Oleh itu, Penerima Anugerah memahami bahawa keengganan atau penarikan balik persetujuannya  boleh menjejaskan keupayaannya  untuk mengambil bahagian dalam Pelan tersebut. Untuk maklumat lanjut mengenai akibat keengganan Penerima Anugerah untuk memberikan keizinan atau penarikan balik keizinan, Penerima Anugerah  memahami  bahawa  Penerima Anugerah boleh menghubungi wakil sumber manusia tempatannya. 

MEXICO 
    
  Acknowledgement of the Award.    By accepting the Stock Award, Awardee acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan and the Award Agreement, which Awardee has reviewed.  Awardee acknowledges further that he or she accepts all the provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement.  Awardee also acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions set forth in Section 9: "Nature of Award" in the Award Agreement, which clearly provides as follows: 
    
           (1) 
    Awardee's participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right;  
       
           (2) 
    The Plan and Awardee's participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis;  
       
           (3) 
    Awardee's participation in the Plan is voluntary; and  
       
           (4) 
    The Company and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired at vesting of the Stock Award.  
       
  Labor Law Policy and Acknowledgment.    In accepting the Stock Award, Awardee expressly recognizes that Keysight Technologies, Inc., with registered offices at 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95403, is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan and that Awardee's participation in the Plan and acquisition of Shares do not constitute an employment relationship  

between Awardee and the Company since Awardee is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis and his or her sole employer is Keysight Technologies M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Keysight Mexico"), located at Camino al ITESO 8900, Edificio 1B, Colonia Pinar de la Calma, Zapopan, Jalisco 45080, M xico.  Based on the foregoing, Awardee expressly recognizes that the Plan and the benefits that he or she may derive from participating in the Plan do not establish any rights between Awardee and the employer, Keysight Mexico, and do not form part of the employment conditions and/or benefits provided by Keysight Mexico, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of Awardee's employment. 
    
  Awardee further understands that his or her participation in the Plan is as a result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company; therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and/or discontinue Awardee's participation at any time without any liability to Awardee. 
    
  Finally, Awardee hereby declares that he or she does not reserve to him- or herself any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and Awardee therefore grants a full and broad release to the Company, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, and its branches, representation offices, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or legal representatives with respect to any claim that may arise.  
    
  Reconocimiento del     Premio.    Al aceptar el premio, el Participante reconoce que ha recibido una copia del Plan y el Acuerdo, mismo que ha revisado.  El Participante reconoce, adem s, que acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Acuerdo,.  El Participante tambi n reconoce que ha le do y que concretamente aprueba de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la Secci n 9: "Reconocimiento de la Naturaleza del Premio" del Acuerdo, que claramente dispone lo siguiente: 
    
           (1) 
    La participaci n del Participante en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido;  
       
           (2) 
    El Plan y la participaci n del Participante en el Plan se ofrecen por la Compa  a a discreci n total de la Compa    
       
           (3) 
    Que la participaci n del Participante en el Plan es voluntaria; y 
       
           (4) 
    La Compa  a y sus Subsidiarias y Afiliadas no son responsables de ninguna disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones adquiridas al momento de tener derecho conforme a las Acciones Burs tiles concedidas. 
       
  Pol tica Laboral y Reconocimiento.    Aceptando este Acuerdo, el Participante expresamente reconoce que Keysight Technologies, Inc., con sus oficinas registradas en 1400 Fountaingrove Parkway, Santa Rosa, CA 95403, es la  nica responsable por la administraci n del Plan y que la participaci n del Participante en el Plan y en su caso la adquisici n de Acciones no constituyen una relaci n de trabajo entre el Participante y la Compa  a, ya que el Participante participa en el Plan en un marco totalmente comercial y su  nico patr n es Keysight Technologies M xico, S. de R.L. de C.V. ("Keysight Mexico"), con domicilio en Camino al ITESO 8900, Edificio 1B, Colonia  

Pinar de la Calma, Zapopan, Jalisco 45080, M xico.  Derivado de lo anterior, el Participante expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que pudieran derivar de la participaci n en el Plan no establecen derecho alguno entre el Participante y el patr n, Keysight Mexico y no forma parte de las condiciones de trabajo y/o las prestaciones otorgadas por Keysight Mexico y que cualquier modificaci n al Plan o su terminaci n no constituye un cambio o detrimento de los t rminos y condiciones de la relaci n de trabajo del Participante. 
    
  Asimismo, el Participante reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan es resultado de una decisi n unilateral y discrecional de la Compa   por lo tanto, la Compa  a se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y/o terminar la participaci n del Participante en cualquier momento y sin responsabilidad alguna hacia el Participante. 
    
  Finalmente, el Participante por este medio declara que no se reserva derecho o acci n alguna en contra de la Compa  a por cualquier compensaci n o da os y perjuicios en relaci n con las disposiciones del Plan o de los beneficios derivados del Plan y por lo tanto, el Participante otorga el m s amplio finiquito que en derecho proceda a la Compa  a, Subsidiarias y sus afiliadas, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, accionistas, directores, autoridades, empleados, agentes, o representantes legales en relaci n con respecto de cualquier demanda que pudiera surgir. 
    
  NETHERLANDS 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  PUERTO RICO 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  RUSSIA 
    
  Securities Law Acknowledgment.    Awardee understands that the Plan, the Award Agreement and all other materials Awardee may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia.  The Shares to be issued at vesting of the Stock Award have not and will not be registered in Russia nor admitted for listing on any Russian exchange for trading within Russia.  Therefore, the Shares and any other securities described in any Plan-related documents may not be used for public offering or public circulation in Russia.  In no event will Shares issued to Awardee pursuant to the Stock Award be delivered to Awardee in Russia; Shares issued to Awardee pursuant to the Stock Award shall be delivered to Awardee through the External Administrator and its affiliated companies (or another Company-designated broker) in the United States and kept on Awardee's behalf in the United States.  Awardee is not permitted to sell Shares directly to other Russian legal entities or residents. 
    
  Exchange Control Obligations.    Proceeds from the sale of Shares must be repatriated to Russia within a reasonably short period after receipt.  The sale proceeds must be initially credited to Awardee through a foreign currency account opened in Awardee's name at an authorized bank in Russia.  After the sale proceeds are initially received in Russia, they may be further remitted to foreign banks  

in accordance with Russian exchange control laws.  As an exception, dividends (but not dividend equivalents, if applicable) do not need to be remitted to a Russian resident Awardee's bank account in Russia but instead can be remitted directly to a foreign individual bank account (in countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ("OECD") or the Financial Action Task Force ("FATF")).  Certain other exemptions to these requirements may be available or may become available in the future.    Awardee should contact his or her personal legal advisor regarding exchange control requirements before Stock Awards vest, before Shares are sold and before any sale proceeds are remitted to Russia, as significant penalties may apply in the case of non-compliance with Russian exchange control law and such requirements are subject to change at any time, often without notice. 
    
  Data Privacy.    Awardee hereby acknowledges that Awardee has read and understood the terms regarding collection, processing and transfer of Awardee's Data contained in Section 11 of the Award Agreement and Awardee acknowledges that, by accepting the Stock Award, Awardee is agreeing to such terms.  In this regard, upon request of the Company, Awardee agrees to provide any executed data privacy consent form to the Employer or the Company (or any other agreements or consents that may be required by the Company) that the Company may deem necessary to obtain under the data privacy laws in Awardee's country, either now or in the future.  Awardee understands that Awardee may not be permitted to participate in the Plan if Awardee fails to execute any such consent or agreement. 
    
  SINGAPORE 
    
  Sale of Shares.    In the event the Stock Award vests within six (6) months of the Grant Date set forth in the Agreement, Awardee agrees that Awardee will not dispose of or otherwise offer to the public the Shares acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the Grant Date, unless such sale or offer is made pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division 1 Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) ("SFA"). 
    
  Securities Law Acknowledgment.    Awardee understands that the Stock Award is granted pursuant to the "Qualifying Person" exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the SFA and is not made with a view to the Shares being subsequently offered for sale to any other party.  The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.   
    
  Chief Executive Officer and Director Notification Requirement.    If Awardee is the chief executive officer ("CEO") or a director, associate director or shadow director   1    of a Singaporean Affiliate or Subsidiary, Awardee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act.  In particular, Awardee must notify the Singaporean Affiliate or Subsidiary in writing of an interest (  e.g.  , Stock Award, Shares, etc.) in the Company or any related companies within two (2) business days of (a) its acquisition or disposal, (b) any change in a previously disclosed interest (  e.g.  , when the Shares are sold), or (c) becoming the CEO or a director (if such an interest exists at the time). 
  ___________________________ 
   1      A shadow director is an individual who is not on the board of directors of a company but who has sufficient control so that the board of directors acts in accordance with the "directions or instructions" of the individual. 

SPAIN 
  Securities Law Acknowledgement.    The Stock Award and the Shares subject to the Stock Award do not qualify under Spanish regulation as securities.  No "offer of securities to the public," as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory.  The Award Agreement has not been nor will be registered with the   Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores  , and does not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
  Nature of Award.    This provision supplements Section 9 of the Award Agreement: 
  In accepting the Award, Awardee consents to participate in the Plan and acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan.  Awardee understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and discretionally decided to grant Stock Awards under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate.  The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, other than as expressly set forth in the Award Agreement.  Consequently, Awardee understands that the Stock Award is granted on the assumption and condition that the Stock Award and the Shares issued upon settlement of the Stock Award shall not become a part of any employment contract (either with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. 
  Additionally, Awardee understands that the vesting of the Stock Award is expressly conditioned on Awardee's continued and active rendering of Service to the Company or a Subsidiary or Affiliate such that if Awardee's Service is terminated for any reason (including for the reasons listed below but with the exception of the circumstances specified in Section 4(b)-(d) of the Award Agreement), the Award will cease vesting immediately effective as of the Termination Date.  This will be the case, for example, even if (a) Awardee is considered to be unfairly dismissed without good cause (  i.e.  , subject to a "  despido improcedente  "); (b) Awardee is dismissed for disciplinary or objective reasons or due to a collective dismissal; (c) Awardee's Service is terminated due to a change of work location, duties or any other employment or contractual condition; (d) Awardee's Service is terminated due to unilateral breach of contract of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates; or (e) Awardee's Service is terminated for any other reason (with the exception of the circumstances specified in Section 4(b)-(d) of the Award Agreement).  Consequently, upon termination of Service for any of the above reasons, Awardee will automatically lose any rights to the Stock Award to the extent that it has not yet become vested as of the Termination Date, as described in the Award Agreement.  Awardee acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically accepts the conditions referred to above and in Section 4 of the Award Agreement. 
  Finally, Awardee understands that this Stock Award would not be made to Awardee but for the assumptions and conditions referred to herein; thus, Awardee acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then the grant of this Stock Award shall be null and void. 

SWEDEN 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  SWITZERLAND 
    
  Securities Law Acknowledgment.    The Stock Award is considered a private offering in Switzerland and is not subject to registration in Switzerland.  Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Stock Award (a) constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 652a of the Swiss Code of Obligations, (b) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland or (c) has been or will be filed with, approved or supervised by any Swiss regulatory authority (in particular, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA)). 
    
  TAIWAN 
  Securities Law Acknowledgment.    The offer of participation in the Plan is available only for employees of the Company, Subsidiaries and Affiliates.  The offer of participation in the Plan is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
    
  UNITED KINGDOM 
    
  Settlement in Shares.    Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or the Award Agreement to settle the Stock Award in cash, the Stock Award will be settled in Shares only.  The Stock Award does not provide any right for Awardee to receive a cash payment. 
    
  Responsibility for Taxes.    These provisions supplement Section 7 of the Award Agreement: 
    
  If payment or withholding of the income tax due in connection with the Stock Award is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the taxable event occurs or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the "Due Date"), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by Awardee to the Employer, effective on the Due Date.  Awardee agrees that the loan will bear interest at the official rate of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC") and will be immediately due and repayable by Awardee, and the Company and/or the Employer may recover it at any time thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Award Agreement.   
    
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Awardee is an executive officer or director of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), Awardee shall not be eligible for a loan to cover the income tax due as described above.  Instead, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to Awardee on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions may be payable.  Awardee acknowledges that Awardee will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying the Company or the Employer (as applicable) for the value of any employee National Insurance contributions due on this additional benefit.  Awardee further acknowledges that the  

Company or the Employer may recover such amounts from Awardee by any of the means referred to in Section 7 of the Award Agreement. 
    
  Joint Election  .      As a condition of participation in the Plan, Awardee agrees to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 National Insurance contributions which may be payable by the Company and/or the Employer in connection with the Stock Award and any event giving rise to Tax-Related Items (the "Employer's Liability").  Without prejudice to the foregoing, Awardee agrees to enter into a joint election with the Company or the Employer, the form of such joint election being formally approved by HMRC (the "Joint Election") and any other consent or election required to accomplish the transfer of the Employer's Liability to Awardee.  Awardee understands that the Joint Election applies to any Stock Award granted to him or her under the Plan after he or she has entered into the Joint Election.  Awardee further agrees to enter into such other joint elections as may be required between him or her and any successor to the Company and/or the Employer.  Awardee further agrees that the Company and/or the Employer may collect the Employer's Liability from him or her by any of the means set forth in Section 7 of the Award Agreement. 
    
  If Awardee does not enter into a Joint Election prior to the first vesting date of the Stock Award or any other event giving rise to Tax-Related Items, he or she will not be entitled to vest in the Stock Award or receive any benefit in connection with the Stock Award unless and until he or she enters into a Joint Election, and no Shares or other benefit pursuant to the Stock Award will be issued to Awardee under the Plan, without any liability to the Company and/or the Employer; provided, however, that this provision shall not apply if Awardee is a U.S. taxpayer and the application of this provision would cause the Stock Award to fail to qualify under an exemption from, or comply with, Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the Company. 
    
  UNITED STATES 
    
  There are currently no country-specific provisions. 
    
  VIETNAM 
    
  Settlement in Cash.    Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, the Stock Award, once vested, will be settled by means of a cash payment equal to the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the date that such Shares would have otherwise been issued under the terms of the Award Agreement. 
    
  Amended as of November 15, 2016 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-12.1>
 3
 keys-10312016xexx121.htm
 EXHIBIT 12.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 12.1 
    
  Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
  (in millions, except ratios) 

</EX-12.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 keys-10312016xexx211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1 
  LIST OF SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of subsidiary 
    Organized Under the Laws of 
      Keysight Technologies Netherlands B.V. 
    The Netherlands 
      Keysight Technologies Luxembourg Sarl  
    Luxembourg 
      Keysight Technologies Japan G.K.  
    Japan 
      Keysight Technologies Singapore (Holdings) Pte. Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Keysight Technologies Singapore (International) Pte. Ltd.  
    Singapore 
      Keysight Technologies Singapore (Sales) Pte. Ltd. 
    Singapore 
      Keysight Technologies World Trade, Inc.  
    Delaware 
      Keysight Technologies Malaysia Sdn Bhd. 
    Malaysia 
      Keysight Technologies UK Limited  
    United Kingdom 
      Anite Limited 
    United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 keys-10312016xexx231.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23.1  
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
          
   We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (333-199507) of Keysight Technologies, Inc. of our report dated December 19, 2016, relating to the combined and consolidated financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP 
    
  San Jose, California 
  December 19, 2016  

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 keys-10312016xexx311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Ronald S. Nersesian, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Keysight Technologies, Inc. ("the Registrant");  
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
       
           4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and   15d-15(f))   for the Registrant and have:  
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
           5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: 
    December 19, 2016 
      
    /s/ Ronald S. Nersesian 

Ronald S. Nersesian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 keys-10312016xexx312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  I, Neil Dougherty, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Keysight Technologies, Inc. ("the Registrant");  
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
       
           4. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and   15d-15(f))   for the Registrant and have:  
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
       
           (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
       
           (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
       
           (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and  
       
           5. 
    The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
       
           (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
       
           (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Date: 
    December 19, 2016 
      
    /s/ Neil Dougherty 

Neil Dougherty 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 keys-10312016xexx321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of Keysight Technologies, Inc. (the "Company"), on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Ronald S. Nersesian, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
    
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                     Date: 
    December 19, 2016 
      
    /s/ Ronald S. Nersesian 

Ronald S. Nersesian 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 keys-10312016xexx322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2  
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
          
  In connection with the Annual Report of Keysight Technologies, Inc. (the "Company"), on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Neil Dougherty, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
    
  (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                     Date: 
    December 19, 2016 
      
    /s/ Neil Dougherty 

Neil Dougherty 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 keys-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 keys-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 keys-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 keys-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 keys-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 keys-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

