<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1626878_0001171843-16-013213_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1933588</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68563</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>131976</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>387376</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>862999</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>437669</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>45</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-16-013213.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114153211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-16-013213
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			XBiotech Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37347
		FILM NUMBER:		161994285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. RIVERSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78744
		BUSINESS PHONE:		512-386-2930

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8201 E. RIVERSIDE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 4, SUITE 100
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78744

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-16-013213.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 f10q_111416p.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

or  

Commission File Number 001-37437  

XBIOTECH INC.  

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in charter)  

British Columbia, Canada   
       
       N/A    
 
       (State of Incorporation)   

(IRS Employer  
          Identification No.)    

8201 E. Riverside Drive, Bldg. 4, Suite 100  

  Austin, TX 78744  

  (Address of principal executive offices)(Zip Code)  

Telephone Number (512) 386-2900  

  (Registrant s telephone number, including Area Code)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the
past 90 days.     

 Yes        No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted
on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).    Yes       No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated
filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes       No    

As of November 14, 2016, there were 32,463,692 shares of the Registrant's common stock
issued and outstanding.  

XBIOTECH INC.  

  THREE MONTHS AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  

  INDEX  

PART I  FINANCIAL INFORMATION      
 
       Item 1.   
       Consolidated Financial Statements   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       6    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       7    

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three Months and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       8    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       9    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
       10    
 
       Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       18    
 
       Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       24    
 
       Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures   
       24    
 
         PART II OTHER INFORMATION      
 
       Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
       25    
 
       Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors   
       25    
 
       Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       25    
 
       Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       25    
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
       25    
 
       Item 5.   
       Other Information   
       25    
 
       Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
       26    

SIGNATURES  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, which reflect
our current views with respect to, among other things, our operations and financial performance. All statements other than statements
of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   would,   could, 
 expects,   plans,   contemplate,   anticipates,   believes,   estimates, 
 predicts,   projects,   intend  or  continue  or the negative of such terms or
other comparable terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Forward-looking statements
are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties in predicting future results and conditions that could cause the actual results
to differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to statements about: 

our ability to obtain regulatory approval to market and sell Xilonix  in the United States, Europe and elsewhere;   

the initiation, timing, cost, progress and success of our research and development programs, preclinical studies and clinical
trials for Xilonix  and other product candidates;   

our ability to advance product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials;   

our ability to successfully commercialize the sale of Xilonix  in the United States, Europe and elsewhere;   

our ability to recruit sufficient numbers of patients for our future clinical trials for our pharmaceutical products;   

our ability to achieve profitability;   

our ability to obtain funding for our operations, including research funding;   

our ability to identify additional new products using our True Human  antibody discovery platform;   

the implementation of our business model and strategic plans;   

our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates for orphan and niche indications independently;   

our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy;   

our ability to protect our intellectual property and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property
rights of others;   

our expectations regarding federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements;   

the therapeutic benefits, effectiveness and safety of our product candidates;   

the accuracy of our estimates of the size and characteristics of the markets that may be addressed by our products and product
candidates;   

the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of Xilonix  and future products, if any;   

the timing of and our collaborators  ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our product
                                                                     candidates;                                                                                               
       our expectations regarding market risk, including interest rate changes and foreign currency fluctuations;  
 
       our belief in the sufficiency of our cash flows to meet our needs for at least the next 12 to 24 months;  

our expectations regarding the timing during which we will be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act;   

our ability to engage and retain the employees required to grow our business;   

our future financial performance and projected expenditures;   

developments relating to our competitors and our industry, including the success of competing therapies that are or become
available; and   

estimates of our expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and our needs for additional financing.   

All forward looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors
that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those under the heading
 Risk Factors  included in our annual report for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016,
and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in
conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no
obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the
future. 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates,
projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain medical conditions, including
data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information
that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties
and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise
expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar
data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and
similar sources. 

XBiotech Inc.   

   Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

See accompanying notes.  

XBiotech Inc.   

   Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes.   

XBiotech Inc.  

   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes.   

XBiotech Inc.   

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

  ( in thousands) 

See accompanying notes.   

XBiotech Inc.   

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

1. Organization  

XBiotech, Inc. ( XBiotech  or  the Company ) was incorporated
in Canada on March 22, 2005. XBiotech USA Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated in Delaware, United
States ( U.S. ) in November 2007. XBiotech Schweiz AG, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated
in Zug, Switzerland in August 2010. XBiotech Japan KK, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated in Tokyo,
Japan in March 2013. XBiotech GmbH, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, was incorporated in Germany in January 2014. The
Company s headquarters are located in Austin, Texas. 

Since its inception, XBiotech has focused on advancing technology to rapidly identify
and clone antibodies from individuals that have resistance to disease. At the heart of the Company is a proprietary technical knowhow
to translate natural human immunity into therapeutic product candidates. 

In 2005, the Company began to develop a new framework for commercial manufacturing,
using technology that required less capital and fewer operators and provided greater flexibility than standard industry practices. 

With the manufacturing capability to produce its True Human TM  antibody therapy,
in 2010 the Company began a clinical trial program. The first clinical trial program at MD Anderson Cancer Center began treating
the sickest cancer patients irrespective of tumor type. Soon thereafter, the Company used the same antibody therapy in various
clinical studies at treatment centers around the U.S. and abroad to investigate the antibody effect in patients that had vascular
disease, leukemia, type 2 diabetes, psoriasis or acne. As of September 30, 2016, XBiotech's lead product, Xilonix  is in
Phase III clinical trials in the United States with a Fast Track designation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). In
Europe, Xilonix  Phase III clinical trials have been completed, and the therapy is under review following the validation
of its Market Authorization Application by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). 

The Company continues to be subject to a number of risks common to companies in similar
stages of development. Principal among these risks are the uncertainties of technological innovations, dependence on key individuals,
development of the same or similar technological innovations by the Company s competitors and protection of proprietary technology.
The Company s ability to fund its planned clinical operations, including completion of its planned trials, is expected to
depend on the amount and timing of cash receipts from future collaboration or product sales and/or financing transactions. 

2. Significant Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation   

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, or US GAAP. 

These interim unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or US GAAP, and Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC,
requirements for interim financial statements. In the Company s opinion, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial
statements have been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting
of normal, recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation. Certain information and disclosures normally included in the
notes to the annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with US GAAP have been omitted from these interim
unaudited consolidated financial statements pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Accordingly, these interim unaudited
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying
notes for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed
with the SEC on March 30, 2016. The results of operations for the three month and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 are
not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016 or for any other period. 

Basis of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported values of amounts
in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

 Prior to the completion of its initial public offering in April 2015, the Company utilized
significant estimates and assumptions in determining the fair value of its common stock. The board of directors determined the
estimated fair value of the Company s common stock based on a number of objective and subjective factors, including the prices
at which the Company sold shares of its common stock to third parties and external market conditions affecting the biotechnology
industry sector. After the initial public offering, the fair market value is calculated by using the closing price of the Company s
common stock as reported by NASDAQ. 

Research and Development Costs   

All research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development
costs include salaries and personnel-related costs, consulting fees, fees paid for contract research services, the costs of laboratory
equipment and facilities, license fees and other external costs. Costs incurred to acquire licenses for intellectual property to
be used in research and development activities with no alternative future use are expensed as incurred as research and development. 

Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for
use in research and development activities are deferred and capitalized. The capitalized amounts are expensed as the related goods
are delivered or the services are performed. 

Income Taxes   

The Company makes estimates and judgments in determining the need for a provision for
income taxes, including the estimation of its taxable income or loss for the full fiscal year. The Company has accumulated significant
deferred tax assets that reflect the tax effects of net operating losses and tax credit carryovers and temporary differences between
the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Realization
of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings. The Company is uncertain about the timing and amount of any future
earnings. Accordingly, the Company offsets these deferred tax assets with a valuation allowance. The Company may in the future
determine that certain deferred tax assets will likely be realized, in which case the Company will reduce its valuation allowance
in the period in which such determination is made. If the valuation allowance is reduced, the Company may recognize a benefit from
income taxes in its statement of operations in that period. The Company classifies interest recognized pursuant to its deferred
tax assets as interest expense, when appropriate. 

Share-Based Compensation   

The Company accounts for its share-based compensation awards in accordance with ASC Topic
718,  Compensation-Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ). ASC 718 requires all share-based payments to employees, including
grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the statements of operations based on their grant date fair values. For stock
options granted to employees and to members of the board of directors for their services on the board of directors, the Company
estimates the grant date fair value of each option award using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The use of the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model requires management to make assumptions with respect to the expected term of the option, the expected volatility
of the common stock consistent with the expected life of the option, risk-free interest rates and expected dividend yields of the
common stock. For awards subject to service-based vesting conditions, the Company recognizes share-based compensation expense,
equal to the grant date fair value of stock options on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 

Share-based compensation expense recognized for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 was included in the following line items on the Consolidated Statement of Operations (in thousands). 

Share-based compensation expense of each option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
method with the following assumptions: 

No related tax benefits were recognized for the three months and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less
when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consisted primarily of cash on deposit in U.S., German, Swiss
and Canadian banks. Cash and cash equivalents are stated at cost which approximates fair value. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist primarily
of cash and cash equivalents. The Company holds these investments in highly-rated financial institutions, and limits the amounts
of credit exposure to any one financial institution. These amounts at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has
not experienced any credit losses in such accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk on these funds.
The Company has no off-balance sheet concentrations of credit risk, such as foreign currency exchange contracts, option contracts
or other hedging arrangements. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The Company follows ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , which
establishes a fair value hierarchy for those instruments measured at fair value that distinguishes between assumptions based on
market date (observable inputs) and the Company s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three
levels: 

Level 1 Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in markets that are not active,
or inputs which are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.                                                                                                                                      

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the
measurement date.   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities
that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts reflected in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents,
prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their fair values at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, due to their short-term nature. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment, which consists of land, construction in process, furniture and
fixtures, computers and office equipment, scientific equipment, leasehold improvements and vehicles are stated at cost and depreciated
over the estimated useful lives of the assets, with the exception of land which is not depreciated and construction in process
which has not yet been placed in service. The useful lives are as follows: 

Furniture and fixtures  
      7 years   

Computers and office equipment      
      5 years   

Scientific equipment  
      5 years   

Leasehold improvements  
      Shorter of asset s useful life or remaining lease term   

Vehicles  
      5 years   

Costs of major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs, which
do not improve or extend the life of the respective assets, are charged to expense as incurred. Upon retirement or disposal, the
cost of the disposed asset and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the property and equipment, net, accounts
and the resulting gain or loss is recognized. As of September 30, 2016, XBiotech plans to spend $1.2 million more on construction
and $5.6 million more on equipment, based on the forecast. 

Building Construction in Progress  

The Company is currently preparing its new manufacturing facility to produce registration
batches of product. Data from these manufacturing runs will be submitted to EMA to support approval of the new facility. The current
plan is to submit that filing at the end of Q1 2017.The facility will not be placed into service until approval has been received. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets for potential impairment in
accordance with ASC Topic 360,  Property, Plant and Equipment . Potential impairment is assessed when there is evidence that
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered. Recoverability of these
assets is assessed based on undiscounted expected future cash flows from the assets, considering a number of factors, including
past operating results, budgets and economic projections, market trends and product development cycles. If impairments are identified,
assets are written down to their estimated fair value. The Company has not recognized any impairment through September 30, 2016. 

Foreign Currency Transactions   

Certain transactions are denominated in a currency other than the Company s functional
currency of the U.S. dollar, and the Company generates assets and liabilities that are fixed in terms of the amount of foreign
currency that will be received or paid. At each balance sheet, the Company adjusts the assets and liabilities to reflect the current
exchange rate, resulting in a translation gain or loss. Transaction gains and losses are also realized upon a settlement of a foreign
currency transaction in determining net loss for the period in which the transaction is settled. 

Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

ASC Topic 220,  Comprehensive Income , requires that all components of comprehensive
income (loss), including net income (loss), be reported in the financial statements in the period in which they are recognized.
Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances
from non-owner sources, including unrealized gains and losses on investments and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Segment and Geographic Information   

Operating segments are identified as components of an enterprise for which separate discrete
financial information is available for evaluation by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in making decisions
on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company s chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive
Officer. The Company and the chief operating decision maker view the Company s operations and manage its business as one
operating segment. Substantially all of the Company s operations are in the U.S. geographic segment. 

Net Loss Per Share   

Net loss per share ( EPS ) is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of common shares and common share equivalents outstanding (if dilutive) during each period. The number of common share equivalents,
which include stock options, is computed using the treasury stock method. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15 , Disclosure of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . The ASU is intended to define management s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. For all entities, the ASU is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods
within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the adoption of ASU
2014-15 will have on its financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). The core change with
ASU 2016-2 is the requirement for the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified
as operating leases under previous US GAAP. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the effect that the
adoption of ASU 2016-02 will have on its financial statements. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based
Payment Accounting,  or ASU 2016-09, which amends ASC Topic 718,  Compensation   Stock Compensation.  ASU
2016-09 simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences,
classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The standard is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2016, and interim periods within those years and early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating how the adoption of this standard will impact its consolidated financial statements. 

3. Income Taxes  

The Company did not provide for income taxes in 2016 because the
Company has projected net losses for all jurisdictions for the full year 2016. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance
for its net deferred tax assets in 2016 and 2015. 

4. Common Stock   

Pursuant to its Articles, the Company has an unlimited number of shares available for
issuance with no par value. 

From January to March 2015, warrants to purchase a total of 164,999 shares of common
stock were exercised at $15.00 per share for a total of $2.4 million in proceeds. Also, the Company received approximately $8,000
in January 2015 from 15,000 exercised stock options at $0.55 per share. 

On April 17, 2015, the Company sold 4.0 million shares of common stock at $19.00 per
share in its Initial Public Offering ( IPO ) resulting in net proceeds of $70.6 million. 

From April to June 2015, excluding the IPO, the Company issued 208,333 shares of common
stock for total proceeds of approximately $3.1 million from the exercise of warrants by common stock shareholders. Also, the Company
received $0.7 million from 106,000 exercised stock options. 

In July 2015, 12,000 stock options were exercised at a price of $2.50 for total proceeds
of $30,000. 

From October through December 31, 2015, 226,141 shares of common stock were issued upon
the exercise of stock option at the price $ 0.53 to $10 per share for a total of $0.6 million. 

From January through September 2016, 164,686 shares of common stock were issued upon
the exercise of stock options at a price of $ 0.78 to $19.09 per share for a total of $0.9 million. 

5. Common Stock Options   

On each of November 11, 2005 and March 13, 2015, the board of directors of the Company adopted a
stock option plan (collectively,  the Plans ). Options may no longer be granted under the Plan adopted in 2005, and
under the Plan adopted in 2015, the Company may grant incentive or non-qualified stock options to directors, officers, employees
or consultants of the Company or its affiliates. 

All options will be non-transferable and may be exercised only by the participant, or
in the event of the death of the participant, a legal representative until the earlier of the options  expiry date or the
first anniversary of the participant s death, or such other date as may be specified by the Compensation Committee. 

The term of the options is at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, but may not
exceed 10 years from the grant date. The options expire on the earlier of the expiration date or the date three months following
the day on which the participant ceases to be a director, officer or employee of or consultant to the Company, or in the event
of the termination of the participant with cause, the date of such termination. 

The number of common shares reserved for issuance to any one person pursuant to the Plans shall not, in
aggregate, exceed 5% of the total number of outstanding common shares. The exercise price per common share under each option will
be the fair market value of such shares at the time of the grant. Upon stock option exercise, the Company issues new shares of
common stock. 

A summary of changes in common stock options issued under the Plans is as follows: 

As of September 30, 2016, there was approximately $5.1 million of unrecognized compensation
cost, related to stock options granted under the Plan which will be amortized to stock compensation expense over the next 2.29
years. 

6. Net Loss Per Share  

The following summarizes the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

The following potentially dilutive securities outstanding, prior to the use of the treasury
stock method or if-converted method, have been excluded from the computation of diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding,
because including them would have had an anti-dilutive effect due to the losses reported. 

7. Commitments and Contingencies  

Regarding the previously disclosed securities class action complaints, a motion to dismiss
filed by our counsel in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas was granted with prejudice on October 7, 2016. 
Plaintiffs in the California case did not refile in Texas after being given the opportunity, therefore litigation continues in
California.  No trial or other dates have been set.  We are unable to estimate the outcome of the California matter
or the resulting financial impact to us, if any. 

8. Subsequent Events  

On September 26, 2016, the Company entered into a Common Stock Sales Agreement with
H.C. Wainwright   Co. LLC which establishes an at-the-market equity program pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares
of our common stock, no par value per share, from time to time as set forth in the Sales Agreement. The Sales Agreement provides
for the sale of shares of our Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,260,000.  Sales of Shares under
the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016, and a related Prospectus Supplement filed with the SEC on September 26,
2016. On November 1, 2016, we sold 100,000 shares of common stock at a price of $13.60 per share for a total gross proceeds of
approximately $1.36 million 

Item 2.     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Overview  

XBiotech is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company engaged in
discovering and developing True Human  monoclonal antibodies for treating a variety of different diseases. True Human 
monoclonal antibodies are those which occur naturally in human beings as opposed to being derived from animal immunization
technologies or otherwise engineered. We believe that naturally occurring monoclonal antibodies have the potential to be safer
and more effective than their non-naturally occurring counterparts. While primarily focused on bringing our lead product candidate
to market, we have also developed a proprietary True Human  monoclonal antibody discovery platform and manufacturing system. 

We have never been profitable and, as of September 30, 2016, we
had an accumulated deficit of $167.0 million. We had net losses of $12.5 million and $36.4 million for three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $10.7 million and $25.6 million for three months and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively. We expect to incur significant and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future as we advance
our drug candidates from discovery through preclinical testing and clinical trials and seek regulatory approval and eventual commercialization.
In addition to these increasing research and development expenses, we expect general and administrative costs to increase as we
add personnel and continue to operate as a public company. We will need to generate significant revenues to achieve profitability,
and we may never do so. As of September 30, 2016, we had 106 employees. 

Recent Events:  

XBiotech's marketing authorization application for Xilonix  for the treatment of
colorectal cancer remains on schedule to possibly achieve a decision in 2016 by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). 

The phase III colorectal cancer study being conducted under a Fast Track designation
from the FDA remains on-track. This study is randomized 2:1 with patients receiving Xilonix  or placebo plus best supportive
care with a primary endpoint of overall survival. 

The phase 2 study of Xilonix  in subjects with Pyoderma Gangrenosum has been completed
and data is being finalized. 

The Company s Phase I/II clinical study assessing 514G3 as a treatment of  Staphylococcus
Aureus  Bacteremia remains on course with potential enrollment completion by end of year. 

The Company is currently preparing the new manufacturing facility to produce registration
batches of product. Data from these manufacturing runs will be submitted to EMA to support approval of the new facility. The current
plan is to submit that filing at the end of Q1 2017.The facility will not be placed into service until approval has been received. 

Revenues   

To date, we have not generated any revenue. Our ability to generate
revenue and become profitable depends on our ability to successfully commercialize our lead product candidate, Xilonix ,
or any other product candidate we may advance in the future. 

Research and Development Expenses   

Research and development expense consists of expenses incurred in connection with identifying and developing
our drug candidates. These expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, share-based compensation, the purchase
of equipment, laboratory and manufacturing supplies, facility costs, costs for preclinical and clinical research, development of
quality control systems, quality assurance programs and manufacturing processes. We charge all research and development expenses
to operations as incurred. 

Clinical development timelines, likelihood of success and total
costs vary widely. We do not currently track our internal research and development costs or our personnel and related costs on
an individual drug candidate basis. We use our research and development resources, including employees and our drug discovery technology,
across multiple drug development programs. As a result, we cannot state precisely the costs incurred for each of our research and
development programs or our clinical and preclinical drug candidates. From inception through September 30, 2016, we have recorded
total research and development expenses, including share-based compensation, of $129.9 million. Our total research and development
expenses for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $9.8 million and $28.8 million, respectively, compared
to $9.7 million and $20.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Share-based compensation
accounted for $0.6 million and $1.7 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared
to $0.7 million and $1.7 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Research and development expenses, as a percentage of total operating expenses for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 were 78% and 79%, respectively, compared to 90% and 82% for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The percentages,  excluding  share-based compensation, for the three months and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 were 81% and 84%, respectively, compared to 91% and 87% for the three months and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Based on the results of our preclinical studies, we anticipate that
we will select drug candidates and research projects for further development on an ongoing basis in response to their preclinical
and clinical success as well as commercial potential. For research and development candidates in early stages of development, it
is premature to estimate when material net cash inflows from these projects might occur. 

Increased research and development costs for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 were anticipated and primarily due to Phase II and Phase III studies related to XBiotech s research and
development programs in Xilonix  and 514G3 as well as laboratory and manufacturing supplies purchased for general manufacturing
activities and for the new facility. 

Due to the fact that our drug candidates are in the early stage of
development, we cannot estimate anticipated completion dates and when we might receive material net cash inflows from our research
and development projects. 

General and Administrative Expenses   

General and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and related expenses for personnel in
administrative, finance, business development and human resource functions, as well as the legal costs of pursuing patent protection
of our intellectual property and patent filing and maintenance expenses, stock based compensation, professional fees for
legal services, and public relations expenses. Our total general and administration expenses for the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $2.7 million and $7.5 million, respectively, compared to $1.0 million and $4.5 million for the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Stock-based compensation accounted for $0.6 million and $2.3 million
for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $0.2 million and $1.7 million for the
three months and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of our Financial
Condition and Results of Operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States, or US GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and expenses incurred during the reported
periods. 

We base estimates on our historical experience, known trends and
various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies are more fully described
in the notes to our financial statements appearing in this prospectus, we believe that the following accounting policies are the
most critical to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 

Share-Based Compensation   

Share-based awards are measured at fair value at each grant date.
We recognize share-based compensation expenses ratably over the requisite service period of the option award. 

Determination of the Fair Value of Share-Based Compensation Grants    

The determination of the fair value of share-based compensation
arrangements is affected by a number of variables, including estimates of the fair value of our common stock, expected stock price
volatility, risk-free interest rate and the expected life of the award. We value stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, which was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that are fully transferable and have no vesting
restrictions. Black-Scholes and other option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the
expected stock price volatility. If we made different assumptions, our share-based compensation expenses, net loss, and net loss
per common share could be significantly different. Prior to our IPO in April 2015, we issued common stock for cash consideration
to new investors. We believe that such transactions represent the best evidence of fair value of our common stock. After our IPO,
we determine that the fair value of common stock equal to the closing price of the Company s common stock as reported by
NASDAQ on the option grant date. 

The following summarizes the assumptions used for estimating the
fair value of share-based compensation for the stock options granted during the periods indicated: 

We have assumed no dividend yield because we do not expect to pay
dividends in the foreseeable future, which is consistent with our past practice. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based
on observed interest rates for U.S. Treasury securities with maturities consistent with the expected life of our stock options.
The expected life represents the period of time the stock options are expected to be outstanding and is based on the simplified
method when the stock option includes  plain vanilla  terms. Under the simplified method, the expected life of an option
is presumed to be the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the agreement term. We used the simplified method due to
the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to otherwise estimate the expected life
of the stock options. For stock options that did not include  plain vanilla  terms we used the contractual life of
the stock option as the expected life. Such stock options consisted primarily of options issued to our board of directors that
were immediately vested at issuance. Due to the lack of sufficient trading history for our common stock, expected volatility is
based on historical volatilities for publicly traded stock of comparable companies over the estimated expected life of the stock
options. 

We based our estimate of pre-vesting forfeitures, or forfeiture
rate, on historical forfeiture rates. We apply the estimated forfeiture rate to the total estimated fair value of the awards,
as derived from the Black-Scholes model, to compute the share-based compensation expenses, net of pre-vesting forfeitures, to
be recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. 

Results of Operations   

Revenue   

We did not record any revenue during the three months and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Expenses   

Research and Development  

Research and Development costs are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

We do not currently track our internal research and development
costs or our personnel and related costs on an individual drug candidate basis. We use our research and development resources,
including employees and our drug discovery technology, across multiple drug development programs. As a result, we cannot state
precisely the costs incurred for each of our research and development programs or our clinical and preclinical drug candidates. 

Research and development expenses increased to $9.8 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $9.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Research and
development expenses increased by 38% to $28.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $20.9 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The three months difference in research and development expenses
was mainly due to a $1.5 million decrease in clinical trial activities, related to a Europe trial started in 2015 and completed
in early 2016, offset by a continued increase in laboratory and manufacturing supplies expense due to an increase in manufacturing
activities as well as manufacturing supplies purchased for the new facility. Salaries and related expenses continued to increase
due to the growing size of the workforce. 

Compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the research
and development expense increase in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily caused by substantial growth in laboratory
and manufacturing operations which led to an increase in purchased supplies. Labor costs also increased due to a rise in current
employees  salaries as well as an increase in the Research and Development workforce from 58 to 80. Clinical trial expenses
increased due to an expansion of clinical sites globally. 

General and Administrative  

General and administrative costs are summarized as follows (in thousands): 

General and administrative expenses increased 148% to $2.7 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. General and
administrative expenses increased 66% to $7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 compared to $4.5 million for
the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The three months increase was primarily related to a $1.0 million
increase in fees related to commercialization activities in Europe. The increase in stock based compensation expense was
due to the grant of stock options to board members in September 2016. The increase is also attributable to salaries and related
expenses, which continued to increase due to the onboarding of new employees in 2016. 

The nine months increase was principally due to a $0.5 million salary increase from growth of our
workforce, and a $1.4 million increase in the fees related to commercialization activities in Europe. Share-based compensation
also increased by $0.6 million due to the grant of stock options to outside board members in March and September 2016. Other reasons
for increases included insurance, travel expense and recruiting activities. 

Other income    

The following table summarizes other income (in thousands): 

Other income consists primarily of a $25 thousand foreign exchange
loss for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a $78 thousand gain for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
Also, foreign exchange loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $41 thousand, compared to $155 thousand for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Our cash requirements could change materially as a result of the
progress of our research and development and clinical programs, licensing activities, acquisitions, divestitures or other corporate
developments. 

Since our inception on March 22, 2005 through September 30,
2016, we have funded our operations principally through the sales of equity securities in private and public transactions, which
have provided aggregate cash proceeds of approximately $287.9 million. The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash
(in thousands): 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our operating
activities used net cash of $33.2 million and $22.6 million, respectively. The use of net cash in each of these periods primarily
resulted from our net losses. The increase in net loss from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was mainly due to increases in clinical trial activities, labor cost and manufacturing
supplies. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our investing
activities used net cash of $11.9 million and $6.6 million, respectively. We spent approximately $3.0 million more on the construction
of new facilities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. We also
spent approximately $2.3 million more on scientific equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, our financing
activities provided net cash proceeds of $0.9 million and $77.5 million, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, employees exercised stock options to purchase a total of 164,686 shares of common stock. In April 2015, we sold an aggregate
of 4,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price of $19.00 per share and received IPO proceeds of $76.0 million and incurred
offering costs of $5.4 million, which consisted of underwriters  commission as well as direct incremental legal, accounting
and other professional service fees related to our IPO. 

On September 26, 2016, we entered into a Common Stock Sales Agreement
with H.C. Wainwright   Co. LLC which establishes an at-the-market equity program pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares
of our common stock, no par value per share, from time to time as set forth in the Sales Agreement. The Sales Agreement provides
for the sale of shares of our Common Stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $50,260,000.  Sales of Shares under
the Sales Agreement will be made pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission on September 1, 2016, and a related Prospectus Supplement filed with the SEC on September 26,
2016. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments  

On January 12, 2008, we entered a lease agreement to lease our facility
in Austin, Texas. On September 15, 2010, we entered into a second lease agreement to lease additional space in Austin, Texas. On
March 20, 2014, we extended the lease for an additional 21 months on the same terms and rental rates as the current lease. Rent
expense was $181 thousand and $164 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. On February 28,
2015, we extended the lease for another 4 years. The future minimum lease payments are as follows as of September 30, 2016 (in
thousands): 

Concerning the new manufacturing facility, the total estimated future
payment to our general contractor is $1.2 million and to purchase new equipment is $5.6 million. The last payment is expected to
occur in Q4 2016. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

Since inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities,
including the use of structured finance, special purpose entities or variable interest entities. 

Item 3.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure of Market Risks   

The Company is not currently exposed to material market risk arising
from financial instruments, changes in interest rates or commodity prices, or fluctuations in foreign currencies. The Company currently
engages in no hedging activities. 

Item 4.
Controls and Procedures   

Management's Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q, an evaluation was carried out by the Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and
Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or furnishes under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and regulations, and are operating in an effective
manner. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
our internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures   

In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  

Regarding the previously disclosed securities class action complaints, a motion to dismiss filed by our
counsel in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Texas was granted with prejudice on October 7, 2016.  Plaintiffs
in the California case did not refile in Texas after being given the opportunity, therefore litigation continues in California. 
No trial or other dates have been set.  We are unable to estimate the outcome of the California matter or the resulting financial
impact to us, if any. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There have been no material changes to the risk factors included in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Please carefully consider the information set forth in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the risk factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results.
The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other risks and uncertainties, could materially and adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could materially and adversely affect the trading
price of shares of our Common Stock. Additional risks not currently known or currently material to us may also harm our business. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Not Applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

Not Applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not Applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

Not Applicable. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

10.1 
      
     Common Stock Sales Agreement, dated September 23, 2016, between XBiotech Inc. and H.C. Wainwright  
Co. LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September
26, 2016).  

31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

31.2  
       
      Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

32.1  

Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
        Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C.  1350. 

101  
       
      The following financial statements from the XBiotech Inc. Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in Extensive Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) condensed consolidated balance sheets, (ii) condensed consolidated statements of operations, (iii) condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, (iv) condensed consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (detail tagged).   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:  November 14, 2016  

XBIOTECH INC.  

By:   
       
      /S/ John Simard   

John Simard   

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director ( Principal Executive
        Officer ) 

Date: November 14, 2016  
       
      By:  
       
      /S/ Queena Han   

Queena Han   

Vice President, Finance and Human Resources, and Secretary ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer )   

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, John Simard, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of XBiotech Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the 

 circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/S/ John Simard   

John Simard  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Queena Han, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of XBiotech Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls
and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including
its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

(b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control
over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of
internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/S/ Queena Han   

Queena Han  

Vice President, Finance and Human
Resources and Secretary  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of XBiotech Inc. on Form
10-Q for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, John Simard, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of XBiotech Inc. 

/S/ JOHN SIMARD    

John Simard  

Chief Executive Officer and President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of XBiotech Inc. on Form
10-Q for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the  Report ), I, Queena Han, Vice President of Finance, Human Resources and Secretary of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best
of my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of XBiotech Inc. 

/S/ QUEENA HAN    

Queena Han  

Vice President, Finance and  
Human Resources and Secretary  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

Date: November 14, 2016  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 xbit-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 xbit-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 xbit-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 xbit-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 xbit-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 xbit-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

