<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1066684_0001144204-16-133165_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1710204</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98604</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>113092</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>349862</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>675870</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>433216</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133165.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110134535
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			THEGLOBE COM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001066684
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-ADVERTISING [7310]
		IRS NUMBER:				141782422
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25053
		FILM NUMBER:		161987208

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 EAST BROWARD BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1400
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954 769 5900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 029006
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33302

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133165.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 v452175_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016 

OR 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _______
TO _________  

COMMISSION FILE NO. 0-25053  

THEGLOBE.COM, INC.  

 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN
ITS CHARTER) 

STATE OF DELAWARE  
       
      14-1782422   
 
      (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF  
       
      (I.R.S. EMPLOYER   
 
      INCORPORATION OR ORGANIZATION)  
       
      IDENTIFICATION NO.)   

1500 CORDOVA ROAD, SUITE 302 

  FORT LAUDERDALE, FL. 33316  

 (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) 

(954) 769 - 5900  

 (Registrant's telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.       Yes        
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes      
No         

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  small reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.  (check one) 

Large accelerated filer  
            
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
            (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes      
  No       

The number of shares outstanding of the
Registrant's Common Stock, $.001 par value (the  Common Stock ) as of November 1, 2016 was 441,484,838. 

THEGLOBE.COM, INC.  

  FORM 10-Q  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I:  
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
      1   

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
       1   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      1   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      2   

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      3   

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      4   

Item 2.  
       Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      9   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
      13   

PART II:  
       OTHER INFORMATION   
       13   

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
      13   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
      13   

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      16   

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      17   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
      17   

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
      17   

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
      17   

SIGNATURES   
      18   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1.  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  THEGLOBE.COM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

THEGLOBE.COM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

THEGLOBE.COM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

See notes to unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

THEGLOBE.COM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

(1) ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

DESCRIPTION OF THEGLOBE.COM 

theglobe.com, inc. (the  Company 
or  theglobe ) was incorporated on May 1, 1995 (inception) and commenced operations on that date.  Originally,
theglobe.com was an online community with registered members and users in the United States and abroad.  However, due to the
deterioration of the online advertising market, the Company was forced to restructure and ceased the operations of its online community
on August 15, 2001.  The Company then sold most of its remaining online and offline properties.  The Company continued
to operate its Computer Games print magazine and the associated CGOnline website, as well as the e-commerce games distribution
business of Chips   Bits.  On June 1, 2002, Chairman Michael S. Egan and Director Edward A. Cespedes became Chief Executive
Officer and President of the Company, respectively.  On November 14, 2002, the Company entered into the Voice over Internet
Protocol ( VoIP ) business by acquiring certain VoIP assets. 

On May 9, 2005, the Company exercised an
option to acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of Tralliance Corporation ( Tralliance ), an entity which had
been designated as the registry for the  .travel  top-level domain through an agreement with the Internet Corporation
for Assigned Names and Numbers ( ICANN ). 

As more fully discussed in Note 3,  Discontinued
Operations,  in March 2007, management and the Board of Directors of the Company made the decision to (i) cease all activities
related to its computer games businesses, including discontinuing the operations of its magazine publications, games distribution
business and related websites; and (ii) discontinue the operating, research and development activities of its VoIP telephony services
business and terminate all of the remaining employees of that business. 

On September 29, 2008, the Company sold
its Tralliance business and issued 229,000,000 shares of its Common Stock to a company controlled by Michael S. Egan, the Company s
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  As a result of the sale of its Tralliance business, the Company became a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934) with no material operations or assets.  Certain matters,
as more fully discussed in Note 2,  Liquidity and Going Concern Considerations,  raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION 

The condensed consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries from their respective dates of acquisition. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
included herein have been prepared in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Certain information and note disclosures
normally included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have
been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations relating to interim condensed consolidated financial statements. 

In the opinion of management, the accompanying
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments,
necessary to present fairly the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for such periods are not necessarily indicative
of results expected for the full year or for any future period. 

USE OF ESTIMATES 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates and assumptions
relate primarily to valuations of accounts payable and accrued expenses. Our estimates, judgments and assumptions are continually
evaluated based upon available information and experience. Because of estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual
results could differ from those estimates.   

NET INCOME PER SHARE 

The Company reports basic and diluted net
income per common share in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 260,  Earnings Per Share.   Basic earnings per share
is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares consist
of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and warrants (using the treasury stock method). Common
equivalent shares are excluded from the calculation if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Due to the anti-dilutive effect of potentially
dilutive securities or common stock equivalents that could be issued, such securities were excluded from the diluted net loss per
common share calculation for all periods presented. Such potentially dilutive securities and common stock equivalents consisted
of the following for the periods ended September 30: 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Management has determined that all recently
issued accounting pronouncements will not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements or do not apply to
the Company s operations. 

(2) LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN CONSIDERATIONS  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
However, for the reasons described below, Company management does not believe that cash on hand and cash flow generated internally
by the Company will be adequate to fund its limited overhead and other cash requirements beyond a short period of time. These reasons
raise significant doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since 2008, the Company was able to continue
operating as a going concern due principally to funding of $500,000 received during 2008 under a Revolving Loan Agreement with
an entity controlled by Michael S. Egan, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a total of approximately $2,437,000 received
during 2009 through the second quarter of 2015 under an Earn-out Agreement with an entity also controlled by Mr. Egan, as well
as the forbearance of its creditors. The Earn-out period expired on May 5, 2015, with the final pro-rated payment of $37,000 received
by the Company in May 2015. More recently, as more fully described in Note 4,  Debt,  the Company received fundings
of $50,000 each in both March 2016 and November 2016 under Promissory Notes entered into with the same entity that provided funding
under the Revolving Loan Agreement (the  2016 Promissory Notes ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net working capital deficit of approximately $1,826,000.  Such working capital deficit included (i) a total of approximately
$963,000 in principal and accrued interest owed under the aforementioned Revolving Loan Agreement; (ii) a total of approximately
$710,000 in management service fees owed under a Master Services Agreement to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan; (iii) a total of
approximately $131,000 of accrued officer compensation due primarily to Mr. Egan; and (iv) an aggregate of approximately $29,000
in unsecured accounts payable and accrued expenses owed to non-related third parties. 

During the second quarter of 2015, a former
VoIP telephony service vendor agreed to forgive the remaining accounts payable balance of approximately $41,000 owed by the Company
to such vendor. Accordingly, such amount was written off the balance sheet and a corresponding gain on forgiveness of debt is included
within Discontinued Operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. 

During the fourth quarter of 2014, the
Company derecognized approximately $84,000 of old accrued expenses related to its former Tralliance business (including $33,000
of disputed liabilities) based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities had
lapsed. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company derecognized approximately $296,000 of old liabilities of its former Tralliance
business, including approximately $170,000 of disputed accounts payable owed to 2 former vendors and accrued expenses totaling
approximately $126,000, based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities had
lapsed. As more fully described in Note 3,  Discontinued Operations,  the Company derecognized approximately $1,354,000
of old liabilities of its former VoIP telephony service business, including approximately $1,000,000 of disputed liabilities, during
the fourth quarter of 2012 based upon our belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
has lapsed. There can be no assurance that the holders of derecognized account payables will agree with our application of statutes
of limitation to time bar claims related to such payables nor seek to assert a basis to toll or suspend the running of the otherwise
applicable statutes of limitation. 

As discussed previously, on September 29,
2008, the Company (i) sold the business and substantially all of the assets of its Tralliance Corporation subsidiary to Tralliance
Registry Management, and (ii) issued 229,000,000 shares of its Common Stock (the  Shares ) to Registry Management (the
 Purchase Transaction ). Tralliance Registry Management and Registry Management are entities controlled by Michael
S. Egan. The closing of the Purchase Transaction resulted in the cancellation of all of the Company s remaining Convertible
Debt, related accrued interest and rent and accounts payable owed to entities controlled by Mr. Egan as of the date of closing
(totaling approximately $6,400,000). However, as of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to be obligated to repay its principal
borrowings totaling $550,000, plus accrued interest of $413,000, due to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan under the aforementioned
Revolving Loan Agreement and March 2016 Promissory Note, as well as its recent $50,000 borrowing from Dancing Bear under the November
2016 Promissory Note. 

As additional consideration under the Purchase
Transaction, Tralliance Registry Management was obligated to pay an earn-out to theglobe equal to 10% (subject to certain minimums)
of Tralliance Registry Management s net revenue (as defined) derived from  .travel  names registered by Tralliance
Registry Management from September 29, 2008 through May 5, 2015 (the  Earn-out ). The minimum Earn-out payable by Tralliance
Registry Management to theglobe was $300,000 in the first year, increasing by $25,000 in each subsequent year (pro-rated for the
final year of the Earn-out). As discussed earlier, the final Earn-out payment of approximately $37,000 was made in May 2015 and
the Earn-out Agreement has now expired. 

In connection with the closing of the Purchase
Transaction, the Company also entered into a Master Services Agreement with an entity controlled by Mr. Egan whereby for a fee
of $20,000 per month ($240,000 per annum) such entity will provide personnel and services to the Company so as to enable it to
continue its existence as a public company without the necessity of any full-time employees of its own. Additionally, commensurate
with the closing of the Purchase Transaction, Termination Agreements with each of its current executive officers, which terminated
their previous and then existing employment agreements, were executed. Notwithstanding the termination of these employment agreements,
each of our current executive officers and directors remain as executive officers and directors of the Company. 

Immediately following the closing of the
Purchase Transaction, theglobe became a shell company with no material operations or assets, and no source of revenue other than
under the Earn-out.  It is expected that theglobe s future operating expenses as a public shell company will consist
primarily of expenses incurred under the aforementioned Master Services Agreement and other customary public company expenses,
including legal, audit and other miscellaneous public company costs.   

MANAGEMENT S PLANS  

On a short term liquidity basis, the Company
must receive the continued indulgence of its primary creditor, Mr. Egan, including the continued forebearance of Mr. Egan and related
entities in making demand for payment for amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement, the 2016 Promissory Notes and
the Master Services Agreement, in order to continue as a going concern. 

It is the Company s preference to
avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, based upon the Company s current financial condition
as discussed above, management believes that additional debt or equity capital will need to be raised in order for theglobe to
continue to operate as a going concern on a long-term basis. Any such equity capital would likely come from Mr. Egan, as the Company
currently has no access to credit facilities and has traditionally relied on borrowings from related parties to meet short-term
liquidity needs. Any such capital would likely result in very substantial dilution in the number of outstanding shares of the Company s
Common Stock. Given theglobe s current financial condition, it has no intent to seek to acquire or start any new businesses.
The Company intends to use the proceeds from the 2016 Promissory Notes and seek other loans from Mr. Egan and related entities,
if necessary, to fund its public company operating costs while it explores its options related to the future of theglobe. 

(3)  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

In March 2007, management and the Board
of Directors of the Company decided to discontinue the operating, research and development activities of its VoIP telephony services
business and terminate all of the remaining employees of the business.     The Company s decision to discontinue
the operations of its VoIP telephony services business was based primarily on the historical losses sustained by this business,
management s expectations of continued losses for the foreseeable future and estimates of the amount of capital required
to successfully monetize this business. All elements of its VoIP telephony services business shutdown plan were completed by the
Company in 2007 except for the resolution of certain disputed vendor accounts payables, totaling approximately $1,000,000, and
the payment of remaining non-disputed accounts payable. The disputed accounts payables related primarily to telecommunications
network service fees charged by various former telecommunication vendors during the period from 2004 to 2007. These charges were
disputed by the Company primarily due to such items as incorrect quantities, rates, in-service dates, regulatory fees/charges,
late fees and contract termination charges. 

During the fourth quarter of 2012, the
Company re-evaluated all remaining liabilities of its VoIP telephony services business in light of the passage of time and applicable
state statute of limitation laws. Based upon this re-evaluation, the Company derecognized accounts payable liabilities related
to six (6) former telecommunication vendors totaling approximately $1,354,000, including the disputed liabilities of approximately
$1,000,000 discussed earlier, from its balance sheet at December 31, 2012. As discussed earlier in Note 2,  Liquidity and
Going Concern Considerations,  a former telephony services business vendor agreed to forgive its remaining account balance
of approximately $41,000 during the second quarter of 2015. Accordingly, there are no Discontinued Operations liabilities at September
30, 2016. 

(4) DEBT  

Debt consists of notes payables due to a related party, as summarized
below: 

On June 6, 2008, the Company and its subsidiaries,
as guarantors, entered into a Revolving Loan Agreement with Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. ( Dancing Bear ), pursuant
to which Dancing Bear may loan up to $500,000 to the Company on a revolving basis (the  Credit Line ). Dancing Bear
is controlled by Michael S. Egan, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In connection with its entry into the Credit Line,
the Company borrowed $100,000 under the Credit Line. Subsequently, during the remainder of 2008, the Company made additional borrowings
totaling the final $400,000 available under the Credit Line. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, outstanding principal
of $500,000 and accrued interest of $410,631 and $373,234 respectively, related to this Line of Credit have been reflected as current
liabilities in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. Related Party Interest Expense related to the Credit Line of $37,397 was
recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations during both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

On May 7, 2009, the Company entered into
a Note and Modification Agreement with Dancing Bear, which amended the repayment terms of the Revolving Loan Agreement. Under the
terms of the Note Modification Agreement, from and after June 6, 2009 (the original maturity date of the Credit Line), all amounts
due under the Revolving Loan Agreement, including principal and accrued interest, will be due and payable by the Company in one
lump sum on the earlier of (i) five (5) business days following any demand for payment, which demand can be made by Dancing Bear
at any time; or (ii) upon the occurrence of an event of default, as defined in the Revolving Loan Agreement. All funds borrowed
under the Credit Line may be prepaid in whole or in part, without penalty, at any time during the term of the Credit Line. 

In connection with the Credit Line, the
Company executed and delivered a promissory note to Dancing Bear in the amount of $500,000 bearing interest at ten percent (10%)
per annum on the principal amount then outstanding. The Company s subsidiaries unconditionally guaranteed the Credit Line
by entering into an Unconditional Guaranty Agreement. All amounts outstanding from time to time under the Credit Line are secured
by a lien on all assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement with Dancing Bear. 

On March 23, 2016, the Company entered
into a $50,000 promissory note (the  March 2016 Promissory Note ) with, and borrowed the full amount of such promissory
note from, Dancing Bear. The promissory note is unsecured and initially matured and was due on the first to occur of (i) September
22, 2016, or (ii) an event of default as defined under the promissory note. On September 20, 2016, the Company entered into a Note
and Modification Agreement with Dancing Bear. Under the terms of the Note Modification Agreement, from and after September 22,
2016 (the original maturity date of promissory note) all amounts due under the promissory note, including principal and accrued
interest, will be due and payable on the earlier of (i) five (5) business days following any demand for payment, which demand can
be made by Dancing Bear at any time; or (ii) an event of default as defined under the promissory note. Interest at the rate of
10% per annum is payable by the Company on all unpaid borrowings under the promissory note. The Company used the proceeds from
the promissory note to pay its public company operating costs from March 2016 to September 2016. For the period from March 23,
2016 until September 30, 2016, the Company accrued $2,632 of interest expense on the promissory note. 

On November 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a second $50,000 promissory note (the  November 2016 Promissory Note ) with, and borrowed the full amount of such
promissory note from, Dancing Bear. The promissory note is unsecured and matures with all amounts due, including principal and
accrued interest, on the earlier of (i) five (5) business days following any demand for payment, which demand can be made by Dancing
Bear at any time; or (ii) an event of default as defined under the promissory note. The Company intends to use the proceeds from
the promissory note to pay its public company operating costs over a short period of time. 

The Company has no ability to repay any
of the loans discussed above should Dancing Bear demand payment. 

(5) STOCK OPTION PLANS  

As of September 30, 2016, there were no
shares available for grant under the Company s stock option plans and remaining stock options outstanding and exercisable
expired in August 2016. 

There were no stock option grants or exercises
during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Stock option activity during the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was as follows: 

Stock compensation cost is recognized on
a straight-line basis over the vesting period. At September 30, 2016, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to
unvested stock options. 

(6)     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

On June 6, 2008, the Company entered into
a Revolving Loan Agreement with Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. ( Dancing Bear ), pursuant to which Dancing Bear may
loan up to $500,000 to the Company on a revolving basis (the  Credit Line ).   Dancing Bear is an entity
controlled by Michael S. Egan, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  During 2008 the Company made borrowings
totaling the full amount of the $500,000 Credit Line.  At September 30, 2016, outstanding principal and accrued interest under
the Credit Line totaled $500,000 and $410,631, respectively.  During both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
interest expense related to the Credit Line of $37,397 was recorded.  All borrowings under the Credit Line, including accrued
interest on borrowed funds at the rate of 10% per annum, were initially due and payable in one lump sum on the first anniversary
of the Credit Line, or June 6, 2009, or sooner upon the occurrence of an event of default under the loan documentation.  On
May 7, 2009, such repayment terms were amended so as to require the Company to repay any or all amounts due under the Credit Line
in one lump sum on the earlier of (i) five business days following any demand for payment that is made on or after June 6,
2009, or (ii) the occurrence of an event of default as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement. All borrowings under the Revolving
Loan Agreement are secured by a pledge of all the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company received minimum Earn-out installment payments from Tralliance Registry Management Company LLC ( Tralliance
Registry Management ) totaling $0 and $149,625, respectively, under an Earn-out Agreement entered into on September 29, 2008
by and between Tralliance Registry Management and the Company. Such Earn-out payments have been recorded as related party income
in our condensed consolidated statements of operations.  Tralliance Registry Management is an entity controlled by Michael
S. Egan, and each of our two remaining executive officers and Board members, Edward A. Cespedes, our President, and Robin S. Lebowitz,
our Vice President of Finance, who own a minority interest in The Registry Management Company, LLC, the parent company of Tralliance
Registry Management. 

During both the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid $0 in management services fees to Dancing Bear and recorded related party transactions expense
of $180,000 and $180,000, respectively, in its condensed consolidated statement of operations, under a Master Services Agreement
entered into on September 29, 2008 by and between Dancing Bear and the Company.   At September 30, 2016, a total of $709,570
in management service fees remains unpaid and is accrued on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

On March 23, 2016, the Company entered
into a $50,000 promissory note (the  March 2016 Promissory Note ) with, and borrowed the full amount of such promissory
note from, Dancing Bear. The promissory note is unsecured and bears interest at the rate of 10% per annum. All unpaid borrowings
under the promissory note as amended on September 20, 2016 (see Note 4  Debt ), including accrued interest, are due
and payable by the Company in one lump sum on the earlier of (i) five (5) business days following any demand for payment by Dancing
Bear, which demand can be made at any time; or (ii) the occurrence of an event of default as defined in the promissory note. From
the period from March 23, 2016 to September 30, 2016, the Company accrued interest expense of $2,632 on the promissory note. 

On November 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a second $50,000 promissory note (the  November 2016 Promissory Note ) with, and borrowed the full amount of such
promissory note from, Dancing Bear. See Note 4  Debt  for further details. 

(7)     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

The Company s management evaluated subsequent events through
the time of the filing of this report on Form 10-Q. The Company s management is not aware of any significant events that
occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date but prior to the filing of this report that would have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements except for the following: 

On November 7, 2016, the Company entered
into a $50,000 promissory note (the  November 2016 Promissory Note ) with, and borrowed the full amount of such promissory
note from, Dancing Bear. See Note 4  Debt  for further details. 

ITEM 2.   
       MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS  

This Form 10-Q contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology, such as  may,   will,   should, 
 could,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   project, 
 predict,   intend,   potential  or  continue  or the negative of such terms or other comparable
terminology, although not all forward-looking statements contain such terms. In addition, these forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements regarding:  

our ability to successfully resolve disputed liabilities;   

our ability to raise additional and sufficient capital;   

our ability to continue to operate as a going concern; and   

the continued forbearance of certain related parties from making demand for payment under certain contractual obligations of, and loans, to the Company.   

These statements are only predictions.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. We are not required to and do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements after the date of this Form 10-Q or to conform these statements to actual results. In light of these risks, uncertainties
and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this Form 10-Q might not occur. Actual results, levels of activity, performance,
achievements and events may vary significantly from those implied by the forward-looking statements. A description of risks that
could cause our results to vary appears under  Risk Factors  and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The following discussion
should be read together in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related
notes thereto and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to those statements contained in the Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

OVERVIEW  

On September 29, 2008, theglobe.com, inc.
consummated the sale of the business and substantially all of the assets of its Tralliance Corporation subsidiary to Tralliance
Registry Management Company, LLC, an entity controlled by Michael S. Egan, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
As a result of and on the effective date of the sale of its Tralliance business, which was theglobe s remaining operating
business, theglobe became a  shell company,  as that term is defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, with no material
operations or assets. 

As part of the consideration for the sale
of its Tralliance business, theglobe received earn-out rights from Tralliance Registry Management ( Earn-out ), which
constitutes the only source of revenue for theglobe as a shell company.  theglobe s operating expenses as a shell company
consist of customary public company expenses, including accounting, financial reporting, legal, audit and other related public
company costs. 

In March 2007, management and the Board
of Directors of the Company made the decision to cease all activities related to its VoIP telephony services business. Results
of operations for the VoIP telephony services businesses have been reported separately as  Discontinued Operations 
in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. There are no discontinued operations
assets or liabilities included in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 

BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS; GOING CONCERN  

We received a report from our independent
registered public accountants, relating to our December 31, 2015 audited financial statements, containing an explanatory paragraph
regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. As a shell company, management believes that theglobe will not be able to
generate operating cash flows sufficient to fund its operations and pay its existing current liabilities (including those liabilities
related to its discontinued operations) in the foreseeable future. Based upon our current cash resources and without the infusion
of additional capital and/or the continued indulgence of its creditors, management does not believe the Company can operate as
a going concern beyond a short period of time.  See  Future and Critical Need for Capital  section of this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further details. 

Our condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. Accordingly,
our condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification
of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
COMPARED TO  

  THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2015  

CONTINUING OPERATIONS  

NET REVENUE. Commensurate with the sale
of our Tralliance business on September 29, 2008, we became a shell company. As a result, net revenue for both the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $0. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE. General and
administrative expenses include only customary public company expenses, including accounting, legal, audit, insurance and other
related public company costs. General and administrative expenses totaled approximately $28 thousand in the third quarter of 2016
as compared to approximately $22 thousand for the same quarter of the prior year. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS.  Related
party transaction expense totaled $60 thousand for both the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and consisted of management
services fees payable to Dancing Bear for accounting, finance, administrative and managerial support. 

RELATED PARTY INTEREST EXPENSE. Related
party interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $14 thousand and $13 thousand,
respectively, and consisted primarily of interest due and payable to Dancing Bear under the Revolving Loan Agreement. 

INCOME TAXES. No tax benefit was recorded
for the losses incurred during the third quarter of 2016 or the third quarter of 2015 as we recorded a 100% valuation allowance
against our otherwise recognizable deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing or ultimate realization of
the benefits of our net operating loss carryforwards in future periods. 

NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016
COMPARED TO  

  THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2015  

CONTINUING OPERATIONS  

NET REVENUE. Net revenue totaled $0 for
both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
General and administrative expenses include only customary public company expenses, including accounting, legal, audit, insurance
and other related public company costs.   General and administrative expenses totaled approximately $71 thousand for
the first nine months of 2016 as compared to approximately $67 thousand for the same period of 2015. 

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. Related party
transaction expense totaled $180 thousand for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and consisted of management
services fees payable to Dancing Bear for accounting, finance, administrative and managerial support.  

RELATED PARTY INTEREST EXPENSE. Related
party interest expense for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $40 thousand and $37 thousand,
respectively, and consisted primarily of interest due and payable to Dancing Bear under the Revolving Loan Agreement. 

RELATED PARTY OTHER INCOME.  Related
party other income consists of the minimum Earn-Out payable quarterly by Tralliance Registry Management to the Company.  Related
party other income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $0 compared to $150 thousand for the nine months ended September
30, 2015 due to the expiration of the Earn-out Agreement on May 5, 2015. 

INCOME TAXES. No tax benefit was recorded
for the losses incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as we recorded a 100% valuation allowance against
our otherwise recognizable deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing or ultimate realization of the benefits
of our net operating loss carryforwards in future periods. 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  

A former telephony services business vendor
agreed to forgive its remaining account balance of approximately $41 thousand owed by the Company to such vendor during the second
quarter of 2015. Accordingly, a gain on forgiveness of debt in such amount was recorded and is included in results of operations
for discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

CASH FLOW ITEMS  

As of September 30, 2016, we had $2,504
in cash as compared to $20,585 as of December 31, 2015. Net cash flows used in operating activities of continuing operations totaled
approximately $68 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to approximately $82 thousand of net cash flows
provided from operating activities of continued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

A total of approximately $474 in net cash
flows were used in the operating activities of discontinued operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to approximately $35 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

The increase in cash and net cash flows
in the current year compared to the prior year was due primarily to the fact that the Company received approximately $150 thousand
in Earn-out payments in 2015 compared to $0 in 2016 as a result of the expiration of the Earn-out Agreement on May 5, 2015. 

FUTURE AND CRITICAL NEED FOR CAPITAL  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
However, for the reasons described below, Company management does not believe that cash on hand and cash flow generated internally
by the Company will be adequate to fund its limited overhead and other cash requirements beyond a short period of time. These reasons
raise significant doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since 2008, the Company was able to continue
operating as a going concern due principally to funding of $500 thousand received during 2008 under a Revolving Loan Agreement
with an entity controlled by Michael S. Egan, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a total of approximately $2.437 million
received during 2009 through the second quarter of 2015 under an Earn-out Agreement with an entity also controlled by Mr. Egan,
as well as the forbearance of its creditors. The Earn-out period expired on May 5, 2015, with the final pro-rated payment of $37
thousand received by the Company in May 2015. More recently, as more fully described in Note 4,  Debt,  the Company
received fundings of $50 thousand each in both March 2016 and November 2016 under promissory notes entered into with the same entity
that provided funding under the Revolving Loan Agreement (the  2016 Promissory Notes ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net working capital deficit of approximately $1.826 million.  Such working capital deficit included (i) a total of approximately
$963 thousand in principal and accrued interest owed under the aforementioned Revolving Loan Agreement; (ii) a total of approximately
$710 thousand in management service fees owed under a Master Services Agreement to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan; (iii) a total
of approximately $131 thousand of accrued officer compensation due primarily to Mr. Egan; and (iv) an aggregate of approximately
$29 thousand in unsecured accounts payable and accrued expenses owed to non-related third parties. 

During the second quarter of 2015, a former
VoIP telephony service vendor agreed to forgive the remaining accounts payable balance of approximately $41 thousand owed by the
Company to such vendor. Accordingly, such amount was written off the balance sheet and a corresponding gain on forgiveness of debt
is included within Discontinued Operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. 

During the fourth quarter of 2014, the
Company derecognized approximately $84 thousand of old accrued expenses related to its former Tralliance business (including $33
thousand of disputed liabilities) based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
had lapsed. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company derecognized approximately $296 thousand of old liabilities of its former
Tralliance business, including approximately $170 thousand of disputed accounts payable owed to 2 former vendors and accrued expenses
totaling approximately $126 thousand, based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
had lapsed. As more fully described in Note 3,  Discontinued Operations,  the Company derecognized approximately $1.354
million of old liabilities of its former VoIP telephony service business, including approximately $1 million of disputed liabilities,
during the fourth quarter of 2012 based upon our belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
has lapsed. There can be no assurance that the holders of derecognized account payables will agree with our application of statutes
of limitation to time bar claims related to such payables nor seek to assert a basis to toll or suspend the running of the otherwise
applicable statutes of limitation. 

As discussed previously, on September 29,
2008, the Company (i) sold the business and substantially all of the assets of its Tralliance Corporation subsidiary to Tralliance
Registry Management, and (ii) issued 229 million shares of its Common Stock (the  Shares ) to Registry Management (the
 Purchase Transaction ). Tralliance Registry Management and Registry Management are entities controlled by Michael
S. Egan. The closing of the Purchase Transaction resulted in the cancellation of all of the Company s remaining Convertible
Debt, related accrued interest and rent and accounts payable owed to entities controlled by Mr. Egan as of the date of closing
(totaling approximately $6.4 million). However, as of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to be obligated to repay its principal
borrowings totaling $550 thousand, plus accrued interest of $413 thousand, due to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan under the aforementioned
Revolving Loan Agreement and March 2016 Promissory Note, as well as its recent $50 thousand borrowing from Dancing Bear under the
November 2016 Promissory Note. 

As additional consideration under the Purchase
Transaction, Tralliance Registry Management was obligated to pay an earn-out to theglobe equal to 10% (subject to certain minimums)
of Tralliance Registry Management s net revenue (as defined) derived from  .travel  names registered by Tralliance
Registry Management from September 29, 2008 through May 5, 2015 (the  Earn-out ). The minimum Earn-out payable by Tralliance
Registry Management to theglobe was $300 thousand in the first year, increasing by $25 thousand in each subsequent year (pro-rated
for the final year of the Earn-out). As discussed earlier, the final Earn-out payment of approximately $37 thousand was made in
May 2015 and the Earn-out Agreement has now expired. 

In connection with the closing of the Purchase
Transaction, the Company also entered into a Master Services Agreement with an entity controlled by Mr. Egan whereby for a fee
of $20 thousand per month ($240 thousand per annum) such entity will provide personnel and services to the Company so as to enable
it to continue its existence as a public company without the necessity of any full-time employees of its own. Additionally, commensurate
with the closing of the Purchase Transaction, Termination Agreements with each of its current executive officers, which terminated
their previous and then existing employment agreements, were executed. Notwithstanding the termination of these employment agreements,
each of our current executive officers and directors remain as executive officers and directors of the Company. 

Immediately following the closing of the
Purchase Transaction, theglobe became a shell company with no material operations or assets, and no source of revenue other than
under the Earn-out.  It is expected that theglobe s future operating expenses as a public shell company will consist
primarily of expenses incurred under the aforementioned Master Services Agreement and other customary public company expenses,
including legal, audit and other miscellaneous public company costs.   

On a short term liquidity basis, the Company
must receive the continued indulgence of its primary creditor, Mr. Egan, including the continued forebearance of Mr. Egan and related
entities in making demand for payment for amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement, the 2016 Promissory Notes and
the Master Services Agreement, in order to continue as a going concern. 

It is the Company s preference to
avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, based upon the Company s current financial condition
as discussed above, management believes that additional debt or equity capital will need to be raised in order for theglobe to
continue to operate as a going concern on a long-term basis. Any such capital equity would likely come from Mr. Egan, as the Company
currently has no access to credit facilities and has traditionally relied on borrowings from related parties to meet short-term
liquidity needs. Any such capital would likely result in very substantial dilution in the number of outstanding shares of the Company s
Common Stock. Given theglobe s current financial condition, it has no intent to seek to acquire or start any new businesses.
The Company intends to use the proceeds from the 2016 Promissory Notes and seek other loans from Mr. Egan and related entities,
if necessary, to fund its public company operating costs while it explores its options related to the future of theglobe. 

EFFECTS OF INFLATION  

Management believes that inflation has
not had a significant effect on our results of operations during 2016 and 2015. 

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  

The preparation of our financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates, judgments and
assumptions are continually evaluated based on available information and experience. Because of the use of estimates inherent in
the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Certain of our accounting policies require
higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. Primarily, these include valuations of accounts payable and accrued
expenses. 

IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS  

Management has determined that all recently
issued accounting pronouncements will not have a material impact on the Company s financial statements or do not apply to
the Company s operations. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure (1) that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's ( SEC ) rules and forms, and (2) that this information
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost
benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on that evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective
in alerting them in a timely manner to material information regarding us (including our consolidated subsidiaries) that is required
to be included in our periodic reports to the SEC. 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated any change in our internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting, and have determined there to be no reportable changes. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

NONE. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

In addition to the other information in
this report, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating our business and prospects. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS GENERALLY  

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN.  

The accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course
of business. Accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
However, for the reasons described below, Company management does not believe that cash on hand and cash flow generated internally
by the Company will be adequate to fund its limited overhead and other cash requirements beyond a short period of time. These reasons
raise significant doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Since 2008, the Company was able to continue
operating as a going concern due principally to funding of $500 thousand received during 2008 under a Revolving Loan Agreement
with an entity controlled by Michael S. Egan, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a total of approximately $2.437 million
received during 2009 through the second quarter of 2015 under an Earn-out Agreement with an entity also controlled by Mr. Egan,
as well as the forbearance of its creditors. The Earn-out period expired on May 5, 2015, with the final pro-rated payment of $37
thousand received by the Company in May 2015. More recently, as more fully described in Note 4,  Debt,  the Company
received fundings of $50 thousand each in both March 2016 and November 2016 under Promissory Notes entered into with the same entity
that provided funding under the Revolving Loan Agreement (the  2016 Promissory Notes ). 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a net working capital deficit of approximately $1.826 million.  Such working capital deficit included (i) a total of approximately
$963 thousand in principal and accrued interest owed under the aforementioned Revolving Loan Agreement; (ii) a total of approximately
$710 thousand in management service fees owed under a Master Services Agreement to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan; (iii) a total
of approximately $131 thousand of accrued officer compensation due primarily to Mr. Egan; and (iv) an aggregate of approximately
$29 thousand in unsecured accounts payable and accrued expenses owed to non-related third parties. 

During the second quarter of 2015, a former
VoIP telephony service vendor agreed to forgive the remaining accounts payable balance of approximately $41 thousand owed by the
Company to such vendor. Accordingly, such amount was written off the balance sheet and a corresponding gain on forgiveness of debt
is included within Discontinued Operations for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015. 

During the fourth quarter of 2014, the
Company derecognized approximately $84 thousand of old accrued expenses related to its former Tralliance business (including $33
thousand of disputed liabilities) based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
had lapsed. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the Company derecognized approximately $296 thousand of old liabilities of its former
Tralliance business, including approximately $170 thousand of disputed accounts payable owed to 2 former vendors and accrued expenses
totaling approximately $126 thousand, based upon the belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
had lapsed. As more fully described in Note 3,  Discontinued Operations,  the Company derecognized approximately $1.354
million of old liabilities of its former VoIP telephony service business, including approximately $1 million of disputed liabilities,
during the fourth quarter of 2012 based upon our belief that the statute of limitations applicable to enforcement of such liabilities
has lapsed. There can be no assurance that the holders of derecognized account payables will agree with our application of statutes
of limitation to time bar claims related to such payables nor seek to assert a basis to toll or suspend the running of the otherwise
applicable statutes of limitation. 

As discussed previously, on September 29,
2008, the Company (i) sold the business and substantially all of the assets of its Tralliance Corporation subsidiary to Tralliance
Registry Management, and (ii) issued 229 million shares of its Common Stock (the  Shares ) to Registry Management (the
 Purchase Transaction ). Tralliance Registry Management and Registry Management are entities controlled by Michael
S. Egan. The closing of the Purchase Transaction resulted in the cancellation of all of the Company s remaining Convertible
Debt, related accrued interest and rent and accounts payable owed to entities controlled by Mr. Egan as of the date of closing
(totaling approximately $6.4 million). However, as of September 30, 2016, the Company continues to be obligated to repay its principal
borrowings totaling $550 thousand, plus accrued interest of $413 thousand, due to an entity controlled by Mr. Egan under the aforementioned
Revolving Loan Agreement and March 2016 Promissory Note, as well as its recent $50 thousand borrowing from Dancing Bear under the
November 2016 Promissory Note. 

As additional consideration under the Purchase
Transaction, Tralliance Registry Management was obligated to pay an earn-out to theglobe equal to 10% (subject to certain minimums)
of Tralliance Registry Management s net revenue (as defined) derived from  .travel  names registered by Tralliance
Registry Management from September 29, 2008 through May 5, 2015 (the  Earn-out ). The minimum Earn-out payable by Tralliance
Registry Management to theglobe was $300 thousand in the first year, increasing by $25 thousand in each subsequent year (pro-rated
for the final year of the Earn-out). As discussed earlier, the final Earn-out payment of approximately $37 thousand was made in
May 2015 and the Earn-out Agreement has now expired. 

In connection with the closing of the Purchase
Transaction, the Company also entered into a Master Services Agreement with an entity controlled by Mr. Egan whereby for a fee
of $20 thousand per month ($240 thousand per annum) such entity will provide personnel and services to the Company so as to enable
it to continue its existence as a public company without the necessity of any full-time employees of its own. Additionally, commensurate
with the closing of the Purchase Transaction, Termination Agreements with each of its current executive officers, which terminated
their previous and then existing employment agreements, were executed. Notwithstanding the termination of these employment agreements,
each of our current executive officers and directors remain as executive officers and directors of the Company. 

Immediately following the closing of the
Purchase Transaction, theglobe became a shell company with no material operations or assets, and no source of revenue other than
under the Earn-out.  It is expected that theglobe s future operating expenses as a public shell company will consist
primarily of expenses incurred under the aforementioned Master Services Agreement and other customary public company expenses,
including legal, audit and other miscellaneous public company costs.   

On a short term liquidity basis, the Company
must receive the continued indulgence of its primary creditor, Mr. Egan, including the continued forebearance of Mr. Egan and related
entities in making demand for payment for amounts outstanding under the Revolving Loan Agreement, the 2016 Promissory Notes and
the Master Services Agreement, in order to continue as a going concern. 

It is the Company s preference to
avoid filing for protection under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. However, based upon the Company s current financial condition
as discussed above, management believes that additional debt or equity capital will need to be raised in order for theglobe to
continue to operate as a going concern on a long-term basis. Any such capital equity would likely come from Mr. Egan, as the Company
currently has no access to credit facilities and has traditionally relied on borrowings from related parties to meet short-term
liquidity needs. Any such capital would likely result in very substantial dilution in the number of outstanding shares of the Company s
Common Stock. Given theglobe s current financial condition, it has no intent to seek to acquire or start any new businesses.
The Company intends to use the proceeds from the 2016 Promissory Notes and seek other loans from Mr. Egan and related entities,
if necessary, to fund its public company operating costs while it explores its options related to the future of theglobe. 

WE MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL IN SETTLING
DISPUTED VENDOR CHARGES.  

During 2014, we derecognized approximately
$84 thousand of liabilities (including $33 thousand of disputed liabilities) related to our former Tralliance business. Additionally,
during 2012, we derecognized approximately $1.354 million of old liabilities related to our former VoIP telephony services business
(including approximately $1 million of disputed liabilities) and in 2013 we derecognized approximately $296 thousand of old liabilities
related to our former Tralliance business (including $170 thousand of disputed liabilities). These liabilities were derecognized
based on our belief that the applicable statute of limitations periods to bring claims to collect such liabilities have expired.
There can no assurance that vendors will not file claims and attempt to collect certain of these derecognized liabilities for which
we believe the statute of limitations has lapsed. Should vendors file claims, there can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in settling the claims without significant costs, including attorney s fees. Any adverse outcome in any of these
matters could materially and adversely affect our financial position, utilize a significant portion of our cash resources and/or
require additional capital to be infused into the Company, and adversely affect our ability to continue as a going concern. 

OUR NET OPERATING LOSS CARRYFORWARDS
MAY BE SUBSTANTIALLY LIMITED.  

As of December 31, 2015, we had net operating
loss carryforwards which may be potentially available for U.S. tax purposes of approximately $166 million. These carryforwards
expire through 2035. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 imposes substantial restrictions on the utilization of net operating losses and
tax credits in the event of an  ownership change  of a corporation. Due to various significant changes in our ownership
interests, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, that occurred prior to December 31, 2008, we have substantially
limited the availability of our net operating loss carryforwards. 

OUR OFFICERS, INCLUDING OUR CHAIRMAN
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRESIDENT HAVE OTHER INTERESTS; WE HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST WITH OUR DIRECTORS; ALL OF OUR DIRECTORS
ARE EMPLOYEES OR STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY OR AFFILIATES OF OUR LARGEST STOCKHOLDER.  

Our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Michael Egan, is an officer or director of other companies. Mr. Egan became our Chief Executive Officer effective June 1, 2002.
Mr. Egan is also the controlling investor of The Registry Management Company, LLC, Dancing Bear Investments, Inc., E C Capital
Partners LLLP, and E C Capital Partners II, LLC, which are our largest stockholders. Mr. Egan is also the controlling investor
of License Holdings, LLC and Labigroup Holdings, LLC, entities which have had various ongoing business relationships with the Company.
Additionally, Mr. Egan is the controlling investor of Tralliance Registry Management Company, LLC, an entity which acquired our
Tralliance business. 

Our President, Treasurer and Chief Financial
Officer and Director, Mr. Edward A. Cespedes, is also an officer, director, member or shareholder of other privately held companies,
including, but not limited to, E C Capital Partners LLLP, E C Capital Partners II, LLC, and The Registry Management Company,
LLC. Additionally, Mr. Cespedes currently serves as the President and a director of Paymeon, Inc., a location-based marketing company. 

Our Vice President of Finance and Director,
Ms. Robin Lebowitz is also an officer of Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. She is also an officer, director or shareholder of other
companies or entities controlled by Mr. Egan and Mr. Cespedes, including The Registry Management Company, LLC. 

Due to the relationships with his related
entities, Mr. Egan will have an inherent conflict of interest in making any decision related to transactions between the related
entities and us. Furthermore, the Company's Board of Directors presently is comprised entirely of individuals who are executive
officers of theglobe, and therefore are not  independent.  We intend to review related party transactions in the future
on a case-by-case basis. 

WE CURRENTLY HAVE NO BUSINESS OPERATIONS
AND ARE A SHELL COMPANY.  

Immediately following the closing of the
Purchase Transaction, theglobe became a shell company with no material operations or assets, and no source of revenue other than
under the  net revenue  earn-out arrangement with Tralliance Registry Management. It is expected that theglobe s
future operating expenses as a public shell company will consist primarily of expenses incurred under the aforementioned Master
Services Agreement and other customary public company expenses, including legal, audit and other miscellaneous public company costs.
Given theglobe s current financial condition and the state of the current United States capital markets and economy, the
Company has no current intent to seek to acquire, or start, any other business. 

WE MAY SUFFER ADVERSE CONSEQUENCES IF
WE ARE DEEMED AN INVESTMENT COMPANY (DEFINED BELOW) AND WE MAY INCUR SIGNIFICANT COSTS TO AVOID INVESTMENT COMPANY STATUS.  

We believe that we are not an investment
company as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940.  If the Commission or a court were to disagree with us, we could
be required to register as an investment company.  This would negatively affect our ability to consummate a potential acquisition
of an operating company, subjecting us to disclosure and accounting guidance geared toward investment, rather than operating companies;
limiting our liability to borrow money, issue options, issue multiple classes of stock and debt, and engage in transactions with
affiliates; and requiring us to undertake significant costs and expenses to meet disclosure and regulatory requirements to which
we would be subject as a registered investment company. 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR COMMON STOCK  

WE ARE CONTROLLED BY OUR CHAIRMAN.  

On September 29, 2008, in connection with
the sale of Tralliance, the Company issued 229 million shares of its Common Stock to Registry Management, an entity controlled
by Michael S. Egan, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Previously on June 10, 2008, Dancing Bear Investments, Inc., also
an entity controlled by Mr. Egan, converted an aggregate of $400 thousand of outstanding convertible secured promissory notes due
to them by the Company into 40 million shares of our Common Stock. As a result of the issuance of the 269 million shares under
the transactions described above, Mr. Egan s beneficial ownership has been increased to approximately 76% of the Company s
Common Stock and he continues to own such amount at September 30, 2016. Accordingly, Mr. Egan is in a position to control the vote
on all corporate actions in the future. 

DELISTING OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAKES IT MORE DIFFICULT
FOR INVESTORS TO SELL SHARES.  

The shares of our Common Stock were delisted
from the NASDAQ national market in April 2001 and are now traded in the over-the-counter market on what is commonly referred to
as the electronic bulletin board or  OTCBB.  As a result, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of or obtain
accurate quotations as to the market value of the securities. The delisting has made trading our shares more difficult for investors.
It has also made it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. We may also incur additional costs under state blue-sky
laws if we sell equity due to our delisting. 

OUR COMMON STOCK IS SUBJECT TO CERTAIN
 PENNY STOCK  RULES WHICH MAY MAKE IT A LESS ATTRACTIVE INVESTMENT.  

Since the trading price of our Common Stock
is less than $5.00 per share and our net tangible assets are less than $2.0 million, trading in our Common Stock is subject to
the requirements of Rule 15g-9 of the Exchange Act. Under Rule 15g-9, brokers who recommend penny stocks to persons who are not
established customers and accredited investors, as defined in the Exchange Act, must satisfy special sales practice requirements,
including requirements that they make an individualized written suitability determination for the purchaser; and receive the purchaser's
written consent prior to the transaction. The Securities Enforcement Remedies and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 also requires
additional disclosures in connection with any trades involving a penny stock, including the delivery, prior to any penny stock
transaction, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated with that market. Such requirements
may severely limit the market liquidity of our Common Stock and the ability of purchasers of our equity securities to sell their
securities in the secondary market. For all of these reasons, an investment in our equity securities may not be attractive to our
potential investors. 

AS A RESULT OF THE CLOSING OF THE PURCHASE
AGREEMENT, WE ARE A SHELL COMPANY AND ARE SUBJECT TO MORE STRINGENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND RULE 144 IS NOT GENERALLY AVAILABLE
AS A BASIS OF RESALE.  

As a result of the consummation of the
Purchase Transaction, we have no or nominal operations and assets, and pursuant to Rule 405 and Exchange Act Rule 12b-2, we are
a shell company. Applicable securities rules prohibit shell companies from using a Form S-8 to register securities pursuant to
employee compensation plans. However, the rules do not prevent us from registering securities pursuant to certain other registration
statements. Additionally, Form 8-K requires shell companies to provide more detailed disclosure upon completion of a transaction
that causes it to cease being a shell company. To the extent we acquire a business in the future, we must file a current report
on Form 8-K containing the information required in a registration statement on Form 10, within four business days following completion
of the transaction together with financial information of the private operating company. In order to assist the SEC in the identification
of shell companies, we are also required to check a box on Form 10-Q and Form 10-K indicating that we are a shell company. To the
extent that we are required to comply with additional disclosure because we are a shell company, we may be delayed in executing
any mergers or acquiring other assets that would cause us to cease being a shell company. In addition, the SEC adopted amendments
to Rule 144 effective February 15, 2008, which (with limited exceptions related to restrictive securities acquired before we became
a  shell company ) do not allow a holder of restricted securities of a  shell company  to resell their
securities pursuant to Rule 144. Preclusion from the use of the exemption from registration afforded by Rule 144 may make it more
difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

(a) Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. 

None. 

(b) Use of Proceeds From Sales of Registered Securities. 

Not applicable. 

(c) Repurchases. 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None.    

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

10.1    Note Modification Agreement
dated as of September 20, 2016 by and between Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. and theglobe.com, inc.  

10.2    Promissory Note dated as
of November 7, 2016 by and between Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. and theglobe.com, inc.  

101.SCH    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Schema Document  

101.CAL    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Definitions Linkbase Document  

101.LAB    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document  

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

theglobe.com, inc.    

Dated  :   November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/   Michael S. Egan    

Michael S. Egan    

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

By:   
      /s/   Edward A. Cespedes    

Edward A. Cespedes    

President and Chief Financial Officer    

(Principal Financial Officer)    

EXHIBIT INDEX  

10.1    Note Modification Agreement
dated as of September 20, 2016 by and between Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. and theglobe.com, inc.  

10.2    Promissory Note dated as
of November 7, 2016 by and between Dancing Bear Investments, Inc. and theglobe.com, inc.  

101.SCH    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Schema Document  

101.CAL    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Definitions Linkbase Document  

101.LAB    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE    XBRL Taxonomy Extension
Presentation Linkbase Document  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 v452175_ex10-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

EXHIBIT 10.1  

NOTE MODIFICATION AGREEMENT 

THIS NOTE MODIFICATION
AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  ) is entered into this 20 th  day of September, 2016 (the   Effective
Date  ) by and between Dancing Bear Investments, Inc., a Florida corporation, (  Holder  ) and theglobe.com,
inc., a Delaware corporation (  Maker  ). 

RECITALS: 

A.  Maker is the maker under that certain promissory note dated March 23, 2016 (the   Note  )
in the maximum principal amount of FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($50,000.00) which Note is held by Holder.   

B.  The Note was issued pursuant to that certain Promissory Note dated as of March 23, 2016 between
the Holder and Maker (the   Loan Agreement  ).   

D.  Maker and Holder have agreed to extend the Maturity Date until five (5) business days after demand
is made for payment at the discretion of the Holder, as more specifically provided for in this Agreement.   

NOW THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION
OF TEN DOLLARS  ($10.00) and other good and valuable considerations, the receipt, adequacy and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Maker and Holder hereby agree as follows: 

1.   Recitals: Capitalized Terms.  The foregoing Recitals are true and correct and are incorporated
herein by this reference, as if set forth in their entirety. Any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the
meaning ascribed to it in the Note.   

2.   Extension of Maturity Date: Demand Obligation.  From and after the original Maturity Date
of September 22, 2016, the principal amount of the Note shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) five (5) business days following
any DEMAND for payment, which DEMAND may be made by the Holder at anytime, or (ii) the occurrence of an  Event of Default 
as defined in the Promissory Note (as applicable, the  Maturity Date ). Accrued interest, at the rate provided in the
Note, shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date.   

(a)   Balances under the Note.  Maker and Holder agree that the current outstanding principal balance
due under the Note is $50,000 and that the accrued and unpaid interest on such amount as of September 20, 2016 is $2,495.00   

(b)   Ratification: No Claims: No Defaults.  As of the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Note
is ratified and confirmed as written, except as modified by this Agreement. Holder acknowledges and agrees that no Default or Event
of Default has occurred under the Note.   

4.   Cooperation.  Maker and Holder agree from time to time, as may be reasonably requested by
the other, to execute and deliver such further instruments and documents and do all matters and things which may be convenient
or necessary to more effectively and completely carry out the intention on the Note and this Agreement.   

5.   Amendments.  This Agreement and the Note may not be modified, amended, changed or terminated
orally, but only by an agreement in writing executed by Maker and Holder. Except as specifically modified in this Agreement, the
remaining terms of the Note shall remain in full force and effect without modification.   

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF , Maker and Holder have each executed and delivered this Agreement as of the Effective Date, first above written. 

MAKER:   
       
       HOLDER:    

theglobe.com, inc.  
       
      Dancing Bear Investments, Inc.   

By:  
      /s/ Michael S. Egan  
       
      By:  
      /s/ Robin S. Lebowitz   
 
      Its:  
      President/CEO  
       
      Its:  
      Treasurer   

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 v452175_ex10-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

EXHIBIT 10.2  

PROMISSORY NOTE 

$50,000.00 

 November 7, 2016 

theglobe.com, inc., a Delaware corporation 

 1500 Cordova Road, Suite 302 

 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316 

 (Hereinafter referred to as   Borrower  ) 

Dancing Bear Investments, Inc., a Florida corporation 

 1500 Cordova Road, Suite 302 

 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316 

 (Hereinafter referred to as   Lender  ) 

Borrower promises to pay to the order of
Lender, in lawful money of the United States of America, at its office indicated above or wherever else Lender may specify, the
sum of Fifty Thousand and No/100 Dollars ($50,000.00) or such lesser sum as may be advanced and outstanding from time to time,
with interest on the unpaid principal balance at the rate and on the terms provided in this Promissory Note (including all renewals,
extensions or modifications hereof, this   Note  ). 

MATURITY DATE . For purposes hereof,
  Maturity Date   shall mean the first to occur of (i) five (5) business days following any demand for payment,
which demand can be made by Lender at any time, or (ii) the occurrence of an  Event of Default  as defined below. 

INTEREST RATE.   Interest shall
accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note from the date hereof at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum as of the date
of this Note (the   Interest Rate  ). 

DEFAULT RATE.  In addition to all
other rights contained in this Note, if a Default occurs and as long as a Default continues, all outstanding principle under this
Note shall bear interest at the Interest Rate plus 4% (  Default Rate  ). The Default Rate shall also apply from
acceleration until the obligations or any judgment thereon is paid in full. 

INTEREST AND FEE(S) COMPUTATION (ACTUAL/ACTUAL). 
Interest and fees, if any, shall be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in the year for the actual number of days
in the applicable period (  Actual/Actual Computation  ). The Actual/Actual Computation determines the annual effective
yield by taking the stated (nominal) rate for a year's period and then dividing said rate by the actual number of days in the year
to determine the daily periodic rate to be applied for each day in the applicable period. 

REPAYMENT TERMS.  This Note shall
be due and payable in one lump sum of principal and interest on the Maturity Date. 

APPLICATION OF PAYMENTS.  Monies
received by Lender from any source for application toward payment of the Obligations shall be applied to accrued interest and then
to principal. If a Default occurs, monies may be applied to the Obligations in any manner or order deemed appropriate by Lender. 

If any payment received by Lender under
this Note is rescinded, avoided or for any reason returned by Lender because of any adverse claim or threatened action, the returned
payment shall remain payable as an obligation of all persons liable under this Note as though such payment had not been made. 

DEFINITIONS. Obligations.  The term
  Obligations  , as used in this Note, refers to any and all indebtedness and other obligations under this Note.
 Sale Event.  The term   Sale Event  , as used in this Note, means a transaction or series of related transactions,
directly or indirectly: (i) involving the reorganization, merger or the consolidation of the Borrower with or into any other entity,
or an acquisition of the Borrower effected by an exchange of outstanding equity securities of the Borrower, or any issuance, sale,
transfer or other disposition in a single transaction or series of related transactions, regardless of form, which results in the
holders of the voting stock of the Borrower immediately prior to such transaction no longer collectively beneficially owning, directly
or indirectly, 50% or more of the voting and financial rights associated with the total voting stock of the Borrower (or such other
equity class of the Borrower or its successor as the voting stock of the Borrower have been converted into as a consequence of
such transaction) as a result of such transaction; or (ii) involving the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially
all of the assets of the Borrower or its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to one or more persons or entities. 

ATTORNEYS' FEES AND OTHER COLLECTION
COSTS.  Borrower shall pay all of Lender's reasonable expenses incurred to enforce or collect any of the Obligations including,
without limitation, reasonable arbitration, paralegals', attorneys' and experts' fees and expenses, whether incurred without the
commencement of a suit, in any trial, arbitration, or administrative proceeding, or in any appellate or bankruptcy proceeding. 

USURY.  If at any time the effective
interest rate under this Note would, but for this paragraph, exceed the maximum lawful rate, the effective interest rate under
this Note shall be the maximum lawful rate, and any amount received by Lender in excess of such rate shall be applied to principal
and then to fees and expenses, or, if no such amounts are owing, returned to Borrower. 

REMEDIES UPON DEFAULT;  The occurrence
of any of the following shall constitute an   Event of Default   under this Note: (a) If any sum payable hereunder
is not paid within ten (10) days of when due, (b) if Borrower shall dissolve or liquidate, or become insolvent (however such insolvency
may be evidenced) or shall file a voluntary bankruptcy petition or be the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy petition which continues
dismissed or unstayed for a period of 30 consecutive days; (c) if the Borrower shall make a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors; (d) if any litigation or governmental proceeding shall be commenced against the Borrower; or (e) if there shall be
any Sale Event. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, this Note and all principal, interest and other sums payable hereunder
shall, at the option of the Lender, become and be immediately due and payable forthwith, without presentation, demand, protest,
notice of protest, or any other notice of dishonor of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived. All of the rights, remedies,
powers and privileges (together,   Rights  ) of the Lender provided for in this Note are cumulative of each other
and of any and all other Rights at law or in equity. No single or partial exercise of any Right shall exhaust it, or preclude any
other or further exercise thereof, and every Right may be exercised at any time and from time to time. No failure by the Lender
to exercise, nor delay in exercising any Right, including but not limited to the right to accelerate the maturity of this Note,
shall be construed as a waiver of any Event of Default or as a waiver of the Right. 

WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS.  No waivers,
amendments or modifications of this Note shall be valid unless in writing and signed by Lender. No waiver by Lender of any Default
shall operate as a waiver of any other Default or the same Default on a future occasion. Neither the failure nor any delay on the
part of Lender in exercising any right, power, or remedy under this Note shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall a single
or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. 

Borrower or any person liable under this
Note waives presentment, protest, notice of dishonor, demand for payment, notice of intention to accelerate maturity, notice of
acceleration of maturity, notice of sale and all other notices of any kind. Further, each agrees that Lender may extend, modify
or renew this Note or make a novation of the loan evidenced by this Note for any period, and grant any releases, compromises or
indulgences with respect to any collateral securing this Note, or with respect to any other Borrower or any other person liable
under this Note, all without notice to or consent of Borrower or each person who may be liable under this Note and without affecting
the liability of Borrower or any person who may be liable under this Note. 

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.
Assignment.  This Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties and their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns. Lender's interests in and rights under this Note re freely assignable, in whole or
in part, by Lender. Borrower shall not assign its rights and interest hereunder without the prior written consent of Lender,
and any attempt by Borrower to assign without Lender's prior written consent is null and void. Any assignment shall not
release Borrower from the Obligations.  Applicable Law.  This Note shall be governed by and construed under the laws of
the state named in Lender's address on the first page hereof without regard to that state's conflict of laws principles.  Jurisdiction. 
Borrower irrevocably agrees to non-exclusive personal jurisdiction in the state named in Lender's address on the first page
hereof.  Severability.  If any provision of this Note shall be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such
provision shall be ineffective but only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder
of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Note or other such document. 

WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  TO THE EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF BORROWER AND LENDER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED ON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS NOTE, OR ANY COURSE
OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY WITH RESPECT HERETO. THIS PROVISION
IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO LENDER TO ACCEPT THIS NOTE .  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned
has caused this Note to be executed under seal. 

theglobe.com, inc. , a Delaware corporation   

By:  
     /s/ Robin S. Lebowitz  

Robin S. Lebowitz   

Vice-President of Finance   

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 v452175_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

I, Michael S. Egan, Chief Executive Officer
of theglobe.com, inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of theglobe.com, inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed such control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and to the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:    November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/  Michael S. Egan    

Name: Michael S. Egan    

Title: Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 v452175_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
AND RULE 15D-14(A) OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

I, Edward A. Cespedes, Chief Financial
Officer of theglobe.com, inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report
on Form 10-Q of theglobe.com, inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. designed such control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and to the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons fulfilling the equivalent function): 

a. all significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:  November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/  Edward A. Cespedes    

Name: Edward A. Cespedes    

Title: Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 v452175_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of theglobe.com, inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Michael S. Egan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/  Michael S. Egan    

Michael S. Egan    

Chief Executive Officer    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 v452175_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of theglobe.com, inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Edward A. Cespedes, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the
best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  November 10, 2016   
      By:   
      /s/  Edward A. Cespedes    

Edward A. Cespedes    

Chief Financial Officer    

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 tglo-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 tglo-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 tglo-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 tglo-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 tglo-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 tglo-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

