<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1528356_0001213900-16-018149_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4746236</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141716</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>277564</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1109634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1989854</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1106421</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>81</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018149.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162756
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Genie Energy Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001528356
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		IRS NUMBER:				452069276
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35327
		FILM NUMBER:		161984591

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07012
		BUSINESS PHONE:		973-438-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		520 BROAD STREET
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07012

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Genie Energy. Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110822

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018149.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_genieenergy.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

or

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934    

Commission
File Number: 1-35327    

GENIE
ENERGY LTD.    

   (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)    

Delaware   
       
       45-2069276    
 
        (State
        or other jurisdiction of   
           incorporation
        or organization)    
       
        (I.R.S.
        Employer   
           Identification
        Number)     

520
    Broad Street, Newark, New Jersey   
       
       07102    
 
       (Address
    of principal executive offices)   
       
       (Zip
    Code)    

(973)
438-3500    

   (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes      No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     
No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes      
No    

As
of November 7, 2016, the registrant had the following shares outstanding:  

GENIE
ENERGY LTD. 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
      Financial
    Statements (Unaudited)   

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets   

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations   

Consolidated
    Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income   
      3   

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows   

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements   

Item 2.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       19   

Item 3.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks   
       33   

Item 4.  
      Controls
    and Procedures   
       33   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION      
       35   

Item 1.  
      Legal
    Proceedings   
       35   

Item 1A.  
      Risk
    Factors   
       35   

Item 2.  
      Unregistered
    Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       35   

Item 3.  
      Defaults
    upon Senior Securities   
       36   

Item 4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures   
       36   

Item 5.  
      Other
    Information   
       36   

Item 6.  
      Exhibits   
       36   

SIGNATURES      
       37   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial
Statements (Unaudited)  

GENIE
ENERGY LTD. 
 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

GENIE
ENERGY LTD.  

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

GENIE
ENERGY LTD.  

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME  

  (Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.   

GENIE
ENERGY LTD.  

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(Unaudited)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

GENIE
ENERGY LTD. 
 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Unaudited)  

Note
1 Basis of Presentation  

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of Genie Energy Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the  Company 
or  Genie ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation
have been included. Operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of
the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. The balance sheet at December 31, 2015 has been derived
from the Company s audited financial statements at that date but does not include all of the information and footnotes required
by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements. For further information, please refer to the consolidated financial statements
and footnotes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ).  

The
Company owns 99.3% of its subsidiary, Genie Energy International Corporation ( GEIC ), which owns 100% of Genie Retail
Energy ( GRE ) and 92% of Genie Oil and Gas, Inc. ( GOGAS ). The Company s principal businesses
consist of the following:  

Genie
                                         Retail Energy owns retail energy providers ( REPs ), including IDT Energy,
                                         Inc. ( IDT Energy ), Residents Energy, Inc. ( Residents Energy )
                                         and Retail Energy Holdings, LLC (see Note 14), and energy brokerage and marketing services.
                                         Its REP businesses resell electricity and natural gas to residential and small business
                                         customers primarily in the Eastern United States; and    

Genie
                                         Oil and Gas is an oil and gas exploration company that consists of:    

an
                                         86.2% interest in Afek Oil and Gas, Ltd. ( Afek ), which operates an exploration
                                         project in the Golan Heights in Northern Israel, and    

other
                                         projects including (1) an 88.3% interest in Genie Mongolia, Inc. ( Genie Mongolia ),
                                         an oil shale exploration project in Central Mongolia, which is inactive, (2) a 98.3%
                                         interest in American Shale Oil Corporation ( AMSO ), which operated American
                                         Shale Oil, L.L.C. ( AMSO, LLC ), an oil shale development project in Colorado that
                                         is being decommissioned, and (3) an 86.1% interest in Israel Energy Initiatives, Ltd.
                                         ( IEI ), an oil shale development project in Israel, which is inactive.    

GRE
has outstanding deferred stock units granted to directors and employees that represent an interest of 2.6% of the equity of GRE.  

Seasonality
and Weather   

The
weather and the seasons, among other things, affect GRE s revenues. Weather conditions have a significant impact on the
demand for natural gas used for heating and electricity used for heating and cooling. Typically, colder winters increase demand
for natural gas and electricity, and hotter summers increase demand for electricity. Milder winters and/or summers have the opposite
effect. Natural gas revenues typically increase in the first quarter due to increased heating demands and electricity revenues
typically increase in the third quarter due to increased air conditioning use. Approximately 64% and 59% of GRE s natural
gas revenues for the relevant years were generated in the first quarter of 2015 and 2014, respectively, when demand for heating
was highest. Although the demand for electricity is not as seasonal as natural gas (due, in part, to usage of electricity for
both heating and cooling), approximately 30% and 20% of GRE s electricity revenues for the relevant years were generated
in the third quarter of 2015 and 2014, respectively. Because of dramatic increases in wholesale electricity prices in January
and February 2014, the retail electricity prices that the GRE-owned REPs and many other variable rate electricity suppliers charged
to their customers also increased sharply. As a result, approximately 45% of GRE s electricity revenues in 2014 were generated
in the first quarter of 2014. GRE s revenues and operating income are subject to material seasonal variations, and the interim
financial results are not necessarily indicative of the estimated financial results for the full year.  

Note
2 Revised Financial Statements  

Reclassifications   

In the consolidated statement of operations,
$0.6 million and $1.9 million previously included in  Financing fees  in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively, have been reclassified to  Cost of revenues  to conform to the current year s presentation. 

Correction
of Errors   

In the consolidated statement of operations,
Pennsylvania gross receipt tax was previously recorded as a reduction to electricity revenue instead of as cost of revenues. Electricity
revenues and cost of revenues were adjusted to correct the classification by reflecting additional revenue and cost of revenues
in the consolidated statement of operations in the amount of $0.7 million in the three months ended March 31, 2016, $0.6 million
in the three months ended June 30, 2016, and $0.8 million and $2.3 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. 

GRE
prepays various electricity costs that are subsequently charged to cost of revenues when the related electricity revenue is recognized.
In the third quarter of 2016, the Company concluded that certain of these amounts included in  Prepaid expenses  in
its consolidated balance sheet at March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 should have been charged to cost of revenues in the first and
second quarters of 2016. The amounts that should have been charged to cost of revenues were $0.8 million in the three months ended
March 31, 2016 and $0.7 million in the three months ended June 30, 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, the Company revised
its first and second quarters of 2016 by reducing prepaid expenses and increasing electricity cost of revenues.  

The
correction of these errors resulted in adjustments to the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income for the three months ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, and its consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and
June 30, 2016.  

The
impact of these adjustments on the Company s consolidated financial statements was as follows:  

Note
3 Fair Value Measurements  

The
following table presents the balance of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  

(1)
  quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities  

  (2)
  observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities  

  (3)
  no observable pricing inputs in the market  

The
Company s derivative contracts consist of natural gas and electricity put and call options and swaps. The underlying asset
in the Company s put and call options is a forward contract. The Company s swaps are agreements whereby a floating
(or market or spot) price is exchanged for a fixed price over a specified period. The Company s derivatives were classified
as Level 1 or Level 2. The Level 1 derivatives were valued using quoted prices in active markets for identical contracts. The
Level 2 derivatives were valued using observable inputs based on quoted market prices in active markets for similar contracts.  

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments    

The
estimated fair value of the Company s other financial instruments was determined using available market information or other
appropriate valuation methodologies. However, considerable judgment is required in interpreting this data to develop estimates
of fair value. Consequently, the estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized or would be paid
in a current market exchange.  

Restricted
cash short-term and long-term, certificates of deposit, prepaid expenses, other current assets, advances from customers,
due to IDT Corporation and other current liabilities.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amounts of
these assets and liabilities approximated fair value because of the short period to maturity. The fair value estimate for restricted
cash short-term and long-term was classified as Level 1 and certificates of deposit ,  prepaid expenses, other current
assets, advances from customers, due to IDT Corporation and other current liabilities were classified as Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy.  

Other
assets, revolving credit loan payable, and other liabilities.  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, other assets included
an aggregate of $1.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in notes receivable. The carrying amounts of the notes receivable,
revolving credit loan payable and other liabilities approximated fair value. The fair values were estimated based on the Company s
assumptions, and were classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Note
4 Derivative Instruments  

The
primary risk managed by the Company using derivative instruments is commodity price risk, which is accounted for in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification 815 Derivatives and Hedging. Natural gas and electricity put and call options and
swaps are entered into as hedges against unfavorable fluctuations in market prices of natural gas and electricity. The Company
does not apply hedge accounting to these options or swaps, therefore the changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. By using
derivative instruments to mitigate exposures to changes in commodity prices, the Company exposes itself to credit risk and market
risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. When the fair value
of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty owes the Company, which creates credit risk. The Company minimizes the
credit or repayment risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, GRE s swaps and options were traded on the New York Mercantile Exchange.  

The
summarized volume of GRE s outstanding contracts and options at September 30, 2016 was as follows (MWh   Megawatt
hour and Dth   Decatherm):  

The
fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows:  

The
fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were
as follows:  

The
effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of operations were as follows:  

Note
5 Afek Oil and Gas Exploration Activities  

On
February 1, 2016, Israel s Northern District Planning and Building Committee approved a two-year permit extension for Afek
to continue to conduct its up to ten-well oil and gas exploration program. This extension is expected to cover the remainder of
Afek s ongoing exploration program in the area covered by it exploration license. In April 2016, Afek received an extension
of its license from the Israeli Ministry of Energy and Water through April 9, 2017. Afek is conducting its oil and gas exploration
program pursuant to that license.  

The
Company accounts for Afek s oil and gas activities under the successful efforts method of accounting. Under this method,
the costs of drilling exploratory wells and exploratory-type stratigraphic test wells are capitalized, pending determination of
whether the well has found proved reserves. Other exploration costs are charged to expense as incurred. Unproved properties are
assessed for impairment, and if considered impaired, are charged to expense when such impairment is deemed to have occurred.  

In February 2015, Afek began drilling its first
exploratory well. To date, Afek has completed drilling five wells in the Southern region of its license area. Afek continues to
analyze data collected from the five wells drilled and from the flow tests conducted at two of the completed wells. In light of
the analysis received in the third quarter of 2016 and given current market conditions, Afek determined that, based on current
information, it did not have a clear path to demonstrate probable or possible reserves in the Southern region of its license area
over the next 12 to 18 months. Since there was substantial doubt regarding the economic viability of these wells, in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, Afek wrote off the $41.0 million of capitalized exploration costs incurred in the Southern region.
Certain analysis and non-field work continues related to the Southern portion of Afek s license area. 

In the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, the Company recognized exploration expense of $1.3 million and $1.5 million, respectively, and in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recognized exploration expense of $4.4 million in both periods. 

Afek has turned its operational focus to the
Northern region of its license area. Afek views the Northern and Southern regions separately when evaluating its unproved properties.
The data analyzed to date suggests that the Southern block resources may extend northward at depths potentially sufficient to
have induced a greater level of maturation of the resource. To validate this hypothesis, Afek plans to drill an exploration well
at one of the Northern sites in its original drilling permit approvals. Subject to permitting and completion of drilling rig upgrades,
Afek expects to spud this well in the first quarter of 2017. 

Afek
assesses the economic and operational viability of its project on an ongoing basis. The assessment requires significant estimates
and assumptions by management. Should Afek s estimates or assumptions regarding the recoverability of future capitalized
exploration costs, if any, prove to be incorrect, Afek may be required to record impairments of such costs in future periods and
such impairments could be material.  

Note
6 Investment in American Shale Oil, LLC  

Through
April 30, 2016, the Company accounted for its ownership interest in AMSO, LLC using the equity method since the Company had the
ability to exercise significant influence over its operating and financial matters, although it did not control AMSO, LLC. AMSO,
LLC was a variable interest entity, however, the Company determined that it was not the primary beneficiary, as the Company did
not have the power to direct the activities of AMSO, LLC that most significantly impact AMSO, LLC s economic performance.  

On
February 23, 2016, Total notified the Company of its decision not to continue to fund AMSO, LLC. On March 23, 2016, Total
gave AMSO its notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal was effective on April 30, 2016. The Company is currently decommissioning
the project. As of April 1, 2016, AMSO and Total agreed that Total would pay AMSO, LLC $3.0 million as full payment of its share
of all costs associated with the decommissioning, winding up and dissolution of AMSO, LLC. Total will not be refunded any amount
if the decommissioning costs are less than $3.0 million. Effective April 30, 2016, AMSO, LLC s assets, liabilities, results
of operations and cash flows are included in the Company s consolidated financial statements.  

The
following table summarizes the change in the balance of the Company s investment in AMSO, LLC:  

At
December 31, 2015, the liability for equity loss in AMSO, LLC was included in  Accrued expenses  in the consolidated
balance sheet.  

Summarized
unaudited statements of operations of AMSO, LLC through the April 30, 2016 acquisition date are as follows:  

Summarized
unaudited balance sheet of AMSO, LLC at April 30, 2016 (in thousands) is as follows:  

The
Company accounted for its acquisition on April 30, 2016 of Total s ownership interest in AMSO, LLC as a business combination.
The Company estimated the fair value of AMSO, LLC to be nil, as it had ceased operations and its shutdown was in progress. The
Company recognized a gain from the acquisition of Total s interest in AMSO, LLC because the Company acquired the net assets
of AMSO, LLC while no consideration was transferred by the Company, due to the Company s assumption of the risk associated
with the shutdown obligations. The gain also included the Company s gain on the remeasurement of AMSO s investment
in AMSO, LLC at its acquisition date fair value. The aggregate gain recognized was $1.3 million, which was included in  Gain
on consolidation of AMSO, LLC  in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Revenue,
loss from operations and net loss of AMSO, LLC since the acquisition date included in the Company s consolidated statement
of operations are as follows:  

Revenue
and net (loss) income of the Company as if the acquisition of AMSO, LLC occurred on January 1, 2015 is as follows:  

In
April 2016, AMSO, LLC recorded a liability for the decommissioning of its project and the remediation of the leased area. The
following table summarizes the change in the balance of the AMSO, LLC retirement obligations after the consolidation of AMSO,
LLC:  

Note
7 Equity  

Changes
in the components of equity were as follows:  

Dividend
Payments    

On
August 15, 2016, May 16, 2016 and on February 16, 2016, the Company paid a quarterly Base Dividend of $0.1594 per share on its
Series 2012-A Preferred Stock ( Preferred Stock ) for the second quarter of 2016, the first quarter of 2016 and for
the fourth quarter of 2015, respectively. The aggregate dividends paid on the Company s Preferred Stock in each of the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $1.1 million. On October 14, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared
a quarterly Base Dividend of $0.1594 per share on the Preferred Stock for the third quarter of 2016. The dividend will be paid
on or about November 15, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 28, 2016.  

On
August 26, 2016, May 20, 2016 and on February 12, 2016, the Company paid a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share on its Class
A common stock and Class B common stock. On May 22, 2015 and March 31, 2015, the Company paid a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per
share on its Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate dividends paid on the Company s Class A common
stock and Class B common stock in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $4.4 million and $3.0 million, respectively.
In November 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per share on its Class A common
stock and Class B common stock for the third quarter of 2016. The dividend will be paid on or about December 2, 2016 to stockholders
of record as of the close of business on November 21, 2016.  

Stock
Repurchase Program   

On
March 11, 2013, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate
of 7.0 million shares of the Company s Class B common stock. There were no repurchases under this program in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. At September 30, 2016, 6.9 million shares remained available for repurchase under the
stock repurchase program.  

Subsidiary
Equity Grant Reclassified to Liability   

GRE
had the right to issue shares of the Company s Class B common stock or pay cash to satisfy its obligations to issue common
stock of GRE upon the vesting of the deferred stock units it had previously granted to officers and employees of the Company.
GRE elected to pay cash for the deferred stock units that vested in June and July 2016. The Company paid cash in the amount of
$1.7 million in August 2016 to satisfy its obligation to issue common stock of GRE.  

Variable
Interest Entity   

Citizens
Choice Energy, LLC ( CCE ), is a REP that resells electricity and natural gas to residential and small business customers
in the State of New York. Since 2011, the Company provided CCE with substantially all of the cash required to fund its operations.
The Company determined that it has the power to direct the activities of CCE that most significantly impact its economic performance
and it has the obligation to absorb losses of CCE that could potentially be significant to CCE on a stand-alone basis. The Company
therefore determined that it is the primary beneficiary of CCE, and as a result, the Company consolidates CCE within its GRE segment.
The Company does not own any interest in CCE and thus the net income or loss incurred by CCE was attributed to noncontrolling
interests in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  

In
October 2015, GRE paid $0.2 million to the owner of the limited liability company interests in CCE, and loaned CCE $0.5 million
in exchange for an option to purchase 100% of the issued and outstanding limited liability company interests of CCE for one dollar
plus the forgiveness of the $0.5 million loan. The option expires on October 22, 2023.  

Net
income (loss) related to CCE and aggregate net funding repaid to (provided by) the Company by CCE in order to finance its operations
were as follows:  

Summarized
combined balance sheet amounts related to CCE was as follows:  

The
assets of CCE may only be used to settle obligations of CCE, and may not be used for other consolidated entities. The liabilities
of CCE are non-recourse to the general credit of the Company s other consolidated entities.  

Note
8 (Loss) Earnings Per Share  

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income or loss attributable to all classes of common stockholders of the Company
by the weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings
per share is computed in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that the number of shares is increased to include
restricted stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially dilutive stock options using the treasury
stock method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive.  

The
weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share attributable to the Company s
common stockholders consists of the following:  

The
following shares were excluded from the diluted loss per share computation because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive:  

The
diluted loss per share equals basic loss per share in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 because the Company had a net loss and the impact of the assumed exercise of stock options and vesting
of restricted stock would have been anti-dilutive.  

An
entity affiliated with Lord (Jacob) Rothschild has a one-time option, subject to certain conditions and exercisable between November
2017 and February 2018, to exchange its GOGAS shares for shares of the Company with equal fair value as determined by the parties.
The number of shares issuable in such an exchange is not currently determinable. If this option is exercised, the shares issued
by the Company may dilute the earnings per share in future periods.  

An
employee of the Company, pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, has the option to exchange his equity interests in
IEI, Afek, Genie Mongolia and any equity interest that he may acquire in other entities that the Company may create, for shares
of the Company. In addition, employees and directors of the Company that were previously granted restricted stock of Afek and
Genie Mongolia have the right to exchange the restricted stock, upon vesting of such shares, into shares of the Company s
Class B common stock. GRE has the right, at its option, to satisfy its obligations to issue common stock of GRE upon the vesting
of the deferred stock units it granted in July 2015 to officers and employees of the Company in shares of the Company s
Class B common stock or cash. These exchanges and issuances, if elected, would be based on the relative fair value of the shares
exchanged or to be issued. The number of shares of the Company s stock issuable in an exchange is not currently determinable.
If shares of the Company s stock are issued upon such exchange, the Company s earnings per share may be diluted in
future periods.  

Note
9 Related Party Transactions   

On
October 28, 2011, the Company was spun-off by IDT, its former parent company, (the  Spin-Off ). The Company entered
into various agreements with IDT prior to the Spin-Off including an agreement for certain services to be performed by the Company
and IDT. Following the Spin-Off, the charges for services provided by IDT are included in  Selling, general and administrative 
expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Also, the Company provides specified administrative services to certain
of IDT s foreign subsidiaries. The charges for these services reduce the Company s  Selling, general and administrative 
expense.  

Note
10 Business Segment Information  

The
Company owns 99.3% of its subsidiary, GEIC, which owns 100% of GRE and 92% of GOGAS. The Company has three reportable business
segments: GRE, Afek and GOGAS. GRE owns REPs including IDT Energy, Residents Energy and Retail Energy Holdings, LLC (see Note
14), and energy brokerage and marketing services. Its REP businesses resell electricity and natural gas to residential and small
business customers primarily in the Eastern United States. The Afek segment is comprised of the Company s 86.2% interest
in Afek, which operates an oil and gas exploration project in the Golan Heights in Northern Israel. GOGAS is an oil and gas exploration
company. The GOGAS segment is comprised of oil shale projects including (1) an 88.3% interest in Genie Mongolia, an oil shale
exploration project in Central Mongolia, which is inactive, (2) a 98.3% interest in AMSO, which operated AMSO, LLC, an oil shale
development project in Colorado that is being decommissioned, and (3) an 86.1% interest in IEI, an oil shale development
project in Israel, which is inactive. GRE has outstanding deferred stock units granted to officers and employees that represent
an interest of 2.6% of the equity of GRE. Corporate costs include unallocated compensation, consulting fees, legal fees, business
development expense and other corporate-related general and administrative expense. Corporate does not generate any revenues,
nor does it incur any cost of revenues.   

The
Company s reportable segments are distinguished by types of service, customers and methods used to provide their services.
The operating results of these business segments are regularly reviewed by the Company s chief operating decision maker.  

The
accounting policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. The Company evaluates the
performance of its business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. There are no significant asymmetrical allocations
to segments.  

Operating
results for the business segments of the Company were as follows:  

Total
assets for the business segments of the Company were as follows:  

Note
11 Commitments and Contingencies  

Legal
Proceedings   

On
March 13, 2014, named plaintiff, Anthony Ferrare, commenced a putative class-action lawsuit against IDT Energy, Inc. in the Court
of Common Pleas of Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania. The complaint was served on IDT Energy on July 16, 2014. The named plaintiff
filed the suit on behalf of himself and other former and current electric customers of IDT Energy in Pennsylvania with variable
rate plans, whom he contends were injured as a result of IDT Energy s allegedly unlawful sales and marketing practices. On
August 7, 2014, IDT Energy removed the case to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. On October
20, 2014, IDT Energy moved to stay or, alternatively, dismiss the complaint, as amended, by the named plaintiff. On November 10,
2014, the named plaintiff opposed IDT Energy s motion to dismiss and IDT Energy filed a reply memorandum of law in further
support of its motion to dismiss. On June 10, 2015, the Court granted IDT Energy s motion to stay and denied its motion
to dismiss without prejudice. The parties participated in mediation, and entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU )
with respect to a proposed settlement of the above-captioned putative class action (as well as the other putative class actions
referred to in this section). There are a number of material issues not addressed by the MOU that must be resolved before
a settlement can be finalized. The parties notified the Court of that development and are working towards finalizing the settlement,
which will need to be approved by the Court. The Company believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit.  

On
June 20, 2014, the Pennsylvania Attorney General s Office ( AG ) and the Acting Consumer Advocate ( OCA )
filed a Joint Complaint against IDT Energy, Inc. with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission ( PUC ). In
the Joint Complaint, the AG and the OCA allege, among other things, various violations of Pennsylvania s Unfair Trade Practices
and Consumer Protection Law, the Telemarketing Registration Act and the Pennsylvania PUC s regulations. IDT Energy reached
an agreement in principle on a settlement with the AG and the OCA to terminate the litigation with no admission of liability or
finding of wrongdoing by IDT Energy. On August 4, 2015, IDT Energy, the AG, and the OCA filed a Joint Petition to the Pennsylvania
PUC seeking approval of the settlement terms. Under the settlement, IDT Energy will issue additional refunds to its Pennsylvania
customers who had variable rates for electricity supply in January, February and March of 2014. IDT Energy will also implement
certain modifications to its sales, marketing and customer service processes, along with additional compliance and reporting requirements.
The settlement was approved by the Pennsylvania PUC on July 8, 2016. In July 2016, IDT Energy paid the agreed-upon $2.4 million
for additional customer refunds to a refund administrator, and that administrator is currently in the process of issuing the additional
refunds to customers.  

On
July 2, 2014, named plaintiff, Louis McLaughlin, filed a putative class-action lawsuit against IDT Energy, Inc. in the United
States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, contending that he and other class members were injured as a result
of IDT Energy s allegedly unlawful sales and marketing practices. The named plaintiff filed the suit on behalf of himself
and two subclasses: all IDT Energy customers who were charged a variable rate for their energy from July 2, 2008, and all
IDT Energy customers who participated in IDT Energy s rebate program from July 2, 2008. On January 22, 2016, the named plaintiff
filed an amended complaint on behalf of himself and all IDT Energy customers in New York State against IDT Energy, Inc., Genie
Retail Energy, Genie Energy International Corporation, and Genie Energy Ltd. (collectively,  IDT Energy ). On February
22, 2016, IDT Energy moved to dismiss the amended complaint, and the named plaintiff opposed that motion. The parties participated
in mediation, and entered into a MOU with respect to a proposed settlement of the above-captioned putative class action (as well
as the other putative class actions referred to in this section). There are a number of material issues not addressed by
the MOU that must be resolved before a settlement can be finalized. The parties notified the Court of that development and
are working towards finalizing the settlement, which will need to be approved by the Court. The Company believes that the claims
in this lawsuit are without merit.  

On
July 15, 2014, named plaintiff, Kimberly Aks, commenced a putative class-action lawsuit against IDT Energy, Inc. in New Jersey
Superior Court, Essex County, contending that she and other class members were injured as a result of IDT Energy s alleged
unlawful sales and marketing practices. The named plaintiff filed the suit on behalf of herself and all other New Jersey
residents who were IDT Energy customers at any time between July 11, 2008 and the present. The parties were engaged in discovery
prior to the mediation described below. On April 20, 2016, the named plaintiff filed an amended complaint on behalf of herself
and all IDT Energy customers in New Jersey against IDT Energy, Inc., Genie Retail Energy, Genie Energy International Corporation
and Genie Energy Ltd. On June 27, 2016, defendants Genie Retail Energy, Genie Energy International Corporation and Genie Energy
Ltd. filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On August 26, 2016, the named plaintiff opposed that motion and IDT Energy
filed a reply memorandum of law in further support of its motion to dismiss. The Court granted the motion to dismiss, but the
parties agreed to set aside that decision to give the plaintiff an opportunity to submit opposition papers that had not been considered
by the Court in rendering its decision. The parties participated in mediation, and entered into a MOU with respect to a proposed
settlement of the above-captioned putative class action (as well as the other putative class actions referred to in this section). There
are a number of material issues not addressed by the MOU that must be resolved before a settlement can be finalized. The
parties notified the Court of that development and are working towards finalizing the settlement, which will need to be approved
by the Court. The Company believes that the claims in this lawsuit are without merit.  

In
addition to the above, the Company may from time to time be subject to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of
business. Although there can be no assurance in this regard, the Company does not expect any of those legal proceedings to have
a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

New
York Public Service Commission Orders   

On
February 23, 2016, the New York Public Service Commission ( PSC ) issued an order that sought to impose significant
new restrictions on REPs operating in New York, including those owned by GRE. The restrictions described in the PSC s order,
which were to become effective March 4, 2016, would require that all REPs  electricity and natural gas offerings to residential
and small business customers include an annual guarantee of savings compared to the price charged by the relevant incumbent utility
or, for electricity offerings, provide at least 30% of the supply from renewable sources. Customers not enrolled in a compliant
program would be relinquished back to the local utility at the end of their contract period or, for variable price customers operating
on month to month agreements, at the end of the current monthly billing cycle.  

On
March 4, 2016, a group of parties from the REP industry sought and won a temporary restraining order to stay implementation of
the most restrictive portions of the PSC s order pending a court hearing on those parties  motion for a preliminary
injunction. On July 25, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, County of Albany, entered a decision and order granting the Petitioners 
petition, vacated provisions 1 through 3 of the Order, and remitted the matter to the PSC for further proceedings consistent with
the court s order.  

The
PSC has indicated that it intends to issue a new order to achieve similar objectives without the deficiencies cited by the Court.
The Company is evaluating the potential impact of any new order from the PSC in response to the Court s vacating of the
PSC s order on its New York operations, while preparing to operate in compliance with any new requirements that may be imposed.
Depending on the final language of any new order, as well as the Company s ability to modify its relationships with its
New York customers, an order could have a substantial impact upon the operations of GRE-owned REPs in New York.  

On
July 14, 2016, the PSC issued an Order restricting REPs, including those owned by GRE, from serving customers enrolled in New
York s utility low-income assistance programs. Most recently, on September 27, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, Albany
County, issued an order temporarily restraining the PSC from implementing the July 14, 2016 Order. Representatives of the REP
industry challenged the ruling in Court on both procedural and substantive grounds. The judge set a November 18, 2016 return date
for the industry s request to continue that injunction for the duration of the proceeding, which seeks an order permanently
invalidating the PSC s order.  

Purchase
Commitments   

The
Company had purchase commitments of $16.5 million at September 30, 2016. The purchase commitments outstanding at September 30,
2016 are expected to be paid as follows: $12.1 million in the twelve months ending September 30, 2017, $3.3 million in the twelve
months ending September 30, 2018 and $1.1 million in the twelve months ending September 30, 2019.  

Renewable
Energy Credits   

GRE
must obtain a certain percentage or amount of its power supply from renewable energy sources in order to meet the requirements
of renewable portfolio standards in the states in which it operates. This requirement may be met by obtaining renewable energy
credits that provide evidence that electricity has been generated by a qualifying renewable facility or resource. At September
30, 2016, GRE had commitments to purchase renewable energy credits of $42.1 million.  

Tax
Audits   

The
Company is subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various taxes. Amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount
ultimately assessed against the Company could be greater than accrued amounts. Accordingly, additional provisions may be recorded
in the future as revised estimates are made or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result
of tax audits could have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  

Letters
of Credit   

At
September 30, 2016, the Company had letters of credit outstanding totaling $8.2 million primarily for the benefit of regional
transmission organizations that coordinate the movement of wholesale electricity and for certain utility companies. The letters
of credit outstanding at September 30, 2016 expire as follows: $6.5 million in the twelve months ending September 30, 2017 and
$1.7 million in the twelve months ending September 30, 2018.  

Performance
Bonds   

GRE
has performance bonds issued through a third party for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states 
financial requirements for REPs. At September 30, 2016, GRE had aggregate performance bonds of $7.4 million outstanding.  

Other
Contingencies   

As
of November 19, 2015, IDT Energy and certain of its affiliates entered into an Amended and Restated Preferred Supplier Agreement
with BP Energy Company ( BP ). The agreement s termination date is November 30, 2019, except either party may
terminate the agreement on November 30, 2018 by giving the other party notice by May 31, 2018. Under the agreement, IDT Energy
purchases electricity and natural gas at market rate plus a fee. IDT Energy s obligations to BP are secured by a first security
interest in deposits or receivables from utilities in connection with their purchase of IDT Energy s customer s receivables,
and in any cash deposits or letters of credit posted in connection with any collateral accounts with BP. IDT Energy s ability
to purchase electricity and natural gas under this agreement is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions including the maintenance
of certain covenants. At September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with such covenants. At September 30, 2016, restricted
cash short-term of $0.2 million and trade accounts receivable of $33.1 million were pledged to BP as collateral for the
payment of IDT Energy s trade accounts payable to BP of $8.7 million at September 30, 2016.  

Note
12 Revolving Lines of Credit   

On
December 17, 2015, GRE, IDT Energy and certain affiliates entered into a Credit Agreement with Maple Bank GmbH for a revolving
loan facility. On December 17, 2015, GRE borrowed $2.0 million under the facility. In February 2016, the German banking regulator,
Bafin, closed Maple Bank GmbH due to impending financial over-indebtedness related to tax-evasion investigations. In September
2016, GRE, and its affiliates entered into a settlement agreement with the court appointed liquidator of Maple Bank. Under this
agreement, GRE paid $1.8 million as a full settlement of all of its obligations, and the revolving loan facility was terminated.
Accordingly, GRE recorded a gain from this settlement of $0.2 million.  

As
of April 23, 2012, the Company and IDT Energy entered into a Loan Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank for a revolving line of credit
for up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. The proceeds from the line of credit may be used to provide working capital
and for the issuance of letters of credit. The Company agreed to deposit cash in a money market account at JPMorgan Chase Bank
as collateral for the line of credit equal to the greater of (a) $10.0 million or (b) the sum of the amount of letters of credit
outstanding plus the outstanding principal under the revolving note. The Company is not permitted to withdraw funds or exercise
any authority over the required balance in the collateral account. The principal outstanding will bear interest at the lesser
of (a) the LIBOR rate multiplied by the statutory reserve rate established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
plus 1.0% per annum, or (b) the maximum rate per annum permitted by whichever of applicable federal or Texas laws permit the higher
interest rate. Interest is payable at least every three months and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest
is due on the maturity date of May 31, 2017. The Company pays a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.08% per annum on the difference
between $25.0 million and the average daily outstanding principal balance of the note. In addition, as of April 23, 2012, GEIC
issued a Corporate Guaranty to JPMorgan Chase Bank whereby GEIC unconditionally guarantees the full payment of all indebtedness
of the Company and IDT Energy under the Loan Agreement. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no amounts borrowed
under the line of credit, and cash collateral of $10.0 million was included in  Restricted cash short-term 
in the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, letters of credit of $8.2 million
and $7.7 million, respectively, were outstanding.  

Note
13 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted   

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly
issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under
U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ). The goals of the revenue recognition project were
to clarify and converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline
and enhance revenue recognition requirements. The Company will adopt this standard on January 1, 2018. Entities have the option
of using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. The Company is evaluating
the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
July 2015, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) that simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventory.
The amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method.
The ASU changes the measurement of inventory to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.
The Company measures GRE s natural gas inventory at weighted average cost. The Company will adopt the amendments in this
ASU on January 1, 2017. The Company does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant impact on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to provide more information about recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among other changes, the following: (1) equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation) will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting period to identify impairment of equity investments without
readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial liabilities will be presented separately by measurement category
and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements, and (4) an entity should evaluate the
need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s
other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized holding gains and losses on equity securities
classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income. In addition, a practicability exception will be available for
equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and do not qualify for the net asset value practical expedient.
These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes
in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Entities will have to reassess at each reporting
period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability exception. The Company will adopt the amendments in this ASU on
January 1, 2018. The Company is evaluating the impact that the ASU will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU )
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. The Company will adopt the new standard on January 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition
approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. The Company is evaluating
the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the  FASB  issued an  ASU to i mprove
the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company will
adopt the new standard on January 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will adopt the new standard on January 1, 2020. The Company is evaluating the impact
that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

Note
14 Subsequent Event    

On November 2, 2016, GRE acquired Retail Energy
Holdings, LLC ( REH ), a privately held owner of REPs, for $9.5 million plus $1.4 million for REH s working
capital, or an aggregate cash payment of $10.9 million. The amount paid for REH s working capital is subject to adjustment.
REH operates as Town Square Energy in eight Eastern states, serving approximately 47,000 electricity residential customer equivalents.
REH s licenses and customer base expands GRE s geographic footprint to four new states   New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, Massachusetts and Connecticut   and provides additional electricity customers in New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio and
Pennsylvania. REH will be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary utilizing the Town Square Energy brand. 

Item 2. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

The
following information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the associated
notes thereto of this Quarterly Report, and the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto and our Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (or SEC).  

As
used below, unless the context otherwise requires, the terms  the Company,   Genie,   we, 
 us,  and  our  refer to Genie Energy Ltd., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively.  

Forward-Looking
Statements  

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words  believes, 
 anticipates,   expects,   plans,   intends,  and similar words and phrases. These
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
results projected in any forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements,
other important factors, risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed under Item 1A to Part I  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 and in Item 1A to Part II  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements are made as of the
date of this report and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual
results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information set
forth in this report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities
Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015.  

Overview  

We
own 99.3% of our subsidiary, Genie Energy International Corporation, or GEIC, which owns 100% of Genie Retail Energy, or GRE,
and 92% of Genie Oil and Gas, Inc., or GOGAS. Our principal businesses consist of the following:  

Genie
                                         Retail Energy owns retail energy providers, or REPs, including IDT Energy, Inc., or IDT
                                         Energy, Residents Energy, Inc., or Residents Energy, and Retail Energy Holdings, LLC,
                                         and energy brokerage and marketing services. Its REP businesses resell electricity and
                                         natural gas to residential and small business customers primarily in the Eastern United
                                         States; and    

Genie
                                         Oil and Gas is an oil and gas exploration company that consists of:    

an
                                         86.2% interest in Afek Oil and Gas, Ltd., or Afek, which operates an exploration project
                                         in the Golan Heights in Northern Israel, and    

other
                                         projects including (1) an 88.3% interest in Genie Mongolia, Inc., or Genie Mongolia,
                                         an oil shale exploration project in Central Mongolia, which is inactive, (2) a 98.3%
                                         interest in American Shale Oil Corporation, or AMSO, which operated American Shale Oil,
                                         L.L.C., or AMSO, LLC, an oil shale development project in Colorado that is being
                                         decommissioned, and (3) an 86.1% interest in Israel Energy Initiatives, Ltd., or
                                         IEI, an oil shale development project in Israel, which is inactive.    

GRE
has outstanding deferred stock units granted to officers and employees that represent an interest of 2.6% of the equity of GRE.  

On
March 23, 2016, Total S.A., or Total, gave AMSO its notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal was effective on April
30, 2016.  

As
part of our ongoing business development efforts, we continuously seek out new opportunities, which may include complementary
operations or businesses that reflect horizontal or vertical expansion from our current operations. Some of these potential opportunities
are considered briefly and others are examined in further depth. In particular, we seek out acquisitions to expand the geographic
scope and size of our REP businesses, and additional energy exploration projects to diversify our GOGAS unit s operations,
among geographies, technologies and resources.  

On November 2, 2016, GRE acquired Retail Energy
Holdings, LLC, or REH, a privately held owner of REPs, for $9.5 million plus $1.4 million for REH s working capital, or
an aggregate cash payment of $10.9 million. The amount paid for REH s working capital is subject to adjustment. REH operates
as Town Square Energy in eight Eastern states, serving approximately 47,000 electricity residential customer equivalents, or RCEs.
REH s licenses and customer base expands GRE s geographic footprint to four new states   New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, Massachusetts and Connecticut   and provides additional electricity customers in New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio and
Pennsylvania. REH will be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary utilizing the Town Square Energy brand. 

Genie
Retail Energy   

Seasonality
and Weather   

The
weather and the seasons, among other things, affect GRE s revenues. Weather conditions have a significant impact on the
demand for natural gas used for heating and electricity used for heating and cooling. Typically, colder winters increase demand
for natural gas and electricity, and hotter summers increase demand for electricity. Milder winters and/or summers have the opposite
effects. Natural gas revenues typically increase in the first quarter due to increased heating demands and electricity revenues
typically increase in the third quarter due to increased air conditioning use. Approximately 64% and 59% of GRE s natural
gas revenues for the relevant years were generated in the first quarter of 2015 and 2014, respectively, when demand for heating
was highest. Although the demand for electricity is not as seasonal as natural gas (due, in part, to usage of electricity for
both heating and cooling), approximately 30% and 20% of GRE s electricity revenues for the relevant years were generated
in the third quarter of 2015 and 2014, respectively. Because of dramatic increases in wholesale electricity prices in January
and February 2014, the retail electricity prices that the GRE-owned REPs and many other variable rate electricity suppliers charged
to their customers also increased sharply. As a result, approximately 45% of GRE s electricity revenues in 2014 were generated
in the first quarter of 2014. Our revenues and operating income are subject to material seasonal variations, and the interim financial
results are not necessarily indicative of the estimated financial results for the full year.  

Concentration
of Customers and Associated Credit Risk   

The
GRE-owned REPs reduce their customer credit risk by participating in purchase of receivable, or POR, programs for a majority of
their receivables. In addition to providing billing and collection services, utility companies purchase those REPs  receivables
and assume all credit risk without recourse to those REPs. The GRE-owned REPs  primary credit risk is therefore nonpayment
by the utility companies. Certain of the utility companies represent significant portions of our consolidated revenues and consolidated
gross trade accounts receivable balance and such concentrations increase our risk associated with nonpayment by those utility
companies.  

The
following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated revenues from customers by utility company that equal or exceed 10%
of our consolidated revenues in the period (no other single utility company accounted for 10% or greater of our consolidated revenues
in these periods):  

na-less
than 10% of consolidated revenue in the period  

The
following table summarizes the percentage of consolidated gross trade accounts receivable by utility company that equal or exceed
10% of consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (no other single utility company
accounted for 10% or greater of our consolidated gross trade accounts receivable at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015):  

na-less
than 10% of consolidated gross trade accounts receivable  

New
York Public Service Commission Orders   

On
February 23, 2016, the New York Public Service Commission, or PSC, issued an order that sought to impose significant new restrictions
on REPs operating in New York, including those owned by GRE. The restrictions described in the PSC s order, which were to
become effective March 4, 2016, would require that all REPs  electricity and natural gas offerings to residential and small
business customers include an annual guarantee of savings compared to the price charged by the relevant incumbent utility or,
for electricity offerings, provide at least 30% of the supply from renewable sources. Customers not enrolled in a compliant
program would be relinquished back to the local utility at the end of their contract period or, for variable price customers operating
on month to month agreements, at the end of the current monthly billing cycle.  

On
March 4, 2016, a group of parties from the REP industry sought and won a temporary restraining order to stay implementation of
the most restrictive portions of the PSC s order pending a court hearing on those parties  motion for a preliminary
injunction. On July 25, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, County of Albany, entered a decision and order granting the Petitioners 
petition, vacated provisions 1 through 3 of the Order, and remitted the matter to the PSC for further proceedings consistent with
the Court s order.  

The
PSC has indicated that it intends to issue a new order to achieve similar objectives without the deficiencies cited by the Court.
We are evaluating the potential impact of any new order from the PSC in response to the Court s vacating of the PSC s
order on our New York operations, while preparing to operate in compliance with any new requirements that may be imposed. Depending
on the final language of any new order, as well as our ability to modify our relationships with our New York customers, an order
could have a substantial impact upon the operations of GRE-owned REPs in New York.  

On
July 14, 2016, the PSC issued an Order restricting REPs, including those owned by GRE, from serving customers enrolled in New
York s utility low-income assistance programs. Most recently, on September 27, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, Albany
County, issued an order temporarily restraining the PSC from implementing the July 14, 2016 Order. Representatives of the REP
industry challenged the ruling in Court on both procedural and substantive grounds. The judge set a November 18, 2016 return date
for the industry s request to continue that injunction for the duration of the proceeding, which seeks an order permanently
invalidating the PSC s order.  

Afek
Oil and Gas, Ltd.  

In April 2013, the Government of Israel finalized
the award to Afek of an exclusive three-year petroleum exploration license covering 396.5 square kilometers in the southern portion
of the Golan Heights. In April 2016, Afek received an extension of its license from the Israeli Ministry of Energy and Water through
April 9, 2017. Israel s Northern District Planning and Building Committee granted Afek a one-year permit that commenced in
February 2015 to conduct an up to ten-well oil and gas exploration program. On February 1, 2016, Israel s Northern District
Planning and Building Committee approved a two-year extension of that permit. This permit extension is expected to cover the remainder
of Afek s ongoing exploration program in the area covered by its exploration license. Afek is conducting a multi-well oil
and gas exploration program pursuant to that license. 

In February 2015, Afek began drilling its first
exploratory well. To date, Afek has completed drilling five wells in the Southern region of its license area. Afek continues to
analyze data collected from the five wells drilled and from the flow tests conducted at two of the completed wells. In light of
the analysis received in the third quarter of 2016 and given current market conditions, Afek determined that, based on current
information, it did not have a clear path to demonstrate probable or possible reserves in the Southern region of its license area
over the next 12 to 18 months. Since there was substantial doubt regarding the economic viability of these wells, in the three
months ended September 30, 2016, Afek wrote off the $41.0 million of capitalized exploration costs incurred in the Southern region.
Certain analysis and non-field work continues related to the Southern portion of Afek s license area. 

Afek has turned its operational focus to the
Northern region of its license area. The data analyzed to date suggests that the Southern block resources may extend northward
at depths potentially sufficient to have induced a greater level of maturation of the resource. To validate this hypothesis, Afek
plans to drill an exploration well at one of the Northern sites in its original drilling permit approvals. Subject to permitting
and completion of drilling rig upgrades, Afek expects to spud this well in the first quarter of 2017. 

Afek
is seeking financing for the next phase of activity from a variety of sources, some of which could result in a process by which
Afek would become an independent entity.  

Afek
assesses the economic and operational viability of its project on an ongoing basis. The assessment requires significant estimates
and assumptions by management. Should our estimates or assumptions regarding the recoverability of future capitalized exploration
costs, if any, prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairments of such costs in future periods and such impairments
could be material.  

Investment
in American Shale Oil, LLC   

AMSO,
LLC holds a research, development and demonstration lease awarded by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management that covers an area of
160 acres in western Colorado. Through April 30, 2016, we accounted for our ownership interest in AMSO, LLC using the equity method
since we had the ability to exercise significant influence over its operating and financial matters, although we did not control
AMSO, LLC. AMSO, LLC was a variable interest entity, however, we determined that we were not the primary beneficiary.  

On
February 23, 2016, Total notified AMSO of its decision not to continue to fund AMSO, LLC. On March 23, 2016, Total gave AMSO its
notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal was effective on April 30, 2016. We are currently decommissioning the project.
As of April 1, 2016, AMSO and Total agreed that Total would pay AMSO, LLC $3.0 million as full payment of its share of all costs
associated with the decommissioning, winding up and dissolution of AMSO, LLC. Total will not be refunded any amount if the decommissioning
costs are less than $3.0 million. Effective April 30, 2016, AMSO, LLC s assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash
flows are included in our consolidated financial statements.  

We
accounted for our acquisition on April 30, 2016 of Total s ownership interest in AMSO, LLC as a business combination. We
estimated the fair value of AMSO, LLC to be nil, as it had ceased operations and its shutdown was in progress. We recognized a
gain from the acquisition of Total s interest in AMSO, LLC because we acquired the net assets of AMSO, LLC while no consideration
was transferred by us, due to our assumption of the risk associated with the shutdown obligations. The gain also included our
gain on the remeasurement of AMSO s investment in AMSO, LLC at its acquisition date fair value. The aggregate gain recognized
was $1.3 million, which was included in  Gain on consolidation of AMSO, LLC  in the consolidated statements of operations.  

Critical
Accounting Policies  

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The preparation of financial
statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require
application of management s most subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain
and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting policies include those related to the allowance for doubtful accounts,
goodwill, oil and gas accounting and income taxes. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other
factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. For additional discussion of our critical accounting policies, see our Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted   

In
May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued a
comprehensive new revenue recognition standard that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under U.S.
GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards, or IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition project were to clarify and
converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline and enhance
revenue recognition requirements. We will adopt this standard on January 1, 2018. Entities have the option of using either a full
retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. We are evaluating the impact that the standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
July 2015, the FASB issued an Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, that simplifies the subsequent measurement of inventory. The
amendments in this ASU do not apply to inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. The
ASU changes the measurement of inventory to the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated
selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.
We measure GRE s natural gas inventory at weighted average cost. We will adopt the amendments in this ASU on January 1,
2017. We do not expect the adoption of this ASU to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
January 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to provide more information about recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
financial instruments. The amendments in the ASU include, among other changes, the following: (1) equity investments (except those
accounted for under the equity method or that result in consolidation) will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income, (2) a qualitative assessment each reporting period to identify impairment of equity investments without
readily determinable fair values, (3) financial assets and financial liabilities will be presented separately by measurement category
and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the notes to the financial statements, and (4) an entity should evaluate the
need for a valuation allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale securities in combination with the entity s
other deferred tax assets. Entities will no longer be able to recognize unrealized holding gains and losses on equity securities
classified as available-for-sale in other comprehensive income. In addition, a practicability exception will be available for
equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values and do not qualify for the net asset value practical expedient.
These investments may be measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes
in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. Entities will have to reassess at each reporting
period whether an investment qualifies for this practicability exception. We will adopt the amendments in this ASU on January
1, 2018. We are evaluating the impact that the ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use, or ROU,
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. We will adopt the new standard on January 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are evaluating the impact that the
new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the  FASB  issued an  ASU to i mprove
the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based
payment transactions, including the income tax consequences and classification on the statement of cash flows. We will adopt the
new standard on January 1, 2017. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. We will adopt the new standard on January 1, 2020. We are evaluating the impact that the new
standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

Results
of Operations  

We
evaluate the performance of our operating business segments based primarily on income (loss) from operations. Accordingly, the
income and expense line items below income (loss) from operations are only included in our discussion of the consolidated results
of operations.  

Three
and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Genie
Retail Energy Segment   

See
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1to Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for reclassifications
and error corrections to GRE s results of operations. The amounts in the following discussion reflect such reclassifications
and corrections for all periods.  

Revenues .
GRE s electricity revenue increased in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in
2015 because of an increase in electricity consumption, which increased 17.6% and 9.1% in the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increase in electricity consumption was the result of increases
in meters served and average consumption per meter. Electricity meters served increased 5.5% and 7.0% in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. Average consumption per meter increased 11.5% and
2.0% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015. The increase in
GRE s electricity revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 was
partially offset by a decrease in the average rate charged to customers for electricity, which decreased 6.6% and 4.4% in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.  

GRE's
natural gas revenue decreased in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015 because
of decreases in both the average rate charged to customers and natural gas consumption. The average rate charged to customers
for natural gas decreased 15.1% and 24.9% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the
same periods in 2015. The decrease in the average rate charged to customers in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the same period in 2015 was mostly due to a 30.4% decrease in the underlying commodity cost in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Natural gas consumption decreased 8.2% and 16.8% in the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the same periods in 2015. The decrease in natural gas consumption was partially the result of a
decrease in meters served, which decreased 2.3% and 2.6% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to the same periods in 2015, and the 6.0% and 14.6% decrease in average consumption per meter in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2015.  

The
customer base for the GRE-owned REPs as measured by meters served consisted of the following:  

Gross
meter acquisitions in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 58,000 and 74,000, respectively. Gross meter acquisitions
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 181,000 and 205,000, respectively. In 2016 and 2015, the GRE-owned REPs
had success in selling  IDT Energy  SmartBudget  and other offerings with fixed rate characteristics. Net meters
served decreased by 7,000 or 1.6% in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to an increase of 11,000 or 2.8% in the
three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 9,000 or 2.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
an increase of 25,000 or 6.9% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 mostly due to the decrease in gross meter acquisitions.
Average monthly churn decreased from 6.7% in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 6.4% in the three months ended September
30, 2016, and was basically unchanged at 6.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

GRE-owned REPs began operations in Ohio in the
second quarter of 2016, and have applications pending to enter into additional utility service areas, primarily electric and dual
meter territories, in various locations in the states where we currently operate and in other jurisdictions. In addition, on November
2, 2016, GRE acquired REH, a privately held owner of REPs that operates as Town Square Energy in eight Eastern states. REH s
licenses and customer base expands GRE s geographic footprint to four new states   New Hampshire, Rhode Island, Massachusetts
and Connecticut   and provides additional electricity customers in New Jersey, Maryland, Ohio and Pennsylvania. REH will
be operated as a wholly owned subsidiary utilizing the Town Square Energy brand. We continue to evaluate additional, deregulation-driven
opportunities in order to expand our business geographically. 

The
average rates of annualized energy consumption, as measured by RCEs are presented in the chart below. An RCE represents a natural
gas customer with annual consumption of 100 mmbtu or an electricity customer with annual consumption of 10 MWh. Because different
customers have different rates of energy consumption, RCEs are an industry standard metric for evaluating the consumption profile
of a given retail customer base.  

The
decrease in RCEs at September 30, 2016 compared to September 30, 2015 was primarily due to changing weather patterns as well as
the decline in natural gas meters served.  

Other
revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes revenue earned by Diversegy, LLC, or Diversegy,
and IDT Energy Network, or IDTEN (formerly Epiq Energy, LLC), both of which were acquired in December 2013. Diversegy and IDTEN
earn commissions, entry fees and other fees from their retail energy advisory and brokerage business and network marketing business,
respectively.  

Cost
of Revenues and Gross Margin Percentage . GRE s cost of revenues and gross margin percentage were as follows:  

Cost
of revenue for electricity increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily
because of the 17.6% increase in electricity consumption in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015 and the 4.6% increase in the average unit cost of electricity in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015. Gross margin on electricity sales decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015 because of the increase in cost of revenues for electricity and in the average unit cost of electricity,
as well as competitive factors that did not allow us to pass along these increases to customers. Cost of revenue for electricity
decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily because of the 15.3% decrease
in the average unit cost of electricity in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, partially
offset by the 9.1% increase in electricity consumption in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015. Gross margin on electricity sales increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in
2015 because of the declines in cost of revenues for electricity and in the average unit cost of electricity.  

Cost
of revenue for natural gas decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily
because of the 8.2% decrease in natural gas consumption in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period
in 2015, partially offset by a 1.6% increase in the average unit cost of natural gas in the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. Gross margin on natural gas sales decreased to negative 2.7% in the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 because the average rate charged to customers decreased and the average unit cost
of natural gas increased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Cost of revenue for
natural gas decreased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 because the average unit
cost of natural gas decreased 30.4% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015, and natural
gas consumption decreased 16.8% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. Gross margin
on natural gas sales increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 because the average
rate charged to customers decreased less than the average unit cost of natural gas.  

Other
cost of revenues primarily includes commission expense incurred by Diversegy and IDTEN.  

Selling,
General and Administrative . The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to decreases in customer acquisition costs, POR fees and payroll
expense, partially offset by an increase in regulatory and legal fees. The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to a decrease in costs for regulatory
and legal matters, partially offset by increase in customer acquisition costs. As a percentage of GRE s total revenues,
selling, general and administrative expense decreased from 25.1% in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 21.5% in the
three months ended September 30, 2016, and decreased from 24.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 24.0% in the nine
months ended September 30, 2016.  

Afek
Segment   

Afek
does not currently generate any revenues, nor does it incur any cost of revenues.  

nm not
meaningful  

General
and Administrative . General and administrative expense was basically unchanged in the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015. General and administrative expense increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same period in 2015 primarily because of increases in payroll and related expense.  

Exploration.  In February 2015, Afek began
drilling its first exploratory well. To date, Afek has completed drilling five wells in the Southern region of its license area.
Afek continues to analyze data collected from the five wells drilled and from the flow tests conducted at two of the completed
wells. Certain analysis and non-field work continues related to the Southern portion of Afek s license area. Afek has turned
its operational focus to the Northern region of its license area. Afek plans to drill an exploration well at one of the Northern
sites in its original drilling permit approvals. Subject to permitting and completion of drilling rig upgrades, Afek expects to
spud this well in the first quarter of 2017. 

Write-Off of Capitalized Exploration Costs.  Afek
assesses the economic and operational viability of its project on an ongoing basis. The assessment requires significant estimates
and assumptions by management. In light of the analysis received in the third quarter of 2016 and given current market conditions,
Afek determined that, based on current information, it did not have a clear path to demonstrate probable or possible reserves in
the Southern region of its license area over the next 12 to 18 months. Since there was substantial doubt regarding the economic
viability of these wells, in the three months ended September 30, 2016, Afek wrote off the $41.0 million of capitalized exploration
costs incurred in the Southern region. 

Genie
Oil and Gas Segment   

Genie
Oil and Gas does not currently generate any revenues, nor does it incur any cost of revenues. On March 23, 2016, Total gave AMSO
its notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal was effective on April 30, 2016. As a result of Total s withdrawal,
beginning on April 30, 2016, AMSO, LLC s assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash flows are included in our consolidated
financial statements.  

nm not
meaningful  

General
and Administrative . General and administrative expense decreased in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to
the same period in 2015 primarily due to the suspension of IEI and Genie Mongolia s operations. General and administrative
expense was substantially unchanged in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 due to a decrease
in stock-based compensation expense that was mostly offset by the consolidation of AMSO, LLC s general and administrative
expense of $0.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. We expect in future periods that AMSO, LLC will incur additional
costs, such as severance, that could not be accrued at April 30, 2016.  

Research
and Development.  Research and development expense consist of the following:  

Genie
Mongolia s research and development expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 related to the
joint geological survey agreement with the Republic of Mongolia, which was executed in April 2013, to explore certain of that
country s oil shale deposits. In late 2015, we scaled back operations in Mongolia, and in 2016 we suspended our operations.  

IEI
had an exclusive Shale Oil Exploration and Production License awarded in July 2008 by the Government of Israel. The license was
extended until July 2015 when it expired. IEI is evaluating whether and how to exploit the abundant oil shale resource in Israel.
Operations at IEI are currently suspended.  

Gain
on consolidation of AMSO, LLC.   On February 23, 2016, Total notified AMSO of its decision
not to continue to fund AMSO, LLC.  On March 23, 2016, Total gave AMSO its notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal
was effective on April 30, 2016.  We are currently decommissioning the project.  As of April
1, 2016, AMSO and Total agreed that Total would pay AMSO, LLC $3.0 million as full payment of its share of all costs associated
with the decommissioning, winding up and dissolution of AMSO, LLC. Total will not be refunded any amount if the decommissioning
costs are less than $3.0 million. We accounted for our acquisition on April 30, 2016 of Total s ownership interest in AMSO,
LLC as a business combination. We estimated the fair value of AMSO, LLC to be nil, as it had ceased operations and its shutdown
was in progress. We recognized a gain from the acquisition of Total s interest in AMSO, LLC because we acquired the net
assets of AMSO, LLC while no consideration was transferred by us, due to our assumption of the risk associated with the shutdown
obligations. The gain also included our gain on the remeasurement of AMSO s investment in AMSO, LLC at its acquisition date
fair value. The aggregate gain recognized was $1.3 million.  

Equity
in the Net Loss of AMSO, LLC . In part because of AMSO s decisions not to fund all of its share of AMSO, LLC s
expenditures in 2014 and 2015,  AMSO, LLC allocated its net loss mostly to Total  from January
1, 2016 until April 30, 2016, the effective date of Total s withdrawal from AMSO, LLC, and in the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Equity in the net loss of AMSO, LLC was nil and $0.1 million in the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.2 million and $0.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
As a result of Total s withdrawal, beginning on April 30, 2016, AMSO, LLC s results of operations are included in
our consolidated financial statements.  

Corporate   

Corporate
does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any cost of revenues. Corporate costs include unallocated compensation, consulting
fees, legal fees, business development expense and other corporate-related general and administrative expense.  

The
increase in general and administrative expense in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in
2015 was due primarily to increases in payroll and related expense and professional and consulting fees. Corporate general and
administrative expense increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 primarily
because of an increase in payroll and related expense, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense. As
a percentage of our consolidated revenues, Corporate general and administrative expense decreased from 4.0% in the three months
ended September 30, 2015 to 3.8% in the three months ended September 30, 2016, and increased from 4.0% in the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to 4.3% in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily because of the change in revenues.  

Consolidated   

Selling,
General and Administrative . On October 28, 2011, we were spun-off by IDT Corporation, or IDT, our former parent company (the
Spin-Off). Pursuant to an agreement between us and IDT, IDT charges us for services it provides to us, and we charge IDT for services
that we provide to certain of IDT s subsidiaries. The amounts that IDT charged us, net of the amounts that we charged IDT,
were $0.3 million and $0.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $0.9 million and $1.2
million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were included in consolidated selling, general
and administrative expense.  

Stock-based
compensation expense included in consolidated selling, general and administrative expense was $1.2 million and $1.2 million in
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $3.5 million and $4.1 million in the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016, aggregate unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock-based
compensation was $9.4 million. The unrecognized compensation cost is recognized over the expected service period.  

The
following is a discussion of our consolidated income and expense line items below (loss) income from operations:  

nm not
meaningful  

Other
Income (Expense), net . In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, other income (expense), net included $0.2 million
gain from the repayment of the Maple Bank GmbH revolving credit loan payable. In addition, other income (expense), net, included
foreign currency translation gains of $0.1 million and $21,000 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
foreign currency translation gains of $25,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and foreign currency translation losses
of $0.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Provision
for Income Taxes . The change in the provision for income taxes in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
compared to the same periods in 2015 was primarily due to the change in income tax expense in GRE. GRE includes IDT Energy, certain
limited liability companies and our consolidated variable interest entity. For purposes of computing Federal income taxes, we
consolidate the GOGAS and Afek entities so that the losses from those businesses offset the taxable income from GRE and reduce
the consolidated tax provision. Afek s write-off of capitalized exploration costs of $41.0 million only affected the
income tax provision to bring it to zero because the write-off increased Afek s net operating losses, which are fully offset
by a valuation allowance so no additional benefit was recorded. State and local taxes however, have no offset and increased in
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the similar periods in 2015. IDT Energy and the limited liability
companies are included in our consolidated return. Citizen s Choice Energy, LLC, or CCE, is our consolidated variable interest
entity, which files a separate tax return since we do not have any ownership interest in this variable interest entity. The following
table summarizes GRE s aggregate income before income taxes and provision for income taxes:  

Net
Loss Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests.  The change in the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the similar periods in 2015 was primarily due to the noncontrolling
interest s share of Afek s write-off of capitalized exploration costs. In the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the noncontrolling interest in Afek was 13.8% and the write-off of capitalized exploration costs was $41.0 million.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources  

General

We
currently expect that our operations in the next twelve months and the $42.3 million balance of cash and cash equivalents that
we held at September 30, 2016 will be sufficient to meet our currently anticipated cash requirements for at least the twelve months
ending September 30, 2017, including Afek s anticipated expenditures in the twelve months ending September 30, 2017.  

Afek
is seeking financing for the next phase of activity from a variety of sources, some of which could result in a process by which
Afek would become an independent entity.  

At
September 30, 2016, we had working capital (current assets less current liabilities) of $69.3 million.  

Operating
Activities    

Cash
provided by operating activities was $11.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $0.6 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Our cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending
on our operating results and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade
accounts payable, including payments relating to our exploration and research and development activities.  

CCE
is a consolidated variable interest entity. We determined that since the acquisition of the interest in CCE, we had the power
to direct the activities of CCE that most significantly impact its economic performance, and we have the obligation to absorb
losses of CCE that could potentially be significant to CCE on a stand-alone basis. We therefore determined that we are the primary
beneficiary of CCE, and as a result, we consolidate CCE within our GRE segment. We provided CCE with all of the cash required
to fund its operations. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we provided CCE with net funding of $0.4 million to finance
its operations. In the nine months ended September 30, 2015, CCE repaid to us $0.9 million.  

As
of November 19, 2015, IDT Energy and certain of its affiliates entered into an Amended and Restated Preferred Supplier Agreement
with BP Energy Company, or BP. The agreement s termination date is November 30, 2019, except either party may terminate
the agreement on November 30, 2018 by giving the other party notice by May 31, 2018. IDT Energy s obligations to BP are
secured by a first security interest in deposits or receivables from utilities in connection with their purchase of IDT Energy s
customer s receivables, and in any cash deposits or letters of credit posted in connection with any collateral accounts
with BP. IDT Energy s ability to purchase electricity and natural gas under this agreement is subject to satisfaction of
certain conditions including the maintenance of certain covenants. At September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with such covenants.
At September 30, 2016, restricted cash short-term of $0.2 million and trade accounts receivable of $33.1 million were pledged
to BP as collateral for the payment of IDT Energy s trade accounts payable to BP of $8.7 million at September 30, 2016.  

In
July 2016, in accordance with a settlement approved by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, IDT Energy paid the agreed-upon
$2.4 million to a refund administrator for additional refunds to its Pennsylvania customers in January, February and March of
2014 who had variable rates for electricity supply (see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1
to Part I of this Quarterly Report).  

We
are subject to audits in various jurisdictions for various taxes. Amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount ultimately
assessed against us could be greater than accrued amounts. Accordingly, additional provisions may be recorded in the future as
revised estimates are made or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result of tax audits
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  

On
February 23, 2016, the New York PSC issued an order that sought to impose significant new restrictions on REPs operating in New
York, including those owned by GRE. The restrictions described in the PSC s order, which were to become effective March
4, 2016, would require that all REPs  electricity and natural gas offerings to residential and small business customers
include an annual guarantee of savings compared to the price charged by the relevant incumbent utility or, for electricity offerings,
provide at least 30% of the supply from renewable sources. Customers not enrolled in a compliant program would be relinquished
back to the local utility at the end of their contract period or, for variable price customers operating on month to month agreements,
at the end of the current monthly billing cycle.  

On
March 4, 2016, a group of parties from the REP industry sought and won a temporary restraining order to stay implementation of
the most restrictive portions of the PSC s order pending a court hearing on those parties  motion for a preliminary
injunction. On July 25, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, County of Albany, entered a decision and order granting the Petitioners 
petition, vacated provisions 1 through 3 of the Order, and remitted the matter to the PSC for further proceedings consistent with
the Court s order.  

The
PSC has indicated that it intends to issue a new order to achieve similar objectives without the deficiencies cited by the Court.
We are evaluating the potential impact of any new order from the PSC in response to the Court s vacating of the PSC s
order on our New York operations, while preparing to operate in compliance with any new requirements that may be imposed. Depending
on the final language of any new order, as well as our ability to modify our relationships with our New York customers, an order
could have a substantial impact upon the operations of GRE-owned REPs in New York.  

On
July 14, 2016, the PSC issued an Order restricting REPs, including those owned by GRE, from serving customers enrolled in New
York s utility low-income assistance programs. Most recently, on September 27, 2016, the New York State Supreme Court, Albany
County, issued an order temporarily restraining the PSC from implementing the July 14, 2016 Order. Representatives of the REP
industry challenged the ruling in Court on both procedural and substantive grounds. The judge set a November 18, 2016 return date
for the industry s request to continue that injunction for the duration of the proceeding, which seeks an order permanently
invalidating the PSC s order.  

Investing
Activities    

Our
capital expenditures were $0.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $0.3 million in the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we used cash of $12.9 million and $17.8 million, respectively, for investments
in Afek s unproved oil and gas property in the Golan Heights in Northern Israel. We had purchase commitments of $16.5 million
at September 30, 2016 that included commitments for capital expenditures and exploration costs. We currently anticipate that our
total expenditures for Afek s exploration costs and other capital expenditures in the twelve months ending September 30,
2017 will be between $5 million and $8 million.  

On
February 23, 2016, Total notified AMSO of its decision not to continue to fund AMSO, LLC. On March 23, 2016, Total gave AMSO its
notice of withdrawal from AMSO, LLC. The withdrawal was effective on April 30, 2016. We are currently decommissioning the project.
As of April 1, 2016, AMSO and Total agreed that Total would pay AMSO, LLC $3.0 million as full payment of its share of all costs
associated with the decommissioning, winding up and dissolution of AMSO, LLC. Total will not be refunded any amount if the decommissioning
costs are less than $3.0 million. Effective April 30, 2016, AMSO, LLC s assets, liabilities, results of operations and cash
flows are included in our consolidated financial statements. We accounted for our acquisition on April 30, 2016 of Total s
ownership interest in AMSO, LLC as a business combination. We estimated the fair value of AMSO, LLC to be nil, as it had ceased
operations and its shutdown was in progress. We recognized a gain from the acquisition of Total s interest in AMSO, LLC
because we acquired the net assets of AMSO, LLC while no consideration was transferred by us, due to our assumption of the risk
associated with the shutdown obligations. The gain also included our gain on the remeasurement of AMSO s investment in AMSO,
LLC at its acquisition date fair value. The aggregate gain recognized was $1.3 million, which was included in the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 in  Gain on consolidation of AMSO, LLC  in the consolidated statements of operations.  

In
each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, cash used for capital contributions to AMSO, LLC was $0.1 million.  

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we used cash of $3.0 million and $8.8 million, respectively, to purchase certificates
of deposit. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, proceeds from maturities of certificates of deposit were $11.9
million and $4.7 million, respectively.  

On November 2, 2016, GRE acquired REH, a privately
held owner of REPs, for $9.5 million plus $1.4 million for REH s working capital, or an aggregate cash payment of $10.9
million. The amount paid for REH s working capital is subject to adjustment. 

Financing
Activities    

In
each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid aggregate Base Dividends of $0.4782 per share on our Series
2012-A Preferred Stock, or Preferred Stock. The aggregate amount paid in each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015 was $1.1 million. On October 14, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly Base Dividend of $0.1594 per share on
our Preferred Stock for the third quarter of 2016. The dividend will be paid on or about November 15, 2016 to stockholders of
record as of the close of business on October 28, 2016.  

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid aggregate dividends of $0.18 and $0.12 per share, respectively, on
our Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The aggregate amount paid in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
was $4.4 million and $3.0 million, respectively. In November 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.06
per share on our Class A common stock and Class B common stock for the third quarter of 2016. The dividend will be paid on or
about December 2, 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 21, 2016.  

In
December 2013, IDT Energy acquired 100% of the outstanding membership interests of Diversegy and IDTEN. In the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, we paid $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively, related to these acquisitions. At September
30, 2016, the remaining estimated contingent payments were $0.2 million.  

On
December 17, 2015, GRE, IDT Energy and certain affiliates entered into a Credit Agreement with Maple Bank GmbH for a revolving
loan facility. On December 17, 2015, GRE borrowed $2.0 million under the facility. In February 2016, the German banking regulator,
Bafin, closed Maple Bank GmbH due to impending financial over-indebtedness related to tax-evasion investigations. In September
2016, GRE, and its affiliates entered into a settlement agreement with the court appointed liquidator of Maple Bank. Under this
agreement, GRE paid $1.8 million as a full settlement of all of its obligations, and the revolving loan facility was terminated.
Accordingly, GRE recorded a gain from this settlement of $0.2 million.  

We
received proceeds from the exercise of our stock options of nil and $0.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

In
June 2011, GOGAS issued a stock option to Michael Steinhardt, the Chairman of the Board of IEI, at an exercise price of $5.0 million.
The expiration date was April 9, 2015. The expiration date was extended for one month, and on May 9, 2015, the option was
exercised. Mr. Steinhardt and an affiliate received interests of approximately 1.5% in each of Afek, Genie Mongolia and IEI. In
addition, Mr. Steinhardt and the affiliate received an approximately 1.7% interest in AMSO. The exercise price of $5.0 million
was paid $2.5 million in cash and $2.5 million in promissory notes. In November 2015, we received cash of $0.8 million to repay
one-third of the principal amount of the promissory notes. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the notes receivable of
$1.7 million were included in  Receivables for issuance of equity  in the consolidated balance sheet.  

In
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we paid $29,000 to repurchase 3,096 shares of our Class B common stock. In the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we paid $22,000 to repurchase 3,740 shares of our Class B common stock. These shares were tendered
by our employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the lapsing of restrictions on awards of restricted
stock. Such shares were repurchased by us based on their fair market value on the trading day immediately prior to the vesting
date.  

On
March 11, 2013, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to an aggregate of 7.0 million
shares of our Class B common stock. There were no repurchases under the program in the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. At September 30, 2016, 6.9 million shares remained available for repurchase under the stock repurchase program.  

As
of April 23, 2012, we and IDT Energy entered into a Loan Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank for a revolving line of credit for
up to a maximum principal amount of $25.0 million. The proceeds from the line of credit may be used to provide working capital
and for the issuance of letters of credit. We agreed to deposit cash in a money market account at JPMorgan Chase Bank as collateral
for the line of credit equal to the greater of (a) $10.0 million or (b) the sum of the amount of letters of credit outstanding
plus the outstanding principal under the revolving note. We are not permitted to withdraw funds or exercise any authority over
the required balance in the collateral account. The principal outstanding will bear interest at the lesser of (a) the LIBOR rate
multiplied by the statutory reserve rate established by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System plus 1.0% per annum,
or (b) the maximum rate per annum permitted by whichever of applicable federal or Texas laws permit the higher interest rate.
Interest is payable at least every three months and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on the
maturity date of May 31, 2017. We pay a quarterly unused commitment fee of 0.08% per annum on the difference between $25.0 million
and the average daily outstanding principal balance of the note. In addition, as of April 23, 2012, GEIC issued a Corporate Guaranty
to JPMorgan Chase Bank whereby GEIC unconditionally guarantees the full payment of all indebtedness of ours and IDT Energy under
the Loan Agreement. At September 30, 2016, there were no amounts borrowed under the line of credit, and cash collateral of $10.0
million was included in  Restricted cash short-term  in the consolidated balance sheet. In addition, at September
30, 2016, letters of credit of $8.2 million were outstanding.  

Changes
in Trade Accounts Receivable and Inventory    

Gross
trade accounts receivable increased to $33.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $27.4 million at December 31, 2015 reflecting
the increase in our revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended December 31, 2015.  

Inventory
of natural gas decreased to $0.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $1.6 million at December 31, 2015 due to a 46% decrease in
the average unit cost and a 11% decrease in quantity at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. Inventory at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 also included $6.1 million and $9.9 million, respectively, in renewable energy credits.  

Contractual
Obligations and Other Commercial Commitments   

The
following tables quantify our future contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at September 30, 2016:  

Contractual
Obligations    

Payments
Due by Period   

(1)    The
                                         above table does not include estimated contingent payments of $0.2 million in connection
                                         with the acquisition of Diversegy and IDTEN due to the uncertainty of the amount and/or
                                         timing of any such payments.    

(2)    The
                                         above table does not include our unrecognized income tax benefits for uncertain tax positions
                                         at September 30, 2016 of $0.7 million due to the uncertainty of the amount and/or timing
                                         of any such payments. Uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on an
                                         income tax return may result in additional payments to tax authorities. We are not currently
                                         able to reasonably estimate the timing of any potential future payments. If a tax authority
                                         agrees with the tax position taken or expected to be taken or the applicable statute
                                         of limitations expires, then additional payments will not be necessary.    

Other
Commercial Commitments   

Payments
Due by Period   

(1)  
      The
    above table does not include an aggregate of $7.4 million in performance bonds at September 30, 2016 due to the uncertainty
    of the amount and/or timing of any payments.    

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

We
do not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are reasonably likely
to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital
resources, other than the following.  

GRE
has performance bonds issued through a third party for the benefit of various states in order to comply with the states 
financial requirements for retail energy providers. At September 30, 2016, GRE had aggregate performance bonds of $7.4 million
outstanding.  

In
connection with our Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution
Agreement to effect the separation and provide a framework for our relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation
Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities of us and IDT with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state,
local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods
and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to Separation and Distribution Agreement, among
other things, we indemnify IDT and IDT indemnifies us for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise
discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among
other things, IDT indemnifies us from all liability for taxes of IDT with respect to any taxable period, and we indemnify IDT
from all liability for taxes of ours with respect to any taxable period, including, without limitation, the ongoing tax audits
related to our business.  

Item 3.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risks   

Our
primary market risk exposure is the price applicable to our natural gas and electricity purchases and sales. The sales price of
our natural gas and electricity is primarily driven by the prevailing market price. Hypothetically, if our gross profit per unit
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 had remained the same as in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, our gross profit
from electricity sales would have decreased by $8.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and our gross profit
from natural gas sales would have increased by $0.5 million in that same period.  

The
energy markets have historically been very volatile, and we can reasonably expect that electricity and natural gas prices will
be subject to fluctuations in the future. In an effort to reduce the effects of the volatility of the price of electricity and
natural gas on our operations, we have adopted a policy of hedging electricity and natural gas prices from time to time, at relatively
lower volumes, primarily through the use of put and call options and swaps. While the use of these hedging arrangements limits
the downside risk of adverse price movements, it also limits future gains from favorable movements. We do not apply hedge accounting
to these options or swaps, therefore the mark-to-market change in fair value is recognized in cost of revenue in our consolidated
statements of operations.  

The
summarized volume of GRE s outstanding contracts and options at September 30, 2016 was as follows (MWh   Megawatt
hour and Dth   Decatherm):  

Item 4.  
      Controls and Procedures   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.  Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, as a result
of the material weaknesses described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were ineffective as of September 30, 2016.  

In
the third quarter of 2016, we identified material weaknesses in our internal controls as a result of the following errors in our
financial records:  

1.     GRE
                                         prepays various electricity costs that are subsequently charged to cost of revenues when
                                         the related electricity revenue is recognized. In the consolidated statement of operations,
                                         Pennsylvania gross receipt tax was recorded as a reduction to electricity revenue instead
                                         of as a cost of revenues. Electricity revenues and cost of revenues have been adjusted
                                         to correct the classification in prior periods.    

2.     In
                                         the third quarter of 2016, we concluded that certain amounts included in  Prepaid
                                         expenses  in our consolidated balance sheets at March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016
                                         should have been charged to cost of revenues in the first and second quarters of 2016.
                                         During the third quarter of 2016, we revised our financial statements for the first and
                                         second quarters of 2016 by reducing prepaid expenses and increasing electricity cost
                                         of revenues.     

We believe these errors occurred due to inadequate
review and approval over the preparation of certain schedules used to record cost of revenues, primarily because of personnel
changes made in early 2016. As a result, we implemented the following changes to our processes: 

1.    We
                                         expanded our general ledger closing checklists to include all transactions, processes
                                         and key spreadsheets to ensure completeness of all recurring transactions with documented
                                         responsibilities, review, approval and timing of the completion of each item. This represents
                                         an improvement to existing preventative controls, which are controls designed to proactively
                                         discourage errors or irregularities from occurring.    

2.    We
                                         implemented a detailed, entity level balance sheet review, identifying supporting schedules
                                         and applicable reconciliations for all balance sheet accounts, excluding certain intercompany
                                         and equity accounts, which have alternate controls. This represents a new detective control,
                                         which is a reactive control designed to find errors and irregularities after they have
                                         occurred.    

We
believe the material weakness related to certain amounts included in  Prepaid expenses  in our consolidated balance
sheets at March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 was remediated at September 30, 2016. We are currently in the process of remediating
the remaining material weakness identified. However, weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting
may be identified when we assess the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2016, or during the audit by our independent registered public accounting firm of the Company s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.  As described above, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we made
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.  
      Legal Proceedings   

Legal
proceedings in which we are involved are more fully described in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 1 to Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors   

There
are no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A to Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015, except for the following:  

We
could be harmed by network disruptions, security breaches, or other significant disruptions or failures of our IT infrastructure
and related systems.   

To
be successful, we need to continue to have available a high capacity, reliable and secure network. We face the risk, as does any
company, of a security breach, whether through cyber-attack, malware, computer viruses, sabotage, or other significant disruption
of our IT infrastructure and related systems. We face a risk of a security breach or disruption from unauthorized access to our
proprietary or classified information on our systems. Certain of our personnel operate in jurisdictions that could be a target
for cyber-attacks. Further, there are political issues related to certain of our activities that could make us a more likely target
of hackers related to certain causes. The secure maintenance and transmission of our information is a critical element of our
operations. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit our information, or those of service providers
or business partners, may be compromised by a malicious third party penetration of our network security, or that of a third party
service provider or business partner, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those
of a third party service provider or business partner. As a result, our information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken
without our consent. In the first quarter of 2016, certain of our internet-based systems were subject to concentrated denial of
service attacks. We do not believe that any key data of ours or our customers was compromised or that the attacks had any
material impact on us.  

Our
approach is to minimize the amount of information that is stored or available on web-based systems, and to provide that any such
information that needs to be on servers that support our internet-based operations, is on such systems for as brief a period as
practicable.  

Although
we continuously make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of information and systems, there
can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions
would not be successful or damaging, especially in light of the growing sophistication of cyber-attacks and intrusions. We may
be unable to anticipate all potential types of attacks or intrusions or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative
measures.  

Network
disruptions, security breaches and other significant failures of the above-described systems could (i) disrupt the proper functioning
of these networks and systems, and therefore, our operations; (ii) result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss,
theft, misappropriation or release of our proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information, including trade
secrets, which others could use to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes;
(iii) require significant management attention or financial resources to remedy the damages that result or to change our systems;
or (iv) result in a loss of business, damage our reputation or expose us to litigation. Any or all of which could have a negative
impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  

Item 2.  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

The
following table provides information with respect to purchases by us of our shares during the third quarter of 2016:  

(1)    Under
                                         our existing stock repurchase program, approved by our Board of Directors on March 11,
                                         2013, we were authorized to repurchase up to an aggregate of 7 million shares of
                                         our Class B common stock.    

Item 3.  
      Defaults upon Senior Securities   

None  

Item 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable   

Item 5.  
      Other Information   

None  

Item 6. Exhibits  

*  
      Filed or furnished herewith.   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Genie
    Energy Ltd.    

November
    9, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
        Howard S. Jonas  

Howard
        S. Jonas   
           Chief
        Executive Officer     

November
    9, 2016  
         
      By:  
       /s/
        Avi Goldin  

Avi
        Goldin   
           Chief
        Financial Officer     

37    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_genieenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

  PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  

  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I,
Howard S. Jonas, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Genie Energy Ltd.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 9, 2016  

/s/
    Howard S. Jonas   

Howard
        S. Jonas   
           Chief
        Executive Officer     

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_genieenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT
TO EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I,
Avi Goldin, certify that:  

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Genie Energy Ltd.;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date:
November 9, 2016  

/s/
    Avi Goldin   

Avi
        Goldin   
           Chief
        Financial Officer     

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_genieenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1   

Certification
Pursuant to   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350   

   (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002)   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Genie Energy Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Howard S. Jonas, Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
November 9, 2016  

/s/
    Howard S. Jonas   

Howard
        S. Jonas   
           Chief
        Executive Officer     

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to Genie Energy Ltd. and will be retained by Genie Energy Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10q0916ex32ii_genieenergy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2   

Certification
Pursuant to   

   18
U.S.C. Section 1350   

   (as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of   

   the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002)   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report of Genie Energy Ltd. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ), I, Avi Goldin, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to my knowledge:  

1.  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

2.  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date:
November 9, 2016  

/s/
    Avi Goldin   

Avi
        Goldin   
           Chief
        Financial Officer     

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise
adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section
906, has been provided to Genie Energy Ltd. and will be retained by Genie Energy Ltd. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 gne-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 gne-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 gne-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gne-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 gne-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 gne-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

