<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1612851_0001062993-16-012160_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>723718</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>44660</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>60040</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>85668</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>327664</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>185131</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>7</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001062993-16-012160.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110154912
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-16-012160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		28
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Palayan Resources, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001612851
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55348
		FILM NUMBER:		161987858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		223 DE LA CRUZ ROAD, PASAY
		CITY:			METRO MANILA
		STATE:			R6
		ZIP:			0000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		63 914 569 9345

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		223 DE LA CRUZ ROAD, PASAY
		CITY:			METRO MANILA
		STATE:			R6
		ZIP:			0000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001062993-16-012160.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 form10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Palayan Resources, Inc.: Form 10-Q - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

UNITED STATES      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION     Washington, D.C.
20549   
   FORM 10-Q    
  [X] Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  for the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016   
  or   
  [   ] Transition Report Pursuant to
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  (For the
transition period        from to
       ).   
  Commission File Number: 000-55348   
    Palayan Resources, Inc.
    (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Nevada    

(State or other jurisdiction of  
     (I.R.S. Employer   
   
     incorporation or organization)  
     Identification No.)   

223 De La Cruz Road, Pasay, Metro Manila,   

Philippines    

(Address of principal executive offices)  
     (Zip code)    
   (63)(914) 269 9345   (Registrant s telephone
number, including area code)  
        Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days  [X]
Yes       [   ] No  
        Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its
corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).  Yes
[X]       No [   ]  
        Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer [   ]   
     
       Accelerated filer [   ]   

Non-accelerated filer [   ]  
     
       Smaller Reporting Company [X]     
        Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act.)  [X]
Yes       [   ] No  

The number of shares
of the Registrant s common stock, par value $.001 per share, outstanding as of
November 10, 2016 was 30,000,000.  

Item 1. Financial Statements   
  Palayan Resources Inc.   September 30, 2016
 (unaudited)  

Index   
   
      Condensed
      Balance Sheets (unaudited)   
      F-1

Condensed
      Statements of Operations (unaudited)   
      F-2

Condensed
      Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   
      F-3

Notes
      to the Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      F-4

Palayan Resources Inc.   Condensed Balance Sheets
 (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
financial statements)  
 F-1  

Palayan Resources Inc.     Condensed Statements
of Operations  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
financial statements)  
 F-2  

Palayan Resources Inc.   Condensed Statements of Cash
Flows  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  
 
 (The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed
financial statements)  
 F-3  

Palayan Resources Inc.   Notes to the Financial
Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  

1.   
     
        Nature of Operations and Continuance of
      Business    

Palayan Resources Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated
      in the State of Nevada on July 26, 2013 and is a mineral exploration and
      production company engaged in the exploration, acquisition, and
      development of mineral properties. The Company holds a claim in the
      Palayan Gold Mine in Nueva Ecija, Philippines and is in the process of
      exploring these claims, as well as raising additional capital for future
      acquisitions. During the year ended March 31, 2016, the Company recorded a
      full impairment charge on the carrying value of the property.   

Going Concern     

These condensed financial statements have been prepared
      on a going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to
      realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of
      business. As of September 30, 2016, the Company has generated no revenues
      to date, and has an accumulated deficit of $98,375. The continuation of
      the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial
      support from its shareholders, the ability to raise equity or debt
      financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the Company's
      future business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the
      Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
      statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and
      classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
      that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a
      going concern.   

The Company s plan of action over the next twelve months
      is to raise capital financing to conduct exploration and drilling on its
      mineral property claims held in Nueva Ecija, Philippines as well as
      exploring for new mineral property claims.   

2.   
     
        Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies      

a)  
     
       Basis of Presentation   

These financial statements and related notes are
      presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
      the United States ( US GAAP ), and are expressed in US dollars. The
      Company s fiscal year-end is March 31.   

b)  
     
       Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
      with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
      requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
      reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
      assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
      reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The
      Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the
      recoverability of mineral properties, and deferred income tax asset
      valuation allowances. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on
      current facts, historical experience and various other factors that it
      believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
      form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
      and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily
      apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by the Company
      may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the
      extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual
      results, future results of operations will be affected.   

c)  
     
       Interim Condensed Financial Statements   

These interim unaudited condensed financial statements
      have been prepared on the same basis as the annual financial statements
      and in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments, which include
      only normal recurring adjustments, necessary to present fairly the
      Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the
      periods shown. The results of operations for such periods are not
      necessarily indicative of the results expected for a full year or for any
      future period.   

d)  
     
       Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with
      maturity of three months or less at the time of issuance to be cash
      equivalents. As at September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had
      no cash equivalents   

e)  
     
       Mineral Property Costs   

The Company has been in the exploration stage since its
      formation on July 26, 2013 and has not yet realized any revenues from its
      planned operations. Mineral property acquisition costs are capitalized as
      incurred. Exploration and evaluation costs are expensed as incurred until
      proven and probable reserves are established. The Company assesses the
      carrying costs for impairment under ASC 360,  Property, Plant, and
      Equipment  at each fiscal quarter end. When it has been determined that a
      mineral property can be economically developed as a result of establishing
      proven and probable reserves, the costs then incurred to develop such
      property, are capitalized. Such costs will be amortized using the
      units-of-production method over the estimated life of the probable
      reserve. If mineral properties are subsequently abandoned or impaired, any
      capitalized costs will be charged to operations.    
 F-4  

Palayan Resources Inc.   Notes to the Financial
Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  

2.   
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       (continued)     

f)  
     
       Asset Retirement Obligations   

The Company accounts for asset retirement obligations in
      accordance with the provisions of ASC 440,  Asset Retirement and
      Environmental Obligations  which requires the Company to record the fair
      value of an asset retirement obligation as a liability in the period in
      which it incurs a legal obligation associated with the retirement of
      tangible long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
      development, and/or normal use of the assets.   

g)  
     
       Basic and Diluted Net Loss per Share   

The Company computes net income (loss) per share in
      accordance with ASC 260,  Earnings per Share . ASC 260 requires
      presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) on the
      face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income
      (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted
      average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period.
      Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares
      outstanding during the period using the treasury stock method and
      convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. In computing
      diluted EPS, the average stock price for the period is used in determining
      the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock
      options or warrants. Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if
      their effect is anti dilutive. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
      Company had no potentially dilutive shares.   

h)  
     
       Income Taxes   

Potential benefits of income tax losses are not
      recognized in the accounts until realization is more likely than not. The
      Company has adopted ASC 740,  Accounting for Income Taxes,  as of its
      inception. Pursuant to ASC 740, the Company is required to compute tax
      asset benefits for net operating losses carried forward. The potential
      benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in these
      financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more
      likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward
      in future years.   

i)  
     
       Comprehensive Loss   

ASC 220,  Comprehensive Income,  establishes
      standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its
      components in the financial statements. As at September 30, 2016 and 2015,
      the Company has no items that represent comprehensive loss and, therefore,
      has not included a schedule of comprehensive loss in the financial
      statements.   

j)  
     
       Financial Instruments   

Pursuant to ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and
      Disclosures  and ASC 825,  Financial Instruments , an entity is
      required to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
      unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 establishes a fair
      value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence
      surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial
      instrument s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon
      the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement. ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be
      used to measure fair value:   

Level 1    

Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
      liabilities.   

Level 2    

Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or
      liability such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
      active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in
      markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active
      markets); or model- derived valuations in which significant inputs are
      observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated by,
      observable market data.   

Level 3    

Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
      are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant
      to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
  liabilities.   

The Company s financial instruments consist principally
      of cash, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and amounts due to a
      related party. Pursuant to ASC, the fair value of cash and cash
      equivalents is determined based on  Level 1  inputs, which consist of
      quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. We believe that the
      recorded values of all of our other financial instruments approximate
      their current fair values because of their nature and respective maturity
      dates or durations.    
 F-5  

Palayan Resources Inc.   Notes to the Financial
Statements  (Expressed in U.S. dollars)  (unaudited)  

2.   
      Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       (continued)     

k)  
     
       Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

The Company has implemented all new accounting
      pronouncements that are in effect. These pronouncements did not have any
      material impact on the financial statements unless otherwise disclosed,
      and the Company does not believe that there are any other new accounting
      pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on
      its financial position or results of
operations.     
 
 F-6  

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations   
  FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
      This Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) contains
forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks, significant
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed, or implied,
by those forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements
by the use of the words may, will, should, could, expects, plans, anticipates,
believes, estimates, predicts, intends, potential, proposed, or continue or the
negative of those terms. These statements are only predictions. In evaluating
these statements, you should consider various factors which may cause our actual
results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. Although we
believe that the exceptions reflected in the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely
from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no
obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any
reason.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 Since inception we have raised capital through private
placements of common stock aggregating $30,000 with our only two shareholders
and officers: Mr. Cortez and Mr. Soo.  
 Our capital commitments for the coming 12 months consist of
administrative expenses, expenses associated with the completion of our planned
exploration program and costs of distribution of the securities being registered
in this Prospectus. Including this exploration work and costs of this offering,
we estimate that we will have to incur the following expenses during the next 12
months:  

(1)   
     
       Budget Items are listed in order of priority.   
   
      (2)   
     
       Includes $25,000 legal fees and $13,500 for accounting
      and auditing.   
   
      (3)   
     
       For Phase I and Phase II of the recommended exploration
      program.   
   
      (4)   
     
       Represents printing and marketing expenses and
      miscellaneous costs in the aggregate of $1,500 related to this offering
      are included here.    
 7  

Since our initial share issuances, we have not raised
additional cash, forcing us to rely in the future upon cash advances from our
directors to meet current and future liabilities over the next few months. Based
on our cash on hand of approximately $7,535 as at September 30, 2016 we will be
required to raise approximately $54,884 to execute our current plan of
operation. We have no commitment from anyone to contribute funds to the Company.
If we are unable to raise sufficient funds to execute our plan of operation, we
intend to scale back our operations commensurately with the funds available to
us. In that regard, we will prioritize expenditures to (in order of priority):
(i) maintain our mineral exploration license ($1,600); (ii) conduct our planned
exploration activities ($19,319). Based upon the amount of cash we have on hand
and our priorities for expenditures, we do not have enough cash to commence any
exploration of our Gold Claim, including Phase I of the exploration activities.
We intend to raise the capital that we require through the private placement of
our securities or through loans from our President. However we have not received
any financing commitments and there is no guarantee that we will be successful
in so doing. 
 We have no plant or significant equipment to sell, nor are we
going to buy any plant or significant equipment during the next 12 months. We
will not buy any equipment unless we locate a body of ore and determine that it
is economical to extract the ore from the land. We may attempt to interest other
companies to undertake exploration work on our Gold Claim through joint venture
arrangement or even the sale of part of our Gold Claim. Neither of these avenues
has been pursued as of the date hereof. Our geologist has recommended an
exploration program for our Gold Claim. However, even if the results of this
work suggest further exploration work is warranted, we do not presently have the
requisite funds and so will be unable to complete anything beyond the
exploration work on Phase I recommended in the Report until we raise more money
or find a joint venture partner to complete the exploration work. If we cannot
find a joint venture partner and do not raise more money, we will be unable to
complete any work beyond the exploration program recommended by our geologist.
If we are unable to finance additional exploration activities, we do not have
alternative operational plans. We do not intend to hire any employees at this
time. All of the work on our Gold Claim will be conducted by Mr. Cortez. He will
be responsible for supervision, surveying, exploration, and excavation and will
be capable of evaluating the information derived from the exploration and
excavation including advising our company on the economic feasibility of
removing any mineralized material we may discover.  
  Limited Operating History; Need for Additional Capital 
 
 There is no historical financial information about us upon
which to base an evaluation of our performance as an exploration corporation. We
are an exploration stage company and have not generated any revenues from our
exploration activities. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our
exploration activities. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources,
possible delays in the exploration of our properties, and possible cost overruns
due to price and cost increases in services.  
 To become profitable and competitive, we must invest in the
exploration of our property before we start production of any minerals that we
may find. Therefore, we must obtain equity or debt financing to provide the
capital required to fully implement both phases of our exploration program. We
have no assurance that financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If
financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to commence,
continue, develop or expand our exploration activities. Even if available,
equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholder.
 
  Results of Operations   
  Revenues   
 From our inception on July 26, 2013 (date of inception) to
September 30, 2016, we did not generate any revenues. As a mineral
pre-exploration company, we anticipate that we will incur substantial losses for
the foreseeable future and do not believe we will be able generate revenues
during the next 12 months.  
  Expenses   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, our total
expenses were $7,551 compared to $7,409 during the three months ended September
30, 2015. Overall, there was no significant change in our operations and
objectives, and our overall operating expenditures were consistent on a
year-to-year basis. 
 8  

During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred
total expenses of $18,549 compared to $25,306 during the six months ended
September 30, 2016. The decrease was due to $4,050 of additional professional
fees incurred in the prior year for additional legal fees, and additional
transfer agent and filing fees of $2,707 incurred in the prior year for press
releases and news releases. 
  Net Loss   
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a
net loss of $7,551 or $nil loss per share compared to a net loss of $7,409 or
$nil loss per share for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred a
net loss of $18,549 or $nil loss per share compared to a net loss of $25,306 or
$nil loss per share for the six months ended September 30, 2015. 
  Our Planned Exploration Program   
 We must conduct exploration to determine what, if any, amounts
of minerals exist on our Gold Claim and if such minerals can be economically
extracted and profitably processed.  
 Our planned exploration program is designed to efficiently
explore and evaluate our property.  
 Our anticipated exploration costs for Phase I and Phase II work
on our Gold Claim are approximately $19,319. We will have to raise additional
funds within the next 12 months in order to satisfy our ongoing cash
requirements and finance work on the Palayan Gold Claim.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 At September 30, 2016, we had cash of $7,535 compared with cash
of $1,674 at March 31, 2016. The increase in cash is due to the $25,000 of
financing received from the President and Director of the Company for which the
cash proceeds have not been entirely spent. 
 During the period ended September 30, 2016, we did not have any
equity transactions. 
  Cash Flows   
   Cash from Operating Activities      
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we used cash of
$19,139 for operating activities compared to $26,806 during the six months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease in the use of cash for operating activities is
due to the timing difference between the receipt of cash from financing
activities and the payment of outstanding obligations as they come due. 
   Cash from Investing Activities      
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did
not have any investing activities.  
   Cash from Financing Activities      
 During the six months ended September 30, 2016, we received
cash of $25,000 from the President and Director of the Company for day-to-day
operations which was consistent with the same amount received during the six
months ended September 30, 2015. All proceeds received from the President and
Director of the Company are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on
demand. 
  Trends   
 9  

We are in the pre-exploration stage, have not generated any
revenue and have no prospects of generating any revenue in the foreseeable
future. We are unaware of any known trends, events or uncertainties that have
had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our business or
income, either in the long term of short term.  
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have
or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of
operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are
material to our stockholders.  
  Inflation   
 The effect of inflation on our revenues and operating results
has not been significant.  
  Critical Accounting Policies   
 Our financial statements are presented in United States dollars
and are prepared using the accrual method of accounting which conforms to US
GAAP.  
 We have elected to use the extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised
accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private
companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this
election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that
comply with public company effective dates.  
 The financial statements as of and for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 included herein, which have not been audited pursuant to the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, reflect all
adjustments which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair
presentation of financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the
interim periods on a basis consistent with the annual audited statements. All
such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. The results of operations for
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be
expected for any other interim period or for a full year. Certain information,
accounting policies and footnote disclosures normally included in financial
statements prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to such rules and
regulations, although we believe that the disclosures are adequate to make the
information presented not misleading. 
  Going Concern   
 The Company s financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis, which implies that the Company will continue to realize its
assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The
Company has generated no revenues to date, and has an accumulated deficit of
$98,375. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon
the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability to raise
equity or debt financing, and the attainment of profitable operations from the
Company's future business. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do
not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should
the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  
 The Company s plan of action over the next twelve months is to
raise capital financing to conduct exploration and drilling on its mineral
property claims held in Nueva Ecija, Philippines as well as exploring for new
mineral property claims.  
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions   
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods presented. We are required
to make judgments and estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently
uncertain. Although, we believe our judgments and estimates are appropriate,
actual future results may be different; if different assumptions or
conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our
reported results.  
 10  

Mineral Properties   
 Mineral property acquisition costs are capitalized in
accordance with Codification topic 930  Extractive Activities - Mining . Mineral
property exploration costs are expensed as incurred. When it has been determined
that a mineral property can be economically developed as a result of
establishing proven and probable reserves, the costs incurred to develop such
property are capitalized. To date our company has not established any reserves
on its mineral properties.  
  Long-Lived Assets   
 Long-Lived assets, such as property and equipment, mineral
properties, and purchased intangibles with finite lives (subject to
amortization), are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be
recoverable in accordance with Codification topic 360  Property, Plant, and
Equipment . Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not
limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant
adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or
construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined
with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the
use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than
not be sold or disposed significantly before the end of its estimated useful
life.  
 Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the
carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
to be generated by an asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized as the amount by
which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. The
estimated fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. Any
impairment in value is recognized as an expense in the period when the
impairment occurs. During the year ended March 31, 2016, we recognized a full
impairment of our capitalized mineral property costs. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 We review new accounting standards as issued. Although some of
these accounting standards issued or effective after the end of our previous
fiscal year may be applicable to us, we have not identified any standards that
we believe merit further discussion. We believe that none of the new standards
will have a significant impact on our financial position, future operations or
cash flows.  
  Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market
Risk   
 None  
  Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried
out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures. Based on the evaluation, both the Principal Executive Officer and
the Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, were not effective as of September 30, 2016.  
  Internal Control over Financial Reporting   
 There was no change in our internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1934) that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, such internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016.  
 11  

Part II   OTHER INFORMATION  
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
 None.  
  Item 1A. Risk Factors   
 In addition to other information set forth in this report, you
should carefully consider the risk factors described in our Registration
Statement on Form S-1, which was declared effective on November 12, 2014. Those
factors could materially affect our business, financial condition or future
results. In addition, risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a materially adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds   
 None.  
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
 None.  
  Item 4. (Removed and reserved)   
  Item 5. Other Information   
 None.  
  Item 6. Exhibits   

* Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive
data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or
prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those
sections.  
 12  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

PALAYAN RESOURCES, INC.   

Date:  
     November 10, 2016  
     By:  
     /s/
      Joel Dulatre Cortez   

Joel Dulatre Cortez   

President   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

November 10, 2016  
     By:  
     /s/
      Mark Christian Soo   

Mark Christian Soo   

Treasurer and Secretary   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal
      Accounting   

Officer)    
 13  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Palayan Resources, Inc.: Exhibit 31.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.1  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Joel Dulatre Cortez, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
PALAYAN Resources, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

November 10, 2016  

/s/ Joel Dulatre
      Cortez  

President  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Palayan Resources, Inc.: Exhibit 31.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

Exhibit 31.2  
 CERTIFICATIONS  
 I, Mark Christian Soo, certify that:  
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Palayan Resources, Inc.;  
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared;  
 (b) Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles;  
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and  
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  
 (a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and  
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

November 10, 2016  

/s/ Mark Christian
      Soo  

Mark Christian Soo, Treasurer and Secretary  
    (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Palayan Resources, Inc.: Exhibit 32.1 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.1  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Palayan Resources,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Joel Dulatre Cortez, President of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Palayan Resources, Inc.: Exhibit 32.2 - Filed by newsfilecorp.com 

EXHIBIT 32.2  
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Plandel Resources,
Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Mark Christian Soo, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge:  
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company.  

/s/ Mark Christian
      Soo  

Mark Christian Soo  

Secretary and Treasurer  

November 10, 2016  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pala-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pala-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pala-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pala-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pala-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pala-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

