<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161216_10-K_edgar_data_1337068_0001174947-16-003521_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9772711</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>295025</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>507517</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2727922</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4002311</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1973639</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-16-003521.hdr.sgml : 20161216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161216145948
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-16-003521
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		113
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Magyar Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001337068
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51726
		FILM NUMBER:		162056091

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SOMERSET STREET
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-249-2438

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 SOMERSET STREET
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-16-003521.txt : 20161216

10-K
 1
 form10k-16668_mgyr.htm
 10-K

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K  

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the Fiscal Year
Ended September 30, 2016  

 OR 

  o
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period
from ____________________ to ____________________ 

Commission File Number:
000-51726 

Magyar Bancorp,
Inc.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in its Charter) 

Delaware                                                  
                                      20-4154978                                   
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)   

400 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, New Jersey    
            08901         
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Office)  
      (Zip Code)   

(732) 342-7600             

 (Issuer s Telephone
Number including area code) 

Securities Registered
Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Class    
        Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered     
 
      Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share  
      The NASDAQ Stock Market, LLC   

Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None   

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes  o
 No     

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes  o
 No     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No  o  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes   
 No  o  

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  
      o  
      Accelerated filer  
      o   
 
      Non-accelerated filer  
      o  
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes  o 
  No     

The aggregate value of
the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price of the Common Stock as of
March 31, 2016 was $25.9 million. As of December 15, 2016, there were 5,820,746 outstanding shares of the registrant s Common
Stock, including 3,200,450 shares owned by Magyar Bancorp, MHC, the registrant s mutual holding company. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE  

1.       Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in February, 2017 (Part III) 

Magyar Bancorp, Inc.  

  Annual Report On Form
10-K  

 For The Fiscal Year
Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

Table Of Contents 

PART I   

ITEM 1.  
      Business  
     2  
 
      ITEM 1A.  
      Risk Factors  
     30  
 
      ITEM 1B.  
      Unresolved Staff Comments  
     34  
 
      ITEM 2.  
      Properties  
     34  
 
      ITEM 3.  
      Legal Proceedings  
     35  
 
      ITEM 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
     35  

PART II   

ITEM 5.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
     35  
 
      ITEM 6.  
      Selected Financial Data  
     36  
 
      ITEM 7.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     37  
 
      ITEM 7A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     46  
 
      ITEM 8.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
     47  
 
      ITEM 9.  
      Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
     88  
 
      ITEM 9A.  
      Controls and Procedures  
     88  
 
      ITEM 9B.  
      Other Information  
     88  

PART III   

ITEM 10.  
      Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance  
     89  
 
      ITEM 11.  
      Executive Compensation  
     89  
 
      ITEM 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
     89  
 
      ITEM 13.  
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
     89  
 
      ITEM 14.  
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
     89  

PART IV   

ITEM 15.  
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  
     90  

SIGNATURES  
     91  

1   

      Table of Contents  

PART I  

ITEM 1.  
      Business   

Forward Looking Statements 

We have included or incorporated
by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and from time to time our management may make, statements that may constitute
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the safe harbour provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future
events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements include statements other
than historical information or statements of current condition and may relate to our future plans and objectives and results, as
well as statements about the objective and effectiveness of our risk management and liquidity policies, statements about trends
in or growth opportunities for our business, statements about our future status, and activities or reporting under U.S. banking
and financial regulation. Forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words  believe,   project, 
 expect,   anticipate,   estimate,   intend,   strategy,   future, 
 opportunity,   plan,   may,   should,   will,   would, 
 will be,   will continue,   will likely result,  and similar expressions. By identifying these
statements for you in this manner, we are alerting you to the possibility that our actual results and financial condition may differ,
possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements
include, among others, those discussed below and under  Risk Factors  in Part 1, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Magyar Bancorp, MHC 

Magyar Bancorp, MHC is
the New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. Magyar Bancorp, MHC s only business is the ownership
of 54.0% of the issued shares of common stock of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. So long as Magyar Bancorp, MHC exists, it will be required
to own a majority of the voting stock of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. The executive office of Magyar Bancorp, MHC is located at 400 Somerset
Street, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08901, and its telephone number is (732) 342-7600. Magyar Bancorp, MHC is subject to regulation
and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ( FRB ) and the New Jersey Department of Banking
and Insurance ( NJDBI ). 

Magyar Bancorp, Inc. 

Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is
the mid-tier stock holding company of Magyar Bank. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is a Delaware-chartered corporation and owns 100% of the
outstanding shares of common stock of Magyar Bank. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has not engaged in any significant business activity other
than owning all of the shares of common stock of Magyar Bank. At September 30, 2016, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. had consolidated assets
of $584.4 million, total deposits of $492.7 million and stockholders  equity of $47.7 million. The executive offices of Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. are located at 400 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08901, and its telephone number is (732) 342-7600.
Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the FRB and the NJDBI. 

Magyar Bank 

Magyar Bank is a New Jersey-chartered
savings bank headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey that was originally founded in 1922 as a New Jersey building and loan association.
In 1954, Magyar Bank converted to a New Jersey savings and loan association, before converting to a New Jersey savings bank charter
in 1993. We conduct business from our main office located at 400 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, New Jersey, and our six branch
offices located in New Brunswick, North Brunswick, South Brunswick, Branchburg, Bridgewater, and North Edison, New Jersey. The
telephone number at our main office is (732) 342-7600. 

General 

Our principal business
consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public in the areas surrounding our main office in New Brunswick, New Jersey
and our branch offices located in Middlesex and Somerset Counties, New Jersey, and investing those deposits, together with funds
generated from operations and wholesale funding, in residential mortgage loans, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit,
commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans, Small Business Administration ( SBA ) loans, construction
loans and investment securities. We also originate consumer  

2  

       Table of Contents   

loans, which consist primarily of secured demand loans. We originate
loans primarily for our loan portfolio. However, from time to time we have sold some of our long-term fixed-rate residential mortgage
loans into the secondary market, while retaining the servicing rights for such loans. Our revenues are derived principally from
interest on loans and securities, our investment securities consist primarily of mortgage-backed securities and U.S. Government
and government-sponsored enterprise obligations. We also generate revenues from fees and service charges. Our primary sources of
funds are deposits, borrowings and principal and interest payments on loans and securities. We are subject to comprehensive regulation
and examination by the NJDBI and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ). 

Market Area 

We are headquartered in
New Brunswick, New Jersey, and our primary deposit market area is concentrated in the communities surrounding our headquarters
branch and our branch offices located in Middlesex and Somerset Counties, New Jersey. Our primary lending market area is broader
than our deposit market area and includes all of New Jersey. 

The economy of our primary
market area is largely urban and suburban with a broad economic base that is typical for counties surrounding the New York metropolitan
area. The median household income in Middlesex and Somerset county rank among the highest in the nation. 

Competition 

We face intense competition
within our market area both in making loans and attracting deposits. Our market area has a high concentration of financial institutions
including large money center and regional banks, community banks and credit unions. Some of our competitors offer products and
services that we currently do not offer, such as trust services and private banking. According to the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation s annual  Summary of Deposit  report, at June 30, 2016 our market share of deposits was 1.20% and 0.60%
in Middlesex and Somerset Counties, respectively. Our market share of deposits was 1.33% and 0.60%, respectively, at June 30, 2015. 

Our competition for loans
and deposits comes principally from commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage banking firms and credit unions. We face additional
competition for deposits from short-term money market funds, brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies. Our primary
focus is to build and develop profitable customer relationships across all lines of business while maintaining our role as a community
bank. 

Lending Activities 

We originate residential
mortgage loans to purchase or refinance residential real property. Residential mortgage loans represented $173.2 million, or 37.8%
of our total loans at September 30, 2016. Historically, we have not originated a significant number of loans for the purpose of
reselling them in the secondary market. In the future, however, to help manage interest rate risk and to increase fee income, we
may increase our origination and sale of residential mortgage loans. No loans were held for sale at September 30, 2016. We also
originate commercial real estate, commercial business and construction loans. At September 30, 2016, these loans totaled $199.5
million, $38.9 million and $14.9 million, respectively. We also offer consumer loans, which consist primarily of home equity lines
of credit and stock-secured demand loans. At September 30, 2016, home equity lines of credit and stock-secured demand loans totaled
$22.0 million and $9.4 million, respectively. 

3  

       Table of Contents   

Loan Portfolio Composition.
  The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio by type of loan, at the dates indicated. 

Loan Portfolio Maturities
and Yields.   The following table summarizes the scheduled repayments of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. Demand
loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. 

4  

       Table of Contents   

The following table sets
forth the scheduled repayments of fixed- and adjustable-rate loans at September 30, 2016 that are contractually due after September
30, 2017. 

Residential
Mortgage Loans.   We originate residential mortgage loans, most of which are secured by properties located in our primary
market area and most of which we hold in portfolio. At September 30, 2016, $173.2 million, or 37.8% of our total loan portfolio,
consisted of residential mortgage loans (including home equity loans). Residential mortgage loan originations are generally obtained
from our in-house loan representatives, from existing or past customers, through advertising, and through referrals from local
builders, real estate brokers and attorneys, and are underwritten pursuant to Magyar Bank s policies and standards. Generally,
residential mortgage loans are originated in amounts up to 80% of the lesser of the appraised value or purchase price of the property,
with private mortgage insurance required on loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 80%. We generally will not make residential
mortgage loans with a loan-to-value ratio in excess of 95%, which is the upper limit that has been established by the Board of
Directors. Mortgage loans have been primarily originated for terms of up to 30 years. Magyar Bank has not participated in  sub-prime 
(mortgages granted to borrowers whose credit history is not sufficient to get a conventional mortgage) or option ARM mortgage lending.
At September 30, 2016, non-performing residential mortgage loans totaled $2.5 million, or 1.4% of the total residential loan portfolio.
Interest income of $103,000 would have been recorded on non-performing residential mortgage loans for the year ended September
30, 2016, if they had been current in accordance with their original terms. During the year ended September 30, 2016, $134,000
was charged-off against the allowance for loan loss for three impaired residential real estate loans. 

 We also originate
home equity loans secured by residences located in our market area. The underwriting standards we use for home equity loans include
a determination of the applicant s credit history, an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations,
the ongoing payments on the proposed loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan. The maximum combined (first and second
mortgage liens) loan-to-value ratio for home equity loans and home equity lines of credit is 80%. Home equity loans are generally
offered with fixed rates of interest with the loan amount not to exceed $500,000 and with terms of up to 30 years. 

 Generally, all fixed-rate
residential mortgage loans are underwritten according to Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ) guidelines,
policies and procedures. Historically, we have not originated a significant number of loans for the purpose of reselling them in
the secondary market. In the future we may increase our origination and sale of fixed-rate residential mortgage loans to help manage
interest rate risk and to increase fee income. However, there were no fixed-rate mortgage loans sold to Freddie Mac during the
year ended September 30, 2016. No loans were held for sale at September 30, 2016. 

 We generally do
not purchase residential mortgage loans, except for loans to low-income borrowers to enhance our Community Reinvestment Act performance.
However, during the year ended September 30, 2016, we purchased $3.3 million of one-to four-family residential mortgage loans and
$6.1 million of commercial real estate loans. 

 At September 30,
2016, we had $114.6 million of fixed-rate residential mortgage loans, which represented 64.4% of our total residential mortgage
loan portfolio. At September 30, 2016, our largest fixed-rate residential mortgage loan was $2.6 million. The loan was performing
in accordance with its terms at September 30, 2016. 

 We also offer adjustable-rate
residential mortgage loans with interest rates based on the weekly average yield on U.S. Treasuries or the London Interbank Offering
Rate ( LIBOR ) adjusted to a constant maturity of one year, which  

5  

       Table of Contents   

adjusts either annually from the outset of the loan
or which adjusts annually after a one-, three-, five-, seven-, and ten-year initial fixed-rate period. Our adjustable-rate mortgage
loans generally provide for maximum rate adjustments of 2% per adjustment, with a lifetime maximum adjustment up to 5%, regardless
of the initial rate. We also offer adjustable-rate mortgage loans with an interest rate based on the prime rate as published in
 The Wall Street Journal  or the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York advance rates. 

 Adjustable-rate
mortgage loans decrease the risk associated with changes in market interest rates by periodically repricing. However, these loans
have other risks because, as interest rates increase, the underlying payments by the borrower increase, which increases the potential
for default by the borrower. At the same time, the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher
interest rates. The maximum periodic and lifetime interest rate adjustments also may limit the effectiveness of adjustable-rate
mortgage loans during periods of rapidly rising interest rates. 

 At September 30,
2016, adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans totaled $61.6 million, or 35.6% of our total residential mortgage loan portfolio.
Of these loans, $8.6 million were interest-only loans originated with an average loan-to-value ratio of 69.4%. Interest-only loans
allow the borrower to make interest only payments during an initial fixed-rate period. Following the initial period, the
borrower is required to make principal and interest payments. At September 30, 2016, our largest adjustable-rate residential mortgage
loan was for $3.0 million. The loan was performing in accordance with its terms at September 30, 2016. 

 In an effort to
provide financing for low-and moderate-income home buyers, we offer low-to-moderate income residential mortgage loans. These loans
are offered with fixed rates of interest and terms of up to 40 years, and are secured by one-to four-family residential properties.
All of these loans are originated using underwriting guidelines of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises such as Federal Home Loan
Mortgage Corporation ( Freddie Mac ). These loans are originated with maximum loan-to-value ratios of 95%. 

 All residential
mortgage loans we originate include  due-on-sale  clauses, which give us the right to declare a loan immediately due
and payable if the borrower sells or otherwise disposes of the real property securing the mortgage loan. All borrowers are required
to obtain title insurance, fire and casualty insurance and, if warranted, flood insurance on properties securing real estate loans. 

   Commercial
Real Estate Loans.   As part of our strategy to add to and diversify our loan portfolio, we have continued our focus on increasing
our originations of commercial real estate loans. At September 30, 2016, $199.5 million, or 43.6%, of our total loan portfolio
consisted of these types of loans. Commercial real estate loans are generally secured by five-or-more-unit apartment buildings,
industrial properties and properties used for business purposes such as small office buildings and retail facilities primarily
located in our market area. We generally originate adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans with a maximum term of 25 years
with adjustable rate periods every five years. The maximum loan-to-value ratio for our commercial real estate loans is 75%, based
on the appraised value of the property. 

 We consider a number
of factors when we originate commercial real estate loans. During the underwriting process we evaluate the business qualifications
and financial condition of the borrower, including credit history, profitability of the property being financed, as well as the
value and condition of the mortgaged property securing the loan. When evaluating the business qualifications of the borrower, we
consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar property and the
borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, we consider
the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised
value of the mortgaged property and the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service) to ensure
it is at least 120% of the monthly debt service. We require personal guarantees on all commercial real estate loans made to individuals.
Generally, commercial real estate loans made to corporations, partnerships and other business entities require personal guarantees
by the principals. All borrowers are required to obtain title, fire and casualty insurance and, if warranted, flood insurance. 

 Loans secured by
commercial real estate generally are larger than residential mortgage loans and involve greater credit risk. Commercial real estate
loans often involve large loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. Repayment of these loans depends to
a large degree on the results of operations and management of the properties securing the loans or the businesses conducted on
such property, and may be affected to a greater extent by adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy in general.
Accordingly, the nature of these loans makes them more difficult for management to monitor and evaluate. 

6  

       Table of Contents   

The maximum amount
of a commercial real estate loan is limited by our Board-established loans-to-one-borrower limit, which is currently 15% of Magyar
Bank s capital, or $7.6 million. At September 30, 2016, our largest commercial real estate loan was $5.7 million and was
secured by four office buildings located in Parsippany, New Jersey. The loan was performing in accordance with its terms at September
30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, three commercial real estate loans totaling $443,000 were non-performing. During the year ended
September 30, 2016, $61,000 was charged-off against the allowance for loan loss for two commercial real estate loans and $100,000
was recovered from a prior year charge-off. Interest income of $22,000 would have been recorded on non-performing commercial real
estate loans for the year ended September 30, 2016, if they had been current in accordance with their original terms. All other
loans secured by commercial real estate were performing in accordance with their terms. 

   Construction
Loans.   We also originate construction loans for the development of one-to four-family homes, apartment buildings and commercial
properties. Historically we also originated construction loans for the development of town homes and condominiums. Construction
loans are generally offered to experienced local developers operating in our primary market area and to individuals for the construction
of their personal residences. At September 30, 2016, our construction loans totaled $14.9 million, or 3.3% of total loans. 

 At September 30,
2016, construction loans for the development of one-to four-family residential properties totaled $4.3 million. These construction
loans generally have a maximum term of 24 months. We provide financing for land acquisition, site improvement and construction
of individual homes. Land acquisition loans are limited to 50% to 75% of the sale price of the land. Site improvement loans are
limited to 100% of the bonded site improvement costs. Construction loans are limited to 75% of the lesser of the contract sale
price or appraised value of the property (less funds already advanced for land acquisition and site improvement). 

 At September 30,
2016, construction loans for the development of town homes, condominiums and apartment buildings totaled $2.8 million. The maximum
loan-to-value ratio limit applicable to these loans has been 70% of the appraised value of the property. Finally, we may retain
up to 10% of each loan advance until the property attains a 90% occupancy level. 

 At September 30,
2016, construction loans for the development of commercial properties totaled $7.8 million. These construction loans have a maximum
term of 24 months. The maximum loan-to-value ratio limit applicable to these loans is 75% of the appraised value of the property. 

 The maximum amount of a
construction loan is limited by our loans-to-one-borrower limit, which is currently 15% of Magyar Bank s capital, or $7.6
million. At September 30, 2016, our largest outstanding construction loan was a $1.9 million loan to finance the construction of
a commercial office building located in New Jersey. The loan was performing in accordance with its terms at September 30, 2016.
At September 30, 2016, there were no non-performing construction loans. During the year ended September 30, 2016, there were no
loans charged-off against the allowance for loan loss while $7,000 was recovered from a prior year charge-off. 

Before making a
commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent licensed appraiser. We generally
also engage an outside engineering firm to review and inspect each property before disbursement of funds during the term of a construction
loan. Loan proceeds are disbursed after inspection based on the percentage of completion method. We require a personal guarantee
from each principal of all of our construction loan borrowers. 

 Construction lending
is generally considered to involve a higher degree of credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate.
Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion
of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction
cost is inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of
the property. Additionally, if our estimate of the value of the completed property is inaccurate, our construction loan may exceed
the value of the collateral. 

   Commercial
Business Loans.   At September 30, 2016, our commercial business loans totaled $38.9 million, or 8.5% of total loans. We
make commercial business loans primarily in our market area to a variety of professionals, sole proprietorships and small and mid-sized
businesses. Our commercial business loans include term loans and revolving lines of credit. The maximum term of a commercial business
loan is 25 years. Such loans are generally used for longer-term working capital purposes such as purchasing equipment or furniture.
Commercial business loans are made with either  

7  

       Table of Contents   

adjustable or fixed rates of interest. The interest rates for adjustable commercial
business loans are typically based on the prime rate as published in  The Wall Street Journal . 

 Included in commercial
business loans are SBA 7(a) loans, on which the SBA provides guarantees of up to 70 percent of the principal balance (85% for loans
under $150,000). These loans are made for the purposes of providing working capital and financing the purchase of equipment, inventory
or commercial real estate, and may be made inside or outside the Company s market place. Generally, an SBA 7(a) loan has
a deficiency in its credit profile that would not allow the borrower to qualify for a traditional commercial loan, which is why
the government provides the guarantee. The deficiency may be a higher loan to value ratio, lower debt service coverage ratio or
weak personal financial guarantees. In addition, many SBA 7(a) loans are for start-up businesses where there is no history of financial
information. Finally, many SBA borrowers do not have an ongoing and continuous banking relationship with the Bank, but merely work
with the Bank on a single transaction. The guaranteed portions of the Company s SBA loans are generally sold in the secondary
market. 

When making commercial
business loans, we consider the financial strength of the borrower, our lending history with the borrower, the debt service capabilities
of the borrower, the projected cash flows of the business and the value and type of the collateral. Commercial business loans generally
are secured by a variety of collateral, primarily accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, savings instruments and readily marketable
securities. In addition, we generally require the business principals to execute personal guarantees. 

 Commercial business
loans generally have greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans. Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are
made on the basis of the borrower s ability to repay the loan from his or her employment income, and which are secured by
real property with ascertainable value, commercial business loans generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability
to repay the loan from the cash flow of the borrower s business. As a result, the repayment of commercial business loans
may depend substantially on the success of the borrower s business. Further, any collateral securing commercial business
loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. We try to minimize these risks through
our underwriting standards. 

 The maximum amount
of a commercial business loan is limited by our loans-to-one-borrower limit, which is 15% of Magyar Bank s capital, or $7.6
million currently. At September 30, 2016, our largest commercial business loan was a $5.0 million loan to a company that provides
janitorial services and was secured by the accounts receivable of the company. This loan was performing according to its terms
at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, one commercial business loan totaling $997,000 was non-performing. Interest income
of $88,000 would have been recorded on non-performing commercial business loans for the year ended September 30, 2016, if they
had been current in accordance with their original terms. During the year ended September 30, 2016, $1.1 million was charged-off
against the allowance for loan loss for seven impaired commercial business loans and $26,000 was recovered from a prior year charge-off. 

   Home Equity
Lines of Credit and Other Loans.   We originate home equity lines of credit secured by residences located in our market area.
At September 30, 2016, these loans totaled $22.0 million, or 4.8% of our total loan portfolio. The underwriting standards we use
for home equity lines of credit include a determination of the applicant s credit history, an assessment of the applicant s
ability to meet existing obligations, the ongoing payments on the proposed loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan.
The maximum combined (first and second mortgage liens) loan-to-value ratio for home equity lines of credit is 80%. Home equity
lines of credit have adjustable rates of interest, indexed to the prime rate, as reported in  The Wall Street Journal , with
terms of up to 25 years. 

 The maximum amount
of a home equity line of credit loan is limited by our loans-to-one-borrower limit, which is 15% of Magyar Bank s capital,
or $7.6 million currently. At September 30, 2016, our largest home equity line of credit loan was $2.0 million. The loan was performing
according to its terms at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, all home equity lines of credit were performing in accordance
with their terms with the exception of three non-performing loans totaling $281,000. Interest income of $5,000 would have been
recorded on non-performing home equity lines of credit for the year ended September 30, 2016, if they had been current in accordance
with their original terms. During the year ended September 30, 2016, $98,000 was charged-off against the allowance for loan loss
for two impaired home equity lines of credit and $82,000 was recovered from a prior year charge-off. 

 We also originate
loans secured by the common stock of publicly traded companies, provided their shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange
or the NASDAQ Stock Market, and provided the company is not a banking company. Stock-secured loans are interest-only and are offered
for terms up to twelve months and for adjustable rates of interest indexed to the prime rate, as reported in  The Wall Street
Journal.  The loan amount is not to exceed 70% of the value of the stock securing the loan at any time. 

8  

       Table of Contents   

At September 30,
2016, stock-secured loans totaled $8.8 million, or 1.94% of our total net loan portfolio. Generally, we limit the aggregate amount
of loans secured by the common stock of any one corporation to 15% of Magyar Bank s capital, with the exception of Johnson
  Johnson, for which the collateral concentration limit is 150% of Magyar Bank s capital. At September 30, 2016, $8.7
million, or 1.92% of our loan portfolio, was secured by the common stock of Johnson   Johnson, a New York Stock Exchange company
that operates a number of facilities in our market area and employs a substantial number of residents. Although these loans are
underwritten based on the ability of the individual borrower to repay the loan, the concentration of our portfolio secured by this
stock subjects us to the risk of a decline in the market price of the stock and, therefore, a reduction in the value of the collateral
securing these loans. As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate loan-to-value ratio of the stock-secured portfolio was 30.5%. 

   Loan Originations,
Purchases, Participations and Servicing of Loans.   Lending activities are conducted primarily by our loan personnel operating
at our main and branch office locations. All loans originated by us are underwritten pursuant to our policies and procedures. We
originate both adjustable rate and fixed rate loans. Our ability to originate fixed or adjustable rate loans is dependent upon
the relative customer demand for such loans, which is affected by the current and expected future levels of market interest rates. 

 Generally, we retain
in our portfolio substantially all loans that we originate. Historically, we have not originated a significant number of loans
for the purpose of reselling them in the secondary market. In the future, however, to help manage our interest rate risk and to
increase fee income, we may increase our origination and sale of fixed-rate residential loans and commercial business loans guaranteed
by the SBA. All one-to four-family residential mortgage loans that we sell in the secondary market are sold with servicing rights
retained pursuant to master commitments negotiated with Freddie Mac. We sell our loans to Freddie Mac without recourse. No loans
were held for sale at September 30, 2016. 

 At September 30,
2016, we were servicing SBA guaranteed and commercial participation loans sold in the amount of $20.3 million and $8.1 million,
respectively. Loan servicing includes collecting and remitting loan payments, accounting for principal and interest, contacting
delinquent mortgagors, supervising foreclosures and property dispositions in the event of unremedied defaults, making certain insurance
and tax payments on behalf of the borrowers and generally administering the loans. 

 From time-to-time,
we will also participate in loans, sometimes as the  lead lender.  Whether we are the lead lender or not, we underwrite
our participation portion of the loan according to our own underwriting criteria and procedures. At September 30, 2016, we had
$9.1 million of loan participation interests in which we were the lead lender, and $14.1 million in loan participations in which
we were not the lead lender. We have entered into certain loan participations when the aggregate outstanding balance of a particular
customer relationship exceeds our loan-to-one-borrower limit. All loan participations are loans secured by real estate that adhere
to our loan policies. At September 30, 2016, all participation loans were performing in accordance with their terms. 

 During the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2016, we originated $45.0 million of fixed-rate and adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans and $35.3
million of fixed-rate and adjustable-rate one-to four-family residential mortgage loans. The fixed-rate loans are primarily of
loans with terms of 30 years or less. We also originated $6.5 million of construction loans, $3.1 million of commercial business
loans, and $2.8 million of home equity lines of credit and other loans during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

 We generally do
not purchase residential mortgage loans, except for loans to low-income borrowers as part of our Community Reinvestment Act lenders
program. At September 30, 2016, we had $7.1 million of one-to four-family residential mortgage loans that were purchased from other
lenders, and $2.9 million were purchased in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

9  

       Table of Contents   

Asset Quality  

We commence collection
efforts when a loan becomes 15 days past due with system-generated reminder notices. Subsequent late charge and delinquent notices
are issued and the account is monitored on a regular basis thereafter. Personal, direct contact with the borrower is attempted
early in the collection process as a courtesy reminder and later to determine the reason for the delinquency and to safeguard our
collateral. When a loan is more than 60 days past due, the credit file is reviewed and, if deemed necessary, information is updated
or confirmed and collateral re-evaluated. We make every effort to contact the borrower and develop a plan of repayment to cure
the delinquency. Loans are placed on non-accrual status when they are delinquent for more than three months. When loans are placed
on non-accrual status, unpaid accrued interest is fully reversed, and further income is recognized only to the extent received. 

 A summary report
of all loans 30 days or more past due is provided to the Board of Directors on a monthly basis. If no repayment plan is in process,
the file is referred to counsel for the commencement of foreclosure or other collection efforts. 

   Non-Performing
Assets.   The table on the following page sets forth the amounts and categories of our non-performing assets at the dates
indicated. The table includes troubled debt restructurings (loans for which a portion of interest or principal has been forgiven
and loans modified at interest rates materially less than current market rates) for each date presented. 

10  

       Table of Contents   

At September 30, 2016,
our portfolio of commercial business, commercial real estate and construction loans totaled $253.3 million, or 55.3% of our total
loans, compared to $222.0 million, or 52.5% of our total loans, at September 30, 2015. Commercial business, commercial real estate
and construction loans generally have more risk than one-to four-family residential mortgage loans. As shown in the table above,
our troubled debt restructurings and total non-performing assets decreased $6.5 million to $16.3 million at September 30, 2016
from $22.8 million at September 30, 2015, and decreased $11.0 million from $27.3 million at September 30, 2014. 

Additional interest income
of approximately $217,000 and $356,000 would have been recorded during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
if the non-accrual loans summarized in the above table had performed in accordance with their original terms. 

The Company accounts for
its impaired loans in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which require that a creditor measure impairment
based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate except that, as
a practical expedient, a creditor may measure impairment based on a loan s observable market price less estimated costs of
disposal, or the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs of disposal if the loan is collateral dependent. Regardless
of the measurement method, a creditor may measure impairment based on the fair value of the collateral when the creditor determines
that foreclosure is probable. 

The Company records cash
receipts on impaired loans that are non-performing as a reduction to principal before applying amounts to interest or late charges
unless specifically directed by the Bankruptcy Court to apply payments otherwise. The Company continues to recognize interest income
on impaired loans that are performing. 

Troubled debt restructurings
( TDRs ) occur when a creditor, for economic or legal reasons related to a debtor s financial condition, grants
a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider, such as a below market interest rate, extending the maturity of
a loan, or a combination of both. There were no TDR loans during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016. 

Delinquent Loans  .
The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our loan portfolio delinquencies at the dates indicated. Loans
delinquent more than three months are generally classified as non-accrual loans. 

11  

       Table of Contents   

Real Estate Owned  .
Real estate we acquire as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure is classified as other real estate owned ( OREO )
until sold. When property is acquired it is recorded at fair value less estimated cost to sell at the date of foreclosure, establishing
a new cost basis. Holding costs and declines in fair value result in charges to expense after acquisition. 

The Company held $12.1
million of OREO properties at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $4.1 million from $16.2 million at September 30, 2015. During the
year ended September 30, 2016, the Company was able to successfully dispose of twenty properties with an aggregate carrying value
of $4.7 million for a net loss of $101,000 and the Company was able to secure the title for four other properties totaling $1.8
million. 

12  

       Table of Contents   

OREO at September 30, 2016
consisted of eighteen residential properties (twelve of which were leased), seven real estate properties approved for the construction
of residential homes, and five commercial real estate buildings. The Bank is determining the proper course of action for its OREO
properties, which may include holding the properties until the real estate market improves, selling the properties to a developer
or completing partially completed homes for either rental or sale. 

The Company also recorded
$301,000 in valuation allowances against five properties during the year ended September 30, 2016 based on either updated appraisals
or contracts of sale. Further declines in real estate values may result in a charge to expense in the future. Routine holding costs
are charged to expense as incurred and improvements to OREO that enhance the value of the real estate are capitalized. 

Classified
Assets.   Federal banking regulations provide that loans and other assets of lesser quality should be classified as  substandard, 
 doubtful  or  loss  assets. An asset is considered  substandard  if it is inadequately protected
by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any.  Substandard  assets
include those characterized by the  distinct possibility  we will sustain  some loss  if the deficiencies
are not corrected. Assets classified as  doubtful  have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified  substandard, 
with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make  collection or liquidation in full,  on the basis of
currently existing facts, conditions, and values,  highly questionable and improbable.  Assets classified as  loss 
are those considered  un-collectible  and of such little value their continuance as assets without the establishment
of a specific loss reserve is not warranted. We classify an asset as  special mention  if the asset has a potential
weakness that warrants management s close attention. While such assets are not impaired, management has concluded that if
the potential weakness in the asset is not addressed, the value of the asset may deteriorate, adversely affecting the repayment
of the asset. On the basis of our review of assets at September 30, 2016, classified loans consisted of $209,000 of special mention
assets, $8.7 million of substandard assets and $997,000 of doubtful assets. 

 We are required
to establish an allowance for loan losses in an amount deemed prudent by management for loans classified substandard or doubtful,
as well as for other problem loans. General allowances represent loss allowances which have been established to recognize the inherent
losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike impairment allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem
assets. When we classify problem assets, we are required to determine whether or not impairment exists. A loan is impaired when,
based on current information and events, it is probable that Magyar Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due according to
the contractual terms of the loan agreement. When it is determined that impairment exists, a specific allowance for loss is established.
For collateral-dependent loans, the loan is reduced by the impairment amount via a reduction to the loan and the allowance for
loan loss. Our determination as to the classification of our assets and the amount of our valuation allowances is subject to review
by the NJDBI and the FDIC, which can direct us to establish additional loss allowances. 

 The loan portfolio is reviewed
on a regular basis to determine whether any loans require classification in accordance with applicable regulations. Not all classified
assets constitute non-performing assets. 

Allowance for
Loan Losses 

 Our allowance for
loan losses is maintained at a level management deems necessary to absorb loan losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable.
Management, in determining the allowance for loan losses, considers the losses in our loan portfolio both probable and reasonably
estimable, and changes in the nature and volume of loan activities, along with the general economic and real estate market conditions.
The allowance for loan losses as of September 30, 2016 was maintained at a level that represents management s best estimate
of losses in the loan portfolio both probable and reasonably estimable. However, this analysis process is inherently subjective,
as it requires us to make estimates that are susceptible to revisions as more information becomes available. Although we believe
we have established the allowance at levels to absorb probable and estimable losses, future additions may be necessary if economic
or other conditions in the future differ from the current environment. 

 In addition, as
an integral part of their examination process, the NJDBI and the FDIC will periodically review our allowance for loan losses.
Such agencies may require us to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments of information available to them
at the time of their examination. 

13  

       Table of Contents   

Allowance
for Loan Losses.   The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated. 

14  

       Table of Contents   

Allocation of Allowance
for Loan Losses.   The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan category, the percent of
the allowance to the total allowance and the percent of loans in each category to total loans at the dates indicated. The allowance
for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not
restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. 

15  

       Table of Contents   

Investments 

 Our Board of Directors
has adopted our Investment Policy. This policy determines the types of securities in which we may invest. The Investment Policy
is reviewed annually by the Board of Directors and changes to the policy are subject to approval by our Board of Directors. While
general investment strategies are developed by the Asset and Liability Committee, the execution of specific actions rests primarily
with our President and our Chief Financial Officer. They are responsible for ensuring the guidelines and requirements included
in the Investment Policy are followed and only prudent securities are considered for investment. They are authorized to execute
transactions that fall within the scope of the established Investment Policy up to $2.5 million per transaction individually or
$5.0 million per transaction jointly. Investment transactions in excess of $5.0 million must be approved by the Asset and Liability
Committee. Investment transactions are reviewed and ratified by the Board of Directors at their regularly scheduled meetings. 

 Our investments
portfolio may include U.S. Treasury obligations, debt and equity securities issued by various government-sponsored enterprises,
including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, mortgage-backed securities, certain certificates of deposit of insured financial institutions,
overnight and short-term loans to other banks, investment-grade corporate debt instruments, and municipal securities. In addition,
we may invest in equity securities subject to certain limitations and not in excess of Magyar Bank s Tier 1 capital. 

 The Investment Policy
requires that securities transactions be conducted in a safe and sound manner, and purchase and sale decisions be based upon a
thorough analysis of each security to determine its quality and inherent risks and fit within our overall asset/liability management
objectives. The analysis must consider the effect of an investment or sale on our risk-based capital and prospects for yield and
appreciation. 

 At September 30,
2016, our securities portfolio totaled $58.2 million, or 10.0% of our total assets. Securities are classified as held-to-maturity
or available-for-sale when purchased. At September 30, 2016, $52.9 million of our securities were classified as held-to-maturity
and reported at amortized cost, and $5.2 million were classified as available-for-sale and reported at fair value. At September
30, 2016, we held no investment securities classified as held-for-trading. 

   U.S. Government
Agency and Government-Sponsored Enterprise Obligations.   At September 30, 2016, our U.S. Government Agency and Government-Sponsored
Enterprise Obligations totaled $54.6 million, or 93.8% of our total securities portfolio. Of this amount, $50.6 million were mortgage-backed
securities and $4.0 million were debt securities. While these securities generally provide lower yields than other securities in
our securities portfolio, we hold these securities, to the extent appropriate, for liquidity purposes and as collateral for certain
deposits or borrowings. We invest in these securities to achieve positive interest rate spreads with minimal administrative expense,
and to lower our credit risk as a result of the guarantees provided by these issuers. 

   Mortgage-Backed
Securities.   We purchase mortgage-backed pass through and collateralized mortgage obligation ( CMO ) securities
insured or guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. To a lesser extent, we also invest in mortgage-backed securities
issued or sponsored by private issuers. At September 30, 2016, our mortgage-backed securities, including CMOs, totaled $51.2 million,
or 88.0% of our total securities portfolio. Included in this balance was $600,000 of mortgage-backed securities issued by private
issuers. Our policy is to limit purchases of privately issued mortgage-backed securities to non-high risk securities rated  A 
or higher by a nationally recognized credit rating agency. High risk securities generally are defined as those exhibiting significantly
greater volatility of estimated average life and price due to changes in interest rates than 30-year fixed rate securities. 

 Mortgage-backed
pass through securities are created by pooling mortgages and issuing a security with an interest rate less than the interest rate
on the underlying mortgages. Mortgage-backed pass through securities represent a participation interest in a pool of single-family
or multi-family mortgages. As loan payments are made by the borrowers, the principal and interest portion of the payment is passed
through to the investor as received. CMOs are also backed by mortgages. However they differ from mortgage-backed pass through securities
because the principal and interest payments on the underlying mortgages are structured so that they are paid to the security holders
of pre-determined classes or tranches at a faster or slower pace. The receipt of these principal and interest payments, which depends
on the estimated average life for each class, is contingent on a prepayment speed assumption assigned to the underlying mortgages.
Variances between the assumed payment speed and actual payments can significantly alter the average lives of such securities. Mortgage-backed
securities and CMOs generally yield less than the loans that underlie such securities because of the cost of payment guarantees
and credit enhancements. However, mortgage-backed securities are usually more liquid than individual mortgage loans and may be
used to collateralize borrowings and other liabilities. 

 Mortgage-backed
securities present a risk that actual prepayments may differ from estimated prepayments over the life of the security, which may
require adjustments to the amortization of any premium or accretion of any discount relating  

16  

       Table of Contents   

to such instruments that can change
the net yield on the securities. There is also reinvestment risk associated with the cash flows from such securities or if the
securities are redeemed by the issuer. In addition, the market value of such securities may be adversely affected by changes in
interest rates. 

 Our mortgage-backed
securities portfolio had a weighted average yield of 2.58% at September 30, 2016. The estimated fair value of our mortgage-backed
securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 was $52.3 million, which was $1.2 million more than the amortized cost of $51.1 million.
Mortgage-backed securities in Magyar Bank s portfolio do not contain sub-prime mortgage loans. 

   Corporate
and Other Securities  . At September 30, 2016, the Bank held one corporate note totaling $3.0 million issued by Wells Fargo
Bank. Our Investment Policy allows for the purchase of such instruments and requires that corporate debt obligations be rated in
one of the four highest categories by a nationally recognized rating service. We may invest up to 25% of Magyar Bank s investment
portfolio in corporate debt obligations and up to 15% of Magyar Bank s capital in any one issuer. 

   Equity Securities.  
At September 30, 2016, we held no equity securities other than $2.2 million in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock. The investment
in Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock is classified as a restricted security, carried at cost and evaluated for impairment.
Equity securities are not insured or guaranteed investments and are affected by market interest rates and stock market fluctuations.
Such investments other than the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York are carried at their fair value and fluctuations in the fair
value of such investments, including temporary declines in value, directly affect our net capital position. 

   Securities Portfolios.
  The following tables set forth the composition of our securities portfolio (excluding Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
common stock) at the dates indicated. 

At September 30, 2016,
a total of nine securities with an aggregate fair value of $8.5 million had gross unrealized losses of $356,000, or approximately
4.2% of fair value. None of these unrealized losses were considered other-than-temporary. 

Portfolio Maturities
and Yields.   The composition, maturities and weighted average yields of the investment debt securities portfolio and the
mortgage-backed securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 are summarized in the following tables. Maturities are based on the
final contractual payment dates, and do not reflect the impact of prepayments or early redemptions that may occur. 

17  

       Table of Contents   

Sources of Funds 

General.   Deposits,
including certificates of deposit, demand, savings, NOW and money market accounts, have traditionally been the primary source of
funds used for our lending and investment activities. We obtain certificates of deposit primarily through our branch network and
to a lesser extent via the brokered CD market. We also use borrowings, primarily Federal Home Loan Bank advances, to supplement
cash flow needs, to lengthen the maturities of liabilities for interest rate risk management and to manage our cost of funds. Additional
sources of funds include principal and interest payments from loans and securities, loan and security prepayments and maturities,
income on other earning assets and stockholders  equity. While cash flows from loans and securities payments can be relatively
stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing interest rates, market conditions
and levels of competition. 

   Deposits.  
Our deposits are generated primarily from residents within our primary market area. We offer a selection of deposit accounts, including
demand accounts, NOW accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, retirement accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposit
account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain
on deposit and the interest rate. We also accept brokered deposits when attractive rates and terms are available. At September
30, 2016, we had $13.9 million in brokered deposits as compared to $11.5 million at September 30, 2015. 

 Interest rates,
maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily
on current operating strategies and market rates, liquidity requirements, rates paid by competitors and growth goals. Personalized
customer service, long-standing relationships with customers and an active marketing program are relied upon to attract and retain
deposits. 

 The flow of deposits
is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in money market and other prevailing interest rates and competition.
The variety of deposit accounts offered allows us to be competitive in obtaining funds and responding to changes in consumer demand.
Based on experience, we believe that our deposits are relatively stable. However, the ability to attract and maintain deposits,
and the rates paid on these deposits, has been and will continue to be significantly affected by market conditions. At September
30, 2016, $134.0 million, or 27.2% of our deposit accounts, were certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts). 

18  

       Table of Contents   

The following table sets
forth the distribution of total deposit accounts, by account type, at the dates indicated. 

As of September 30, 2016,
the aggregate amount of outstanding certificates of deposit (including retirement accounts) in amounts greater than or equal to
$100,000 was $91.8 million. The following table sets forth the maturity of these certificates as of September 30, 2016 (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016,
$56.5 million of our certificates of deposit had maturities of one year or less. We monitor activity on these accounts and, based
on historical experience and our current pricing strategy, we believe we will retain a large portion of these accounts upon maturity. 

The following table sets
forth the interest-bearing deposit activities for the periods indicated. 

Borrowings.  
Our borrowings consist of short- and long-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York. 

As of September 30, 2016,
we had long term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank in the amount of $36.0 million. These aggregate borrowings represent
6.7% of total liabilities and had a weighted average rate of 2.12% at September 30, 2016. Based on eligible collateral pledged
to the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York at September 30, 2016, we had an aggregate borrowing capacity of $95.1 million with the
Federal Home Loan Bank. 

Repurchase agreements are
recorded as financing transactions as we maintain effective control over the transferred or pledged securities. The dollar amount
of the securities underlying the agreements continues to be carried in our securities portfolio while the obligations to repurchase
the securities are reported as liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The securities underlying the agreements are delivered
to the party with whom each transaction is executed. Those parties agree to resell to us the identical securities we delivered
to them at the maturity or call period of the agreement. 

19  

       Table of Contents   

Long-term Federal Home
Loan Bank of New York advances as of September 30, 2016 mature as follows (in thousands): 

Information concerning
overnight line of credit advances with the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York is summarized as follows: 

Subsidiary Activities 

Magyar Bank organized
Magbank Investment Company on August 15, 2006 as a New Jersey investment corporation subsidiary for the purpose of buying, selling
and holding investment securities. The income earned on Magbank Investment Company s investment securities is subject to
a significantly lower state tax than that assessed on income earned on investment securities maintained at Magyar Bank. 

 Hungaria Urban Renewal,
LLC is a Delaware limited-liability corporation established in 2002 as a qualified intermediary operating for the purpose of acquiring
and developing Magyar Bank s main office. On January 24, 2006, Magyar Bank exercised a purchase option within its lease from
Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC allowing Magyar Bank to purchase the land and building from this entity. Magyar Bank acquired a 100%
interest in Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC, which will have no other business other than owning Magyar Bank s main office site.
As part of a tax abatement agreement with the City of New Brunswick, Magyar Bank s new office will remain in Hungaria Urban
Renewal, LLC s name. 

 Magyar Service Corp., a
New Jersey corporation, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Magyar Bank. Magyar Service Corp. offers Magyar Bank customers and others
a complete range of non-deposit investment products and financial planning services, including insurance products, fixed and variable
annuities, and retirement planning for individual and commercial customers. 

Personnel 

 At September 30,
2016 we employed 92 full-time employees and 11 part-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining
group. Management believes that we have good relations with our employees. 

20  

       Table of Contents   

FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION 

Federal Taxation 

   General   .
 Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and Magyar Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations,
with some exceptions discussed below. The most recent audit of Magyar Bank s federal tax returns by the Internal Revenue
Service was for the period ended September 30, 2013. The audit did not result in any material adjustments to the Company s
tax returns or the Company s financial statements. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize
certain pertinent federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to Magyar Bancorp,
Inc. or Magyar Bank. 

   Method of
Accounting   .  For federal income tax purposes, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. reports its income and expenses on the accrual
method of accounting and uses a tax year ending September 30th for filing its federal and state income tax returns. 

   Bad Debt Reserves   .
 Historically, Magyar Bank has been subject to special provisions in the tax law regarding allowable tax bad debt deductions
and related reserves. Tax law changes were enacted in 1996, pursuant to the Small Business Protection Act of 1996 (the  1996
Act ), that eliminated the use of the percentage of taxable income method for computing tax bad debt deductions for tax years
after 1995, and required recapture into taxable income over a six-year period all applicable excess bad debt reserves accumulated
after 1988. 

 Currently, Magyar
Bank uses the direct charge off method to account for bad debt deductions for income tax purposes. 

   Taxable Distributions
and Recapture   .  Prior to the 1996 Act, bad debt reserves created prior to January 1, 1988 (pre-base year reserves)
were subject to recapture into taxable income if Magyar Bank failed to meet certain thrift asset and definitional tests. 

 At September 30,
2016, our total federal pre-base year reserve was approximately $1.3 million. However, under current law, pre-base year reserves
remain subject to recapture if Magyar Bank makes certain non-dividend distributions, repurchases any of its stock, pays dividends
in excess of tax earnings and profits, or ceases to maintain a bank charter. 

   Alternative Minimum
Tax   .  The Internal Revenue Code imposes an alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) at a rate of 20% on a base
of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences ( alternative minimum taxable income  or  AMTI ).
The AMT is payable to the extent such AMTI is in excess of an exemption amount and the AMT exceeds the regular income tax. Generally,
AMT net operating losses can offset no more than 90% of AMTI. Certain payments of AMT may be used as credits against regular tax
liabilities in future years. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and Magyar Bank have been subject to the AMT in prior periods but have subsequently
used most of these credits against regular tax liabilities. 

Net Operating Loss
Carryovers   .  At September 30, 2016, a financial institution was able to carry back net operating losses to the preceding
five taxable years and forward to the succeeding 20 taxable years. At September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $3.6 million
of federal and $4.8 million of state net operating loss carry forwards available to offset future taxable income for tax reporting
purposes. The federal and state net operating loss carry forwards will begin to expire in 2029, if not used. Based on projections
of future taxable income, the Company expects to be able to utilize all net operating loss carry forwards prior to their expiration. 

Corporate Dividends-Received
Deduction   .  Magyar Bancorp, Inc. may exclude from its federal taxable income 100% of dividends received from Magyar
Bank as a wholly owned subsidiary. The corporate dividends-received deduction is 80% when the dividend is received from a corporation
having at least 20% of its stock owned by the recipient corporation. A 70% dividends-received deduction is available for dividends
received from corporations owned less than 20% by the recipient corporation. 

State Taxation 

   New Jersey
State Taxation.   The income of savings institutions in New Jersey, which is calculated based on federal taxable income,
subject to certain adjustments, is subject to New Jersey tax. Magyar Bank, Magyar Service Corporation, and MagBank Investment Company
file New Jersey corporate income tax returns. Magyar Bank, Magyar Service Corp., and MagBank Investment Company are not currently
under audit with respect to their New Jersey income tax returns nor have their respective state tax returns been audited for the
past five years. 

21  

       Table of Contents   

New Jersey tax law
does not and has not allowed for a taxpayer to file a tax return on a combined or consolidated basis with another member of the
affiliated group where there is common ownership. However, under recent tax legislation, if the taxpayer cannot demonstrate by
clear and convincing evidence that the tax filing discloses the true earnings of the taxpayer on its business carried on in the
State of New Jersey, the New Jersey Director of the Division of Taxation may, at the director s discretion, require the taxpayer
to file a consolidated return of the entire operations of the affiliated group or controlled group, including its own operations
and income. 

   Delaware and
New Jersey State Taxation.   As a Delaware holding company not earning income in Delaware, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is exempt
from Delaware corporate income tax, but is required to file annual returns and pay annual fees and a franchise tax to the State
of Delaware. 

 Magyar Bancorp, Inc.
is subject to New Jersey corporate income taxes in the same manner as described above for Magyar Bank. 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 

General 

 Magyar Bank is a
New Jersey-chartered savings bank, and its deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC under the Deposit Insurance
Fund ( DIF ). Magyar Bank is subject to extensive regulation, examination and supervision by the Commissioner of the
New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance (the  Commissioner ) as the issuer of its charter, and by the FDIC as
deposit insurer and its primary federal regulator. Magyar Bank must file reports with the Commissioner and the FDIC concerning
its activities and financial condition, and it must obtain regulatory approval prior to entering into certain transactions, such
as mergers with, or acquisitions of, other depository institutions and opening or acquiring branch offices. The Commissioner and
the FDIC conduct periodic examinations to assess Magyar Bank s compliance with various regulatory requirements. This regulation
and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which a savings bank can engage and is intended primarily
for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and depositors. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities
extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies
with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. 

 Magyar Bancorp,
Inc., as a bank holding company controlling Magyar Bank, is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended ( BHCA ),
and the rules and regulations of the FRB under the BHCA and to the provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act of 1948 (the  New
Jersey Banking Act ), and to the regulations of the Commissioner under the New Jersey Banking Act applicable to bank holding
companies. Magyar Bank and Magyar Bancorp, Inc. are required to file reports with, and otherwise comply with the rules and regulations
of the FRB and the Commissioner. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is required to file certain reports with, and otherwise comply with, the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. 

 Any change in such
laws and regulations, whether by the Commissioner, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board or through
legislation, could have a material adverse impact on Magyar Bank and Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and their operations and stockholders. 

 Certain of the laws and
regulations applicable to Magyar Bank and Magyar Bancorp, Inc. are summarized below. These summaries do not purport to be complete
and are qualified in their entirety by reference to such laws and regulations. 

Federal Legislation  

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the  Dodd-Frank Act ) broadened the base for FDIC insurance assessments.
Assessments are now based on the average consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution. The
Dodd-Frank Act also permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions
to $250,000 per depositor. The Dodd-Frank Act increased stockholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to
give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called  golden parachute  payments, and authorizing
the Securities and Exchange Commission to promulgate rules that would allow stockholders to nominate and solicit votes for their
own candidates using a company s proxy materials. The legislation also directed the FRB to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive
compensation paid to bank holding company executives, regardless of whether the company is publicly traded or not. The Dodd-Frank
Act provided for originators of certain securitized loans to retain a percentage of the risk, directed the FRB to regulate pricing
of certain  

22  

       Table of Contents   

debit card interchange fees, contained a number of reforms related to mortgage originations and authorized depository
institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts. 

New Jersey Banking Regulation 

Activity Powers.  
Magyar Bank derives its lending, investment and other activity powers primarily from the applicable provisions of the New Jersey
Banking Act and its related regulations. Under these laws and regulations, savings banks, including Magyar Bank, generally may
invest in: 

real estate mortgages;   

consumer and commercial loans;   

specific types of debt securities, including certain corporate debt securities and obligations
of federal, state and local governments and agencies;   

certain types of corporate equity securities; and   

certain other assets.   

 A savings bank may
also make other investments pursuant to  leeway  authority that permits investments not otherwise permitted by the
New Jersey Banking Act.  Leeway  investments must comply with a number of limitations on the individual and aggregate
amounts of  leeway  investments. A savings bank may also exercise trust powers upon approval of the Commissioner. New
Jersey savings banks may exercise those powers, rights, benefits or privileges authorized for national banks or out-of-state banks
or for federal or out-of-state savings banks or savings associations, provided that before exercising any such power, right, benefit
or privilege, prior approval by the Commissioner by regulation or by specific authorization is required. The exercise of these
lending, investment and activity powers are limited by federal law and regulations. See  Federal Banking Regulation-Activity
Restrictions on State-Chartered Banks  below. 

   Loans-to-One-Borrower
Limitations.   With certain specified exceptions, a New Jersey-chartered savings bank may not make loans or extend credit
to a single borrower or to entities related to the borrower in an aggregate amount that would exceed 15% of the bank s capital
funds. A savings bank may lend an additional 10% of the bank s capital funds if secured by collateral meeting the requirements
of the New Jersey Banking Act. Magyar Bank currently complies with applicable loans-to-one-borrower limitations. 

   Dividends.  
Under the New Jersey Banking Act, a stock savings bank may declare and pay a dividend on its capital stock only to the extent that
the payment of the dividend would not impair the capital stock of the savings bank. In addition, a stock savings bank may not pay
a dividend unless the savings bank would, after the payment of the dividend, have a surplus of not less than 50% of its capital
stock, or alternatively, the payment of the dividend would not reduce the surplus. Federal law may also limit the amount of dividends
that may be paid by Magyar Bank. See  Federal Banking Regulation-Prompt Corrective Action  below. 

   Minimum Capital
Requirements.   Regulations of the Commissioner impose on New Jersey-chartered depository institutions, including Magyar
Bank, minimum capital requirements similar to those imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation on insured state banks.
See  Federal Banking Regulation-Capital Requirements.  

   Examination and Enforcement.  
The NJDBI may examine Magyar Bank whenever it deems an examination advisable. The NJDBI examines Magyar Bank at least every two
years. The Commissioner may order any savings bank to discontinue any violation of law or unsafe or unsound business practice and
may direct any director, officer, attorney or employee of a savings bank engaged in an objectionable activity, after the Commissioner
has ordered the activity to be terminated, to show cause at a hearing before the Commissioner why such person should not be removed.
The Commissioner also has authority to appoint a conservator or receiver for a savings bank under certain circumstances such as
insolvency or unsafe or unsound condition to transact business. 

Federal Banking Regulation 

Capital Requirements.
  Federal regulations require FDIC insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity
Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio, a Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio, a total capital to risk-based assets, and
a Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio. The existing capital requirements were effective January 1, 2015 and are the result
of a final rule implementing regulatory amendments based on recommendations of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain
requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. 

23  

       Table of Contents   

The capital standards
require the maintenance of common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets of
at least 4.5%, 6% and 8%, respectively, and a leverage ratio of at least 4% Tier 1 capital. Common equity Tier 1 capital is
generally defined as common stockholders  equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity
Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related
surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity
Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related
surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory
convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for
loan and lease losses limited to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out
election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ( AOCI ), up to 45% of net unrealized gains
on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the
AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities).
Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. 

 In determining the
amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance
sheet assets (e.g., recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor
assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for
asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0% is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities,
a risk weight of 50% is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one-to four-family residential mortgages, a risk
weight of 100% is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150% is assigned to certain past due loans and a
risk weight of between 0% to 600% is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. 

 In addition to establishing
the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments
to management if the institution does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of common equity
Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted asset above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital
conservation buffer requirement began being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and increases
each year until fully implemented at 2.5% on January 1, 2019. 

 In assessing an
institution s capital adequacy, the FDIC takes into consideration, not only these numeric factors, but qualitative factors
as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where deemed necessary. 

 At September 30, 2016,
Magyar Bank s common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets ratio was 11.45%, total capital to risk-based assets was
12.19%, and Tier 1 capital to total assets leverage ratio was 8.27%. The Bank has committed to the FDIC to maintain capital at
or above the well capitalized level. 

Prompt Corrective
Action.   The FDIC Improvement Act established a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized
institutions. The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. The regulations were amended
to incorporate the previously mentioned increased regulatory capital standards that were effective January 1, 2015. An institution
is deemed to be  well capitalized  if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0% or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5% or greater. An institution
is  adequately capitalized  if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital
ratio of 6.0% or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0% or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5% or greater. An institution
is  undercapitalized  if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of less than 6.0%, a leverage ratio of less than 4.0% or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5%. An institution is deemed
to be  significantly undercapitalized  if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of less than 4.0%, a leverage ratio of less than 3.0% or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0%. An institution
is considered to be  critically undercapitalized  if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations)
to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. 

 Undercapitalized
institutions are subject to a variety of mandatory supervisory measures including the requirement to file a capital plan for the
FDIC s approval and dividend restrictions as well as other discretionary actions by the regulator. 

 The FDIC is required,
with some exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state bank if that bank is  critically undercapitalized. 
For this purpose,  critically undercapitalized  means having a ratio of tangible capital to total assets of less than
2%. The FDIC may also appoint a conservator or receiver for a state bank on the basis of the institution s financial condition
or upon the occurrence of certain events, including: 

24  

       Table of Contents   

insolvency, or when the assets of the bank are less than its liabilities to depositors and others;   

substantial dissipation of assets or earnings through violations of law or unsafe or unsound practices;   

existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business;   

likelihood that the bank will be unable to meet the demands of its depositors or to pay its obligations
in the normal course of business; and   

insufficient capital, or the incurring or likely incurring of losses that will deplete substantially
all of the institution s capital with no reasonable prospect of replenishment of capital without federal assistance.   

   Activity Restrictions
on State-Chartered Banks.   Federal law and FDIC regulations generally limit the activities and investments of state-chartered
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured banks and their subsidiaries to those permissible for national banks and their subsidiaries,
unless such activities and investments are specifically exempted by law or consented to by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 

 Before making a
new investment or engaging in a new activity that is not permissible for a national bank or otherwise permissible under federal
law or the FDIC regulations, an insured bank must seek approval from the FDIC to make such investment or engage in such activity.
The FDIC will not approve the activity unless the bank meets its minimum capital requirements and the FDIC determines that the
activity does not present a significant risk to the DIF. Certain activities of subsidiaries that are engaged in activities permitted
for national banks only through a  financial subsidiary  are subject to additional restrictions. 

 Federal law permits
a state-chartered savings bank to engage, through financial subsidiaries, in any activity in which a national bank may engage through
a financial subsidiary and on substantially the same terms and conditions. In general, the law permits a national bank that is
well-capitalized and well-managed to conduct, through a financial subsidiary, any activity permitted for a financial holding company
other than insurance underwriting, insurance investments, real estate investment or development or merchant banking. The total
assets of all such financial subsidiaries may not exceed the lesser of 45% of the bank s total assets or $50 million. The
bank must have policies and procedures to assess the financial subsidiary s risk and protect the bank from such risk and
potential liability, must not consolidate the financial subsidiary s assets with the bank s and must exclude from its
own assets and equity all equity investments, including retained earnings, in the financial subsidiary. State-chartered savings
banks may retain subsidiaries in existence as of March 11, 2000 and may engage in activities that are not authorized under federal
law. Although Magyar Bank meets all conditions necessary to establish and engage in permitted activities through financial subsidiaries,
it has not yet determined to engage in such activities. 

   Federal Home
Loan Bank System.   Magyar Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank system, which consists of eleven regional federal
home loan banks, each subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Housing Finance Board ( FHFB ). The federal
home loan banks provide a central credit facility primarily for member thrift institutions as well as other entities involved in
home mortgage lending. Magyar Bank, as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, is required to purchase and hold shares
of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York in specified amounts. 

 As of September
30, 2016, Magyar Bank was in compliance with these requirements. 

   Enforcement.  
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has extensive enforcement authority over insured savings banks, including Magyar Bank.
This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders
and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and
regulations and to unsafe or unsound practices. 

   Deposit Insurance.  
Magyar Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Deposit
accounts at Magyar Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, generally up to a maximum of $250,000 for each
separately insured depositor. 

The FDIC assesses insurance
premiums based on the category to which an institution is assigned. Under this assessment system, the FDIC evaluates the risk of
each financial institution based on its supervisory rating and certain financial ratios for purposes of assigning institutions
to a category. Assessments are based on the institution s category, subject to specified adjustments, with institutions perceived
as less risky to the deposit insurance fund paying lower assessments. 

25  

       Table of Contents   

Effective April 1, 2011,
the FDIC Board changed the assessment base from adjusted domestic deposits to a bank s average consolidated total assets
minus average Tier 1 capital, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. The FDIC lowered assessment rates to between 2.5 and 9 basis points
on the broader base for banks in the lowest risk category and 30 to 45 basis points for banks in the highest risk category. The
final rule eliminated the adjustment to the rate paid for secured liabilities, including Federal Home Loan Bank advances, since
these are now part of the new assessment base. 

On April 26, 2016, the
FDIC Board adopted a rule in accordance with provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that requires
large institutions (those greater than $10 billion in assets) to bear the burden of raising the Reserve Ratio from 1.15% to 1.35%.
The rule also amended small institution pricing for deposit insurance which was effective the quarter after the Reserve Ratio reaches
1.15%. The Reserve Ratio is the total of the Deposit Insurance Fund ( DIF ) divided by the total estimated insured
deposits of the industry. The Reserve Ratio reached 1.15% effective as of  June 30, 2016,  lowering
small institution assessment rates to between 1.5 and 16 basis points for banks in the lowest risk category and 3 to 30 basis points
for banks in the higher risk categories. Once the reserve ratio reaches 1.38%, small institutions will receive credits to offset
their contribution to raising the Reserve Ratio to 1.35%. The rule also eliminated the previous risk categories in favor of an
assessment schedule based on examination ratings and financial modeling. 

The
deposit insurance assessment rates are in addition to the assessments for payments on the bonds issued in the late 1980s by the
Financing Corporation, or FICO, to recapitalize the now defunct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. The FICO payments
will continue until the FICO bonds mature in 2017 through 2019. Our expense for the assessment of deposit insurance and the FICO
payments was $720,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 and $721,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Insurance
of deposits may be terminated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe
or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation,
rule, order or condition imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Association does not believe that it is taking
or is subject to any action, condition or violation that could lead to termination of its deposit insurance. 

Transactions
with Affiliates of Magyar Bank.   Magyar Bank s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited
by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing Regulation W promulgated by the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System. An affiliate is a company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with an insured depository
institution such as Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and Magyar Bancorp, MHC. In general, loan transactions between an insured depository institution
and its affiliates are subject to certain quantitative and collateral requirements. In this regard, transactions between an insured
depository institution and its affiliates are limited to 10% of the institution s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus
for transactions with any one affiliate and 20% of unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus for transactions in the aggregate
with all affiliates. Collateral of specific types and in specified amounts ranging from 100% to 130% of the amount of the transaction
must usually be provided by affiliates in order to receive loans from the savings association. In addition, transactions with affiliates
must be consistent with safe and sound banking practices, not involve low-quality assets and be on terms that are as favorable
to the institution as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. Magyar Bank is in compliance with these requirements. 

   Prohibitions
Against Tying Arrangements.   Banks are subject to the prohibitions of 12 U.S.C. Section 1972 on certain tying arrangements.
A depository institution is prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, or
fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional
service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. 

   Community
Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws.   All FDIC insured institutions have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment
Act ( CRA ) and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income
neighbourhoods. In connection with its examination of a state chartered savings bank, the FDIC is required to assess the institution s
record of compliance with the CRA. Among other things, the current CRA regulations replace the prior process-based assessment factors
with a new evaluation system that rates an institution based on its actual performance in meeting community needs. In particular,
the current evaluation system focuses on three tests: 

a lending test, to evaluate the institution s record of making loans in its service areas;   

an investment test, to evaluate the institution s record of investing in community development
projects, affordable housing, and programs benefiting low or moderate income individuals and businesses; and   

a service test, to evaluate the institution s delivery of services through its service channels.   

26  

       Table of Contents   

An institution s
failure to comply with the provisions of the CRA could, at a minimum, result in regulatory restrictions on its activities. We received
an  outstanding  CRA rating in our most recently completed federal examination, which was conducted by the FDIC in
2013. 

 In addition, the Equal
Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of
characteristics specified in those statutes. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act
could result in enforcement actions by the FDIC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. 

Loans to a Bank s
Insiders 

Federal Regulation.  
A bank s loans to its executive officers, directors, any owner of 10% or more of its stock (each, an insider) and any of
certain entities affiliated with any such person (an insider s related interest) are subject to the conditions and limitations
imposed by Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing regulations. Under these restrictions, the aggregate amount
of the loans to any insider and the insider s related interests may not exceed the loans-to-one-borrower limit applicable
to national banks, which is comparable to the loans-to-one-borrower limit applicable to Magyar Bank s loans. See  New
Jersey Banking Regulation Loans-to-One Borrower Limitations.  All loans by a bank to all insiders and insiders 
related interests in the aggregate may not exceed the bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. With certain exceptions,
loans to an executive officer, other than loans for the education of the officer s children and certain loans secured by
the officer s residence, may not exceed the lesser of (1) $100,000 or (2) the greater of $25,000 or 2.5% of the bank s
unimpaired capital and surplus. Federal regulation also requires that any proposed loan to an insider or a related interest of
that insider be approved in advance by a majority of the Board of Directors of the bank, with any interested directors not participating
in the voting, if such loan, when aggregated with any existing loans to that insider and the insider s related interests,
would exceed either (1) $250,000 or (2) the greater of $25,000 or 5% of the bank s unimpaired capital and surplus. Generally,
such loans must be made on substantially the same terms as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent
than, those that are prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons. 

An exception is made for
extensions of credit made pursuant to a benefit or compensation plan of a bank that is widely available to employees of the bank
and that does not give any preference to insiders of the bank over other employees of the bank. 

In addition, federal law
prohibits extensions of credit to a bank s insiders and their related interests by any other institution that has a correspondent
banking relationship with the bank, unless such extension of credit is on substantially the same terms as those prevailing at the
time for comparable transactions with other persons and does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other
unfavourable features. 

New Jersey Regulation.  
Provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act impose conditions and limitations on the liabilities to a savings bank of its directors
and executive officers and of corporations and partnerships controlled by such persons, that are comparable in many respects to
the conditions and limitations imposed on the loans and extensions of credit to insiders and their related interests under federal
law, as discussed above. The New Jersey Banking Act also provides that a savings bank that is in compliance with federal law is
deemed to be in compliance with such provisions of the New Jersey Banking Act. 

Federal Reserve System 

Federal Reserve Board regulations
require all depository institutions to maintain reserves at specified levels against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW
and regular checking accounts). At September 30, 2016, Magyar Bank was in compliance with the Federal Reserve Board s reserve
requirements. Savings banks, such as Magyar Bank, are authorized to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank  discount window. 
Magyar Bank is deemed by the Federal Reserve Board to be generally sound and thus is eligible to obtain secondary credit from its
Federal Reserve Bank. Generally, secondary credit is extended on a very short-term basis to meet the liquidity needs of the institution.
Loans must be secured by acceptable collateral and carry a rate of interest above the Federal Open Market Committee s federal
funds target rate. 

The USA PATRIOT Act 

The USA PATRIOT Act gives
the federal government new powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance
powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act also requires the federal
banking agencies to take into consideration the effectiveness of controls designed to combat money laundering activities in determining
whether to approve a merger or  

27  

       Table of Contents   

other acquisition application of a member institution. Accordingly, if we engage in a merger or
other acquisition, our controls designed to combat money laundering would be considered as part of the application process. We
have established policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations. 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 ( SOX ) is a law that addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive
compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by Section 302(a) of Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer each are required to certify that its
quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules have several requirements, including
having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness
of our internal controls; they have made certain disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the Board of Directors
about our internal controls; and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and
whether there have been significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal
controls. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has existing policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and is
further enhancing and documenting such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. 

Section 404(b) requires
independent auditors to report on management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting.  The 2010 Dodd-Frank
Act provided an exemption on compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX) Section 404(b) for companies with less than $75.0 million
in market capitalization. The inclusion of the exemption in the final reform legislation permanently exempted the auditor attestation
requirement and significantly reduced the compliance burdens of smaller reporting companies.  Disclosure of management attestations
on internal control over financial reporting continues to be required for smaller reporting companies. 

Holding Company Regulation 

Federal Regulation.  
Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is regulated as a bank holding company. Bank holding companies are subject to examination, regulation and
periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act, as administered by the Federal Reserve Board. Bank holding companies are
generally subject to consolidated capital requirements established by the FRB. The Dodd-Frank Act required the FRB to amend its
consolidated minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies to make them no less stringent than those applicable to insured
depository institutions themselves. However, legislation was enacted in December 2014 which required the FRB to amend its  Small
Bank Holding Company  exemption from consolidated holding company capital requirements to generally extend the applicability
of the exemption from $500 million to $1 billion in assets. Regulations doing so were effective May 15, 2015. Consequently, bank
holding companies of under $1 billion in consolidated assets remain exempt from consolidated regulatory capital requirements, unless
the Federal Reserve determines otherwise in particular cases. 

Regulations of the FRB
provide that a bank holding company must serve as a source of strength to any of its subsidiary banks and must not conduct its
activities in an unsafe or unsound manner. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the source of strength policy and requires the promulgation
of implementing regulations. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the Act, a bank holding company parent of an undercapitalized
subsidiary bank would be directed to guarantee, within limitations, the capital restoration plan that is required of such an undercapitalized
bank. See  Federal Banking Regulation Prompt Corrective Action.  If the undercapitalized bank fails to file an
acceptable capital restoration plan or fails to implement an accepted plan, the FRB may prohibit the bank holding company parent
of the undercapitalized bank from paying any dividend or making any other form of capital distribution without the prior approval
of the FRB. 

As a bank holding
company, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is required to obtain the prior approval of the FRB to acquire all, or substantially all, of the
assets of any bank or bank holding company. Prior FRB approval is required for Magyar Bancorp, Inc. to acquire direct or indirect
ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after giving effect to such acquisition,
it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5% of any class of voting shares of such bank or bank holding company. 

 A bank holding company
is required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of its outstanding equity securities if the gross
consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions
during the preceding 12 months, will be equal to 10% or more of the company s consolidated net worth. The FRB may disapprove
such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate
any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. Such notice and approval
is not required for a bank holding company that would be treated as  well capitalized  under applicable regulations
of the FRB, that has received a composite 

28  

       Table of Contents   

1  or  2  rating, as well as a  satisfactory  rating
for management, at its most recent bank holding company inspection by the FRB, and that is not the subject of any unresolved supervisory
issues. 

In addition, a bank holding
company that does not elect to be a financial holding company under federal regulation, is generally prohibited from engaging in,
or acquiring direct or indirect control of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this
prohibition is for activities found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be permissible.
Some of the principal activities that the FRB has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking as to be permissible
are: 

making or servicing loans;   

performing certain data processing services;   

providing discount brokerage services, or acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor;   

leasing personal or real property;   

making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare;
and   

acquiring a savings and loan association.   

 Bank holding companies
that elect to be a financial holding company may engage in activities that are financial in nature or incident to activities which
are financial in nature, including investment banking and insurance underwriting. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has not elected to be a
financial holding company, although it may seek to do so in the future. Bank holding companies may elect to become a financial
holding company if: 

each of its depository institution subsidiaries is  well capitalized;    

each of its depository institution subsidiaries is  well managed;    

each of its depository institution subsidiaries has at least a  satisfactory  Community
Reinvestment Act rating at its most recent examination; and   

the bank holding company has filed a certification with the FRB stating that it elects to become
a financial holding company.   

 Under federal law, depository
institutions are liable to the FDIC for losses suffered or anticipated by the FDIC in connection with the default of a commonly
controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the FDIC to such an institution in danger of default. This law
would be applicable potentially to Magyar Bancorp, Inc. if it ever acquired as a separate subsidiary a depository institution in
addition to Magyar Bank. 

It has been the policy
of many mutual holding companies to waive the receipt of dividends declared by its subsidiary. In connection with its approval
of the reorganization, however, the FRB required Magyar Bancorp, MHC to obtain prior FRB approval before it may waive any dividends.
As of the date hereof, FRB policy is to prohibit a mutual bank holding company from waiving the receipt of dividends from its holding
company or bank subsidiary, and management is not aware of any instance in which the FRB has given its approval for a mutual bank
holding company to waive dividends. It is not currently intended that Magyar Bancorp, MHC will waive dividends declared by Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. as long as Magyar Bancorp, MHC is regulated by the Federal Reserve Board. 

Conversion of Magyar
Bancorp, MHC to Stock Form  . Magyar Bancorp, MHC is permitted to convert from the mutual form of organization to the capital
stock form of organization (a  Conversion Transaction ). There can be no assurance when, if ever, a Conversion Transaction
will occur, and the Board of Directors has no current intention or plan to undertake a Conversion Transaction. In a Conversion
Transaction a new stock holding company may be formed as the successor to Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (the  New Holding Company ),
Magyar Bancorp, MHC s corporate existence would end, and certain depositors of Magyar Bank would receive the right to subscribe
for additional shares of the New Holding Company. In a Conversion Transaction, each share of common stock held by stockholders
other than Magyar Bancorp, MHC ( Minority Stockholders ) would be converted into a number of shares of common stock
of the New Holding Company determined pursuant to an exchange ratio that ensures that Minority Stockholders own the same percentage
of common stock in the New Holding Company as they owned in Magyar Bancorp, Inc. immediately before the Conversion Transaction,
subject to any adjustment required by regulation or regulatory policy. The total number of shares held by Minority Stockholders
after a Conversion Transaction also would be increased by any purchases by Minority Stockholders in the stock offering conducted
as part of the Conversion Transaction. 

29  

       Table of Contents   

Any Conversion Transaction
would require the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. common stock held by Minority Stockholders
and the approval of a majority of the eligible votes of depositors of Magyar Bank. 

New Jersey
Regulation.   Under the New Jersey Banking Act, a company owning or controlling a savings bank is regulated as a bank holding
company. The New Jersey Banking Act defines the terms  company  and  bank holding company  as such terms
are defined under the BHCA. Each bank holding company controlling a New Jersey-chartered bank or savings bank must file certain
reports with the Commissioner and is subject to examination by the Commissioner. 

   Acquisition
of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.   Under federal law and under the New Jersey Banking Act, no person may acquire control of Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. without first obtaining approval of such acquisition of control by the Federal Reserve Board and the Commissioner. 

   Federal Securities
Laws.   Magyar Bancorp, Inc. common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions
and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

The registration under
the Securities Act of 1933 of shares of the common stock sold in the stock offering did not cover the resale of the shares. Shares
of the common stock purchased by persons who are not affiliates of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. may be resold without registration. Shares
purchased by an affiliate of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. will be subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act
of 1933. If Magyar Bancorp, Inc. meets the current public information requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933,
each affiliate of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. who complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate s
sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of
shares not to exceed, in any three month period, the greater of 1% of the outstanding shares of Magyar Bancorp, Inc., or the average
weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. Provision may be made in the future by Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. to permit affiliates to have their shares registered for sale under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM 1A.   
      Risk Factors   

Changes in Interest
Rates May Hurt our Profits and Asset Values. 

 Our earnings largely depend
on our net interest income, which could be negatively affected by changes in interest rates. Net interest income is the difference
between: 

the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities; and   

the interest expense we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings.   

The rates we earn on our
assets and the rates we pay on our liabilities are generally fixed for a contractual period of time. While we have taken steps
to attempt to reduce our exposure to increases in interest rates, historically our liabilities generally have shorter contractual
maturities than our assets. This imbalance can create significant earnings volatility, because market interest rates change over
time. In a period of rising interest rates, the interest income earned on our assets may not increase as rapidly as the interest
paid on our liabilities. Likewise, in a period of falling interest rates, the interest expense paid on our liabilities may not
decrease as rapidly as the interest income received on our assets. See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations-Management of Market Risk.  

In addition, changes in
interest rates can affect the average life of loans and mortgage-backed securities. A reduction in interest rates causes increased
prepayments of loans and mortgage-backed securities as borrowers tend to refinance their debt to reduce their borrowing costs.
This creates reinvestment risk, which is the risk that we may not be able to reinvest the funds from faster prepayments at rates
that are comparable to the rates we earned on the prepaid loans or securities. Additionally, increases in interest rates may decrease
loan demand and/or make it more difficult for borrowers to repay adjustable-rate loans. 

Changes in interest
rates also affect the current market value of our interest-earning securities portfolio. Generally, the value of securities moves
inversely with changes in interest rates. At September 30, 2016, the fair value of our total securities portfolio was $59.1 million.
The unrealized net gain on securities totaled $966,000 on a pre-tax basis at September 30, 2016. 

30  

       Table of Contents   

We evaluate interest
rate sensitivity using models that estimate the change in Magyar Bank s net interest income over a range of interest rate
scenarios. At September 30, 2016, in the event of an immediate 200 basis point increase in interest rates, the model projects that
we would experience a $365,000, or 2.09%, decrease in net interest income in the first year following the change in interest rates,
and a $576,000, or 3.36%, increase in net interest income in the second year following the change in interest rates. At September
30, 2016, in the event of an immediate 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, the model projects that we would experience
an $901,000, or 5.16%, decrease in net interest income in the first year following the change in interest rates, and a $1.5 million,
or 8.65%, decrease in net interest income in the second year following the change in interest rates. 

 At September 30,
2016, our available-for-sale securities portfolio totaled $5.2 million, which were all mortgage-backed securities. To the extent
interest rates increase and the value of our available-for-sale portfolio decreases, our stockholders  equity will be adversely
affected. 

 Because We Intend
to Continue our Emphasis on the Origination of Commercial Business Loans and Commercial Real Estate Loans, Our Lending Risk Has
Increased in Recent Years and May Increase in Future Years. 

 At September 30,
2016, our portfolio of commercial business and commercial real estate loans totaled $238.4 million, or 52.1% of our total loans,
compared to $215.3 million, or 50.9% of our total loans at September 30, 2015 and $204.5 million, or 50.3% of our total loans at
September 30, 2014. It is our intent to continue to emphasize the origination of commercial business and commercial real estate
loans. Commercial business and commercial real estate loans generally have more risk than one-to four-family residential mortgage
loans. At September 30, 2016, our non-performing loans decreased to $4.2 million from $5.9 million at September 30, 2016. Because
the repayment of these loans depends on the successful management and operation of the borrower s properties or related businesses,
repayment of these loans has been and may continue to be affected by adverse conditions in the real estate market or the local
economy. Further, these loans typically have larger loan balances, and several of our borrowers have more than one commercial business
and commercial real estate loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit
relationship can expose us to significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one- to four-family
residential mortgage loan. Finally, if we foreclose on a commercial business or commercial real estate loan, our holding period
for the collateral, if any, typically is longer than for one- to four-family residential mortgage loans because there are fewer
potential purchasers of the collateral. Because we plan to continue to emphasize the origination of these loans, it may be necessary
to increase our allowance for loan losses because of the increased credit risk associated with these types of loans. Any increase
to our allowance for loan losses would adversely affect our earnings. 

  A Worsening of
Economic Conditions Could Reduce Demand for Our Products and Services and/or Result in Increases in Our Level of Non-performing
Loans, Which Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations.   

 Unlike larger financial
institutions that are more geographically diversified, our profitability depends primarily on the general economic conditions in
New Jersey and the greater New York metropolitan area. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on our commercial real
estate and construction and consumer loans, the ability of the borrowers to repay these loans and the value of the collateral securing
these loans. Almost all of our loans are to borrowers located in or secured by collateral located in New Jersey and the New York
metropolitan area. 

 A deterioration in economic
conditions could result in the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations: 

demand for our products and services may decline;   

loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase;   

collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, in turn reducing customers 
future borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with existing loans;   

the value of our securities portfolio may decline; and   

the net worth and liquidity of loan guarantors may decline, impairing their ability to honor commitments
to us.   

31  

       Table of Contents   

Moreover, a significant
decline in general economic conditions, caused by inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, an outbreak of hostilities or other
international or domestic calamities, unemployment or other factors beyond our control could further impact these local economic
conditions and could further negatively affect the financial results of our banking operations. In addition, deflationary pressures,
while possibly lowering our operating costs, could have a significant negative effect on our borrowers, especially our business
borrowers, and the values of underlying collateral securing loans, which could negatively affect our financial performance. 

 If Our Allowance
for Loan Losses is Not Sufficient to Cover Actual Loan Losses, Our Earnings Could Decrease. 

 Our allowance for
loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, requiring additions to our allowance, which could
materially decrease our net income. Our allowance for loan losses was 0.67% of total loans and 72.6% of total non-performing loans
at September 30, 2016. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the
creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of
many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans and our loss and delinquency
experience, and we evaluate economic conditions. Based on this review, we believe our allowance for loan losses is adequate to
absorb losses in our loan portfolio as of September 30, 2016. 

 Bank regulators
periodically review our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further
loan charge-offs. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs as required by these regulatory authorities
will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 Strong Competition
Within Our Market Area May Limit Our Growth and Profitability. 

 Competition in the
banking and financial services industry is intense. In our market area, we compete with commercial banks, savings institutions,
mortgage brokerage firms, credit unions, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, and brokerage and investment banking
firms operating locally and elsewhere. Some of our competitors have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we,
have greater name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business, and offer certain services that we
do not or cannot provide. In addition, larger competitors may be able to price loans and deposits more aggressively than we do.
Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to successfully compete in our market area. The greater resources and deposit
and loan products offered by some of our competitors may limit our ability to increase our interest-earning assets. For additional
information see  Business of Magyar Bank-Competition.  

 If We Declare
Dividends on Our Common Stock, Magyar Bancorp, MHC Will Be Prohibited from Waiving the Receipt of Dividends by Current Federal
Reserve Board Policy, Which May Result in Lower Dividends for All Other Stockholders. 

 The Board of Directors
of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has the authority to declare dividends on its common stock, subject to statutory and regulatory requirements.
So long as Magyar Bancorp, MHC is regulated by the FRB, if Magyar Bancorp, Inc. pays dividends to its stockholders, it also will
be required to pay dividends to Magyar Bancorp, MHC, unless Magyar Bancorp, MHC is permitted by the FRB to waive the receipt of
dividends. The FRB s current position is to not permit a mutual holding company to waive dividends declared by its subsidiary.
Accordingly, because dividends will be required to be paid to Magyar Bancorp, MHC along with all other stockholders, the amount
of dividends available for all other shareholders will be less than if Magyar Bancorp, MHC were permitted to waive the receipt
of dividends. 

 Magyar Bancorp,
MHC Exercises Voting Control Over Magyar Bancorp, Inc.; Public Stockholders Own a Minority Interest. 

 Magyar Bancorp, MHC owns
a majority of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s common stock and, through its Board of Directors, exercises voting control over the
outcome of all matters put to a vote of stock holders (including the election of directors), except for matters that require a
vote greater than a majority. Public stockholders own a minority of the outstanding shares of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s common
stock. The same directors and officers who manage Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and Magyar Bank also manage Magyar Bancorp, MHC. In addition,
regulatory restrictions applicable to Magyar Bancorp, MHC prohibit the sale of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. unless the mutual holding company
first undertakes a second-step conversion. 

32  

       Table of Contents   

We Operate In A Highly
Regulated Environment and May Be Adversely Affected By Changes In Laws And Regulations. 

Magyar Bank is subject
to extensive regulation, supervision and examination by the NJDBI, its chartering authority, and by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, which insures Magyar Bank s deposits. As a bank holding company, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is subject to regulation
and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. Such regulation and supervision govern the activities in which financial institutions
and their holding companies may engage and are intended primarily for the protection of the federal deposit insurance fund and
depositors. These regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities,
including the imposition of restrictions on the operations of financial institutions, the classification of assets by financial
institutions and the adequacy of financial institutions  allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight,
whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, or legislation, could have a material impact on Magyar Bank and Magyar Bancorp,
Inc. 

Magyar Bank s operations
are also subject to extensive regulation by other federal, state and local governmental authorities, and are subject to various
laws and judicial and administrative decisions that impose requirements and restrictions on operations. These laws, rules and regulations
are frequently changed by legislative and regulatory authorities. There can be no assurance that changes to existing laws, rules
and regulations, or any other new laws, rules or regulations, will not be adopted in the future, which could make compliance more
difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects. 

Non-compliance with the
USA PATRIOT Act, Bank Secrecy Act, or Other Laws and Regulations Could Result in Fines or Sanctions.  

The USA PATRIOT and Bank
Secrecy Acts require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering
and terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports
with the U.S. Treasury s Office of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. These rules require financial institutions
to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new financial accounts. Failure
to comply with these regulations could result in fines or sanctions, including restrictions on conducting acquisitions or establishing
new branches. During the last year, several banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with these laws and
regulations. While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations,
these policies and procedures may not be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 

System Failure or Breaches of Our Network
Security Could Subject Us to Increased Operating Costs as well as Litigation and Other Liabilities.   

 The computer systems
and network infrastructure we and our third-party service providers use could be vulnerable to unforeseen problems. Our operations
are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications
failure or a similar catastrophic event, as well as from security breaches, denial of service attacks, viruses, worms and other
disruptive problems caused by hackers. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Computer break-ins, phishing and other disruptions could also
jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which
may result in significant liability to us and may cause existing and potential customers to refrain from doing business with us.
Although we, with the help of third-party service providers, intend to continue to implement security technology and establish
operational procedures designed to prevent such damage, our security measures may not be successful. In addition, advances in computer
capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the
algorithms we and our third-party service providers use to encrypt and protect customer transaction data. A failure of such security
measures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

 It is possible that a significant
amount of time and money may be spent to rectify the harm caused by a breach or hack. While we have general liability insurance,
there are limitations on coverage as well as dollar amount. Furthermore, cyber incidents carry a greater risk of injury to our
reputation. Finally, depending on the type of incident, banking regulators can impose restrictions on our business and consumer
laws may require reimbursement of customer loss. 

33  

       Table of Contents   

Risks Associated with
Cyber-Security Could Negatively Affect Our Earnings.  

The financial services
industry has experienced an increase in both the number and severity of reported cyber attacks aimed at gaining unauthorized access
to bank systems as a way to misappropriate assets and sensitive information, corrupt and destroy data, or cause operational disruptions 

We have established policies
and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of security breaches, but such events may still occur or may not be adequately addressed
if they do occur. Although we rely on security safeguards to secure our data, these safeguards may not fully protect our systems
from compromises or breaches. 

We also rely on the integrity
and security of a variety of third party processors, payment, clearing and settlement systems, as well as the various participants
involved in these systems, many of which have no direct relationship with us. Failure by these participants or their systems to
protect our customers' transaction data may put us at risk for possible losses due to fraud or operational disruption. 

Our customers are also
the target of cyber attacks and identity theft. Large scale identity theft could result in customers' accounts being compromised
and fraudulent activities being performed in their name. We have implemented certain safeguards against these types of activities
but they may not fully protect us from fraudulent financial losses. 

The occurrence of a breach
of security involving our customers' information, regardless of its origin, could damage our reputation and result in a loss of
customers and business and subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, and could expose us to litigation and possible financial
liability. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B.  
       Unresolved Staff Comments    

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

ITEM 2.   
       Properties    

The following table provides
certain information with respect to our six banking offices as of September 30, 2016: 

The net book value of our
premises, land and equipment was approximately $18.1 million at September 30, 2016. 

For information regarding
Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s investment in mortgages and mortgage-related securities, see  Item 1. Business  herein. 

34  

       Table of Contents   

ITEM 3.  
      Legal Proceedings   

In the ordinary course
of business, we are a party to various legal actions which are incidental to the operation of our business. Although the ultimate
outcome and amount of liability, if any, with respect to these legal actions cannot presently be ascertained with certainty, in
the opinion of management, based upon information currently available to us, any resulting liability is believed to be immaterial
to our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

ITEM 4.  
      Mine Safety Disclosures    

Not
applicable.  

PART II 

ITEM 5.  
      Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

(a)       Our
shares of common stock are traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol  MGYR.  At September 30, 2016, Magyar
Bancorp, MHC owned 3,200,450 shares, or 54.0% of the issued shares of our common stock. The approximate number of holders of record
of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s common stock as of September 30, 2016 was 472. Certain shares of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. are held
in  nominee  or  street  name and accordingly, the number of beneficial owners of such shares is not known
or included in the foregoing number. The following tables present quarterly market information for Magyar Bancorp, Inc. common
stock for each quarter of the previous two fiscal years. Magyar Bancorp, Inc. began trading on the NASDAQ Global Market on January
24, 2006. The following information was provided by the NASDAQ Stock Market. 

Dividend payments by Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. would be dependent primarily on dividends it receives from Magyar Bank, because Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has no source
of income other than dividends from Magyar Bank, earnings from the investment of proceeds from the sale of shares of common stock
retained by Magyar Bancorp, Inc., and interest payments with respect to Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s loan to the Employee Stock
Ownership Plan. For more information on regulatory restrictions regarding the payment of dividends, see  Item 1- Business-
Supervision and Regulation- New Jersey Banking Regulation-Dividends.  

Other than its employee
stock ownership plan, Magyar Bancorp, Inc. does not have any equity compensation plans that were not approved by stockholders.
The following table sets forth information with respect to the Magyar Bancorp s equity compensation plans. 

35  

       Table of Contents   

(1)   Reflects weighted average exercise price of stock options only.    

(b)           Not
applicable. 

 (c)           Share
repurchases. 

The Company completed its
first stock repurchase program of 130,927 shares in November 2007 and announced in November 2007 a second repurchase program of
up to 5% of its publicly-held outstanding shares of common stock, or 129,924 shares, under which 81,000 shares had been repurchased
as of September 30, 2016 at an average price of $8.33. 

There were no repurchases
of our common stock during the year ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 6.  
      Selected Financial Data   

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.   

36  

       Table of Contents   

ITEM 7.  
      Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Overview 

Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (the
 Company ) is a Delaware-chartered mid-tier stock holding company whose most significant business activity is ownership
of 100% of the common stock of Magyar Bank. Magyar Bank s principal business is attracting retail deposits from the general
public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, principal repayments on loans and securities
and borrowed funds, into one-to four-family residential mortgage loans, multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans,
home equity loans and lines of credit, commercial business loans and construction loans. Our results of operations depend primarily
on our net interest income which is the difference between the interest we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest
we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. Our net interest income is primarily affected by the market interest rate environment,
the shape of the U.S. Treasury yield curve, the timing of the placement of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities,
and the prepayment rate on our mortgage-related assets. Other factors that may affect our results of operations are general and
local economic and competitive conditions, government policies and actions of regulatory authorities. 

During the year ended September
30, 2016, the Company s total assets grew $33.8 million to $584.4 million. The increase was attributable to a $34.4 million,
or 8.2%, increase in net loans due to growth in commercial real estate, residential mortgage, construction and home equity line
of credit loans. Investment securities and other real estate owned decreased $510,000 and $4.1 million, respectively. 

Total deposits increased
$26.4 million, or 5.7%, to $492.7 million during the year ended September 30, 2016 from $466.3 million at September 30, 2015, due
to increases of $10.9 million in money market accounts, $10.5 million in savings accounts, $6.5 million in demand accounts and
$7.6 million in NOW accounts. The increase was partially offset by decreases of $7.7 million in certificate deposit accounts and
$1.4 million in retirement accounts. 

The Company reported net
income of $1.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2016. Net income increased $194,000, or 21.6%, compared with net income
of $897,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income between the twelve month periods was attributable
to higher net interest and dividend income, which increased $678,000, and non-interest income, which increased $155,000 between
the annual periods. Provisions for loan loss for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 increased $102,000 to $1.4 million,
while non-interest expenses increased $286,000 to $15.9 million from the prior year period. The Company was able to offset lower
yields on earning assets during the year with lower costing interest bearing liabilities. 

Throughout 2017, we expect
to continue reducing non-performing assets, diversifying our balance sheet with higher concentrations in commercial real estate
and commercial business loans, and managing non-interest expenses in order to increase profitability of the Company. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Critical accounting
policies are defined as those that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and could potentially result in materially
different results under different assumptions and conditions. Critical accounting policies may involve complex subjective decisions
or assessments. We consider the following to be our critical accounting policies. 

   Allowance
for Loan Loss.   The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by management as necessary to cover credit losses
in the loan portfolio both probable and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the
provision for loan losses which is charged against income. In determining the allowance for loan losses, management makes significant
estimates and has identified this policy as one of our most critical. Due to the high degree of judgment involved, the subjectivity
of the assumptions utilized and the potential for changes in the economic environment that could result in changes to the amount
of the recorded allowance for loan losses, the methodology for determining the allowance for loan losses is considered a critical
accounting policy by management. 

 As a substantial
amount of our loan portfolio is collateralized by real estate, appraisals of the underlying value of property securing loans and
discounted cash flow valuations of properties are critical in determining the amount of the allowance required for specific loans.
Assumptions for appraisals and discounted cash flow valuations are instrumental in determining the value of properties. Overly
optimistic assumptions or negative changes to assumptions could significantly affect the valuation of a property securing a loan
and the related allowance determined. The assumptions supporting such 

37  

       Table of Contents   

appraisals and discounted cash flow valuations are carefully
reviewed by management to determine that the resulting values reasonably reflect amounts realizable on the related loans. 

 Management performs
a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses. We consider a variety of factors in establishing this
estimate including, but not limited to, current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic and industry concentrations,
the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant
factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates by management that may be susceptible to significant
change based on changes in economic and real estate market conditions. 

 The evaluation has
a specific and general component. The specific component relates to loans that are delinquent or otherwise identified as impaired
through the application of our loan review process and our loan grading system. All such loans are evaluated individually, with
principal consideration given to the value of the collateral securing the loan and discounted cash flows. Specific impairment allowances
are established as required by this analysis. However, the Bank s Federal and State regulators generally require that the
specific reserve against impaired collateral-dependent loans be charged-off, reducing the carrying balance of the loan and allowance
for loan loss. The general component is determined by segregating the remaining loans by type of loan, risk weighting (if applicable)
and payment history. We analyze historical loss experience, delinquency trends, general economic conditions and geographic and
industry concentrations in establishing the general portion of the reserve. This analysis establishes factors that are applied
to the loan groups to determine the amount of the general component of the allowance for loan losses. 

 Actual loan losses may
be significantly greater than the allowances we have established, which could have a material negative effect on our financial
results. 

Deferred Income Taxes.
  The Company records income taxes using the asset and liability method. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities:
(i) are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements
or tax returns; (ii) are attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and
liabilities and their respective tax bases; and (iii) are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years
when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. 

Deferred tax assets have
been reduced by a valuation allowance for all portions determined not likely to be realized. The effect on deferred tax assets
and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period of enactment. The valuation allowance
is adjusted, by a charge or credit to income tax expense, as changes in facts and circumstances warrant. 

Comparison of Financial
Condition at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 

Total Assets.   Total
assets increased $33.8 million, or 6.1%, during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was attributable to a
$34.4 million increase in loans receivable, net of allowance of loss and higher interest bearing deposits with banks of $3.8 million,
partially offset by a $4.1 million decrease in other real estate owned. 

Loans Receivable.
  Total loans receivable, net of allowance for loan losses, increased $34.4 million, or 8.2%, to $455.0 million at September
30, 2016 from $420.6 million at September 30, 2015. At September 30, 2016, total loans receivable were comprised of $199.5 million
(43.6%) in commercial real estate loans, $173.2 million (37.8%) in 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, $38.9 million (8.5%)
in commercial business loans, $31.3 million (6.8%) in home equity lines of credit and other loans, and $14.9 million (3.3%) in
construction loans. Total loans receivable at September 30, 2015 were comprised of $173.9 million (41.0%) in commercial real estate
loans, $169.8 million (40.1%) in 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, $41.5 million (9.8%) in commercial business loans, $31.4
million (7.5%) in home equity lines of credit and other loans, and $6.7 million (1.6%) in construction loans. 

Total non-performing loans
decreased by $1.7 million to $4.2 million during the year ended September 30, 2016 from $5.9 million at September 30, 2015. At
September 30, 2016, non-performing loans consisted of thirteen loans secured by 1-4 family residential mortgage properties totaling
$2.8 million, three commercial real estate loans totaling $443,000, and one commercial business loans totaling $997,000. The ratio
of non-performing loans to total loans was 0.9% at September 30, 2016 compared to 1.4% at September 30, 2015. 

Once a loan is deemed non-performing,
the value of the collateral securing the loan must be assessed, which is typically done by obtaining an updated third-party appraisal.
To the extent that the current appraised value of collateral is 

38  

       Table of Contents   

insufficient to cover a collateral-dependent loan, the Company
reduces the balance of the loan via a charge to the allowance for loan loss. 

Non-performing loans secured
by one-to four-family residential properties, including home equity lines of credit and other consumer loans, increased $455,000
to $2.8 million at September 30, 2016 from $2.3 million at September 30, 2015. Magyar Bank had begun foreclosure proceedings on
the majority of the properties as of September 30, 2016. Foreclosure of owner-occupied residential properties in the State of New
Jersey can take several years. During the year ended September 30, 2016, Magyar Bank charged off $231,000 from these loans through
a reduction of its allowance for loan loss and recovered $82,000 from a prior year charge-off. 

There were no non-performing
construction loans at September 30, 2016 and 2015. There were no charge-offs of non-performing construction loans while $7,000
was recovered from a prior year charge off during the year ended September 30, 2016. 

Non-performing commercial
real estate loans decreased $1.5 million, or 76.6%, to $443,000 September 30, 2016 from $1.9 million at September 30, 2015. Magyar
Bank had begun foreclosure proceedings on the properties securing these loans at September 30, 2016. During the year ended September
30, 2016 Magyar Bank charged off $61,000 in non-performing commercial real estate loans through a reduction of its allowance for
loan loss and $100,000 was recovered from a prior year charge-off. 

Non-performing commercial
business loans decreased $693,000 to $997,000 at September 30, 2016 from $1.7 million at September 30, 2015. During the year ended
September 30, 2016, Magyar Bank charged off $1.1 million in non-performing commercial business loans through a reduction of its
allowance for loan loss and $28,000 was recovered from a prior year charge-off. 

The ratio of non-performing
loans and troubled debt restructurings to total loans receivable decreased to 0.92% at September 30, 2016 from 1.56% at September
30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses increased $170,000 to $3.1 million, or 72.6% of non-performing loans, at September
30, 2016 compared with $2.9 million, or 48.9% of non-performing loans, at September 30, 2015. Provisions for loan loss during
the year ended September 30, 2016 were $1.4 million while net charge-offs were $1.2 million, compared with a provision of $1.3
million and net charge-offs of $1.2 million for the prior year period. The allowance for loan losses was 0.67% and 0.68% of gross
loans outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Investment Securities.  
Investment securities decreased $510,000, or 0.9%, to $58.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $58.7 million at September 30, 2015.
Investment securities at September 30, 2016 consisted of $50.6 million in mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government
agencies and U.S. government-sponsored enterprises, $4.0 million in U.S. government-sponsored enterprise debt securities, $3.0
million in corporate notes and $600,000 in  private-label  mortgage-backed securities. There were no other-than-temporary-impairment
charges for the Company s investment securities for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

Securities available-for-sale
decreased $830,000, or 13.7%, to $5.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $6.1 million at September 30, 2015. The decrease was the
result of $6.3 million in sales, $1.0 million in principal and premium amortization and $52,000 in unrealized gains, offset by
$6.5 million in purchases during the year. 

Securities held-to-maturity
increased $320,000, or 0.6%, to $52.9 million at September 30, 2016 from $52.6 million at September 30, 2015. The increase was
the result of $10.6 million in security purchases, offset by $5.0 million matured and $5.2 million in principal and premium amortization
during the year. 

Bank-Owned Life Insurance.  
The cash surrender value of life insurance held for directors and executive officers of Magyar Bank increased $295,000, or 2.7%,
to $11.3 million at September 30, 2016 from $11.0 million at September 30, 2015. The increase in bank-owned life insurance was
due to the increase in the cash surrender value of the existing policies. 

Other Real Estate
Owned.   Other real estate owned decreased $4.1 million, or 25.4%, to $12.1 million at September 30, 2016 from $16.2 million
at September 30, 2015. 

During the year ended September
30, 2016, the Company sold twenty properties totaling $4.8 million at a net loss of $101,000, invested $162,000 to complete or
repair properties, and obtained title for four properties totaling $1.8 million previously securing non-performing loans. In addition,
the carrying values of properties were reduced by $1.3 million from valuation allowances, sales deposits and one property totaling
$860,000 that was moved to buildings. OREO at September 30, 2016 consisted of eighteen residential properties (twelve of which
were leased), seven real estate properties approved  

39  

       Table of Contents   

for the construction of residential homes, and five commercial real estate
buildings. The Bank is determining the proper course of action for its OREO, which may include holding the properties until the
real estate market improves, selling the properties to a developer or completing partially completed homes for either rental or
sale. 

Deposits.  
Total deposits increased $26.4 million, or 5.7%, to $492.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $466.3 million at September 30, 2015. 

The Company s deposit
strategy during the year ended September 30, 2016 was focused on increasing and expanding customer relationships with Magyar Bank,
including higher balance commercial deposit accounts. As a result of this strategy, the Bank was able to continue replacing higher-cost,
single service time deposit account holders with non-interest bearing checking and savings account balances. 

The increase in deposits
during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 occurred in money market account balances, which increased $10.9 million, or
10.5%, in savings account balances, which increased $10.5 million, or 11.7%, in non-interest checking account balances, which increased
$6.5 million, or 7.4%, and in interest-bearing checking account balances, which increased $7.6 million, or 18.3%. Partially offsetting
these increases was a $9.1 million, or 6.4%, decrease in certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts). Deposits
accounted for 84.3% of assets and 108.3% of net loans receivable at September 30, 2016. 

At September 30, 2016,
the Company held $13.9 million in brokered certificates of deposit, reflecting a $2.5 million increase from September 30, 2015. 

Borrowed Funds.   Borrowings,
which include Federal Home Loan Bank of New York advances, increased $4.4 million, or 14.1%, to $36.0 million, or 6.2% of assets
at September 30, 2016 from $31.6 million at September 30, 2015. The Bank s borrowings consisted of Federal Home Loan Bank
of New York advances at September 30, 2016. 

Stockholders 
Equity.   Stockholders  equity increased $1.1 million, or 2.3%, to $47.7 million at September 30, 2016 from $46.6 million
at September 30, 2015. The increase in stockholders  equity was attributable to the Company s results of operations
for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company did not repurchase
any shares during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016. The Company has repurchased 81,000 shares pursuant to the second
stock repurchase plan through September 30, 2016, reducing outstanding shares to 5,820,746. 

The Company s book
value per share increased to $8.20 at September 30, 2016 from $8.02 at September 30, 2015. The increase was attributable to the
Company s results from operations. 

Comparison of Operating
Results for the Years Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

Net Income.   The
Company s net income was $1.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, reflecting a $194,000, or 21.6%, increase from
$897,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in net income between the twelve month periods was attributable to
higher net interest and dividend income, which increased $678,000, and non-interest income, which increased $155,000. Provisions
for loan loss for the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 increased $102,000 to $1.4 million, while non-interest expenses increased
$286,000 to $15.9 million. 

The Company s net
interest margin declined by 5 basis points to 3.32% for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to 3.37% for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015. For the year ended September 30, 2016, the net interest margin declined by 8 basis points to 3.27% from
the prior year period. The Company has experienced lower yields on earning assets due to lower market interest rates while competition
for deposits resulted in an increase in the costs of funding. 

Net Interest and
Dividend Income.   Net interest and dividend income increased $678,000, or 4.2%, to $16.9 million during the year ended September
30, 2016 from $16.2 million during the year ended September 30, 2015. Total interest and dividend income increased $1.0 million,
or 5.2%, to $20.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $19.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 while
interest expense increased $336,000, or 10.5%, to $3.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million for the
year ended September 30, 2015. 

40  

       Table of Contents   

Average Balance Sheet.
  The following table presents certain information regarding our financial condition and net interest income for the years
ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014. The table presents the annualized average yield on interest-earning assets and the annualized
average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. We derived the yields and costs by dividing annualized income or expense by the average
balance of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, respectively, for the periods shown. We derived average balances
from daily balances over the periods indicated. Interest income includes fees that we consider adjustments to yields. 

(1)  Calculated using 34% tax rate. 

 (2)  Includes passbook savings, money market passbook and club accounts. 

 (3)  Includes interest-bearing checking and money market accounts. 

 (4)  Includes certificates of deposits and individual retirement accounts. 

 (5)  Calculated as annualized net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.           

41  

       Table of Contents   

Rate/Volume Analysis.  
The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The
rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by average volume). The volume column
shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in average volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents
the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated,
have been allocated proportionately, based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. 

(1) Calculated
using 34% tax rate. 

 (2) Includes
passbook savings, money market passbook and club accounts. 

 (3) Includes
interest-bearing checking and money market accounts. 

 (4) Includes
certificates of deposits and individual retirement accounts. 

Interest and Dividend
Income.   Interest and dividend income increased $1.1 million, or 5.2%, to $20.5 million for the year ended September 30,
2016 from $19.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of interest-earnings assets between the two
periods increased $32.2 million, or 6.7%, to $516.7 million from $484.5 million, while the yield on the assets fell 6 basis points
to 3.95% for the year ended September 30, 2016 from 4.01% for the same period prior year. 

Interest income on loans
increased $778,000, or 4.3%, to $18.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, while the average balance of loans increased
$16.3 million, or 4.0%, to $429.1 million from $412.7 million. The average yield on such loans was 4.36% at September 30, 2016
and 2015. The increase in yield on loans reflected a $16.3 million increase in the average balance in loan receivables during the
year ended September 30, 2016. 

Interest earned on investment
securities, excluding Federal Home Loan Bank of New York stock, increased $222,000, or 16.2%, to $1.6 million for the year ended
September 30, 2016 from $1.4 million for the prior year. The increase was primarily due to a $15.7 million, or 22.5% increase in
the average balance of investment securities and interest earning deposits to $85.5 million from $69.8 million from the prior year,
and a 10 basis point decrease in the average yield on securities to 1.86% from 1.96%. The decline in the yield on investment securities
and the interest earning deposits reflected higher interest balances of interest-earning deposits, which earn lower yields. 

Interest Expense.
  Interest expense increased $336,000, or 10.5%, to $3.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $3.2 million
for the year ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of interest-bearing liabilities  

42  

       Table of Contents   

increased $25.0 million, or 6.3%, to
$421.5 million from $396.5 million between the two periods while the cost of such liabilities increased 3 basis points to 0.84%
for the year ended September 30, 2016 from 0.81% for the same period prior year. 

The average balance of
interest-bearing deposits increased $22.1 million, or 6.1%, to $387.0 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $364.9
million for the prior year while the average cost of such deposits increased 5 basis points to 0.72% from 0.67%. Interest expense
on average deposits increased $342,000, or 14.0%, to $2.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

Interest expense on advances
decreased $6,000, or 0.8%, to $744,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $750,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015.
The average cost of borrowings decreased 22 basis points to 2.15% for the year ended September 30, 2016 from 2.37% for the year
ended September 30, 2015. The average balance of advances and securities sold under agreements to repurchase increased $2.9 million
to $34.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $31.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Provision for Loan
Losses.   We establish provisions for loan losses, which are charged to earnings, at a level necessary to absorb known and
inherent losses that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the date of the financial statements. In evaluating the level
of the allowance for loan losses, management considers historical loss experience, the types of loans and the amount of loans in
the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying
collateral, peer group information and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires
estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available or as future events occur. 

After an evaluation of
these factors, management made a provision of $1.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with a $1.3 million provision
for the prior year. The increase in provisions was attributable to growth in net loans receivable. There were net charge-offs of
$1.2 million for both years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The charge-offs resulted from updated valuations of collateral securing
impaired loans. 

Total non-performing and
performing restructured loans decreased $2.4 million, or 36.4%, to $4.2 million at September 30, 2016 from $6.6 million at September
30, 2015. Excluding troubled debt restructurings, non-performing loans decreased $1.7 million, or 28.7%, to $4.2 million from $5.9
million. The allowance for loan losses increased $170,000 to $3.1 million, or 0.67% of gross loans outstanding at September 30,
2016, from $2.9 million, or 0.68% of gross loans outstanding at September 30, 2015. The increase in the allowance for loan losses
during the year ended September 30, 2016 was attributable to provisions for loan loss of $1.4 million, recoveries totaling $215,000
and growth in total loans receivable, offset by charge-offs totaling $1.4 million. 

Other Income.   Other
income increased $155,000, or 7.8%, to $2.1 million during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $2.0 million for the year
ended September 30, 2015. Other income increased from higher gains on sales of assets, which were $697,000 for the twelve months
ended September 30, 2016 compared with $584,000 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015. 

The Company s gains
on sales of loans increased $83,000, or 15.3%, to $625,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 from $542,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2015. The Company s gains from the sales of investment securities increased $30,000, or 71.4%, to $72,000 for
the year ended September 30, 2016 from $42,000 for the year ended September 30, 2015. 

Other Expenses.   Other
expenses increased $286,000, or 1.8%, to $15.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to $15.7 million for the
year ended September 30, 2015 due to higher compensation and other real estate owned expenses. Compensation and benefit expenses
increased $342,000, or 4.2%, to $8.5 million due to annual merit increases, higher incentive plan accruals, and higher pension
expense than the prior year period. Other real estate owned expenses increased $323,000, or 72.3%, to $770,000 due to $301,000
in valuation allowances recorded during the year on properties that were re-appraised at lower values. 

Partially offsetting the
increases were decreases in occupancy and other expenses. Occupancy expenses decreased $107,000, or 3.8%, to $2.7 million for the
year ended September 30, 2016 from $2.8 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. The decline was due to lower depreciation
and snowplowing expenses incurred during the current year period. Other expenses decreased $114,000 during the twelve months ended
September 30, 2016 due to the settlement of a lawsuit with the Company s former President   CEO that resulted in a net
charge of $135,000 in the prior year period. 

43  

       Table of Contents   

The Company also experienced
lower professional fees and loan servicing expenses. Professional fees decreased $85,000, or 8.0%, to $984,000 during the year
ended September 30, 2016 from $1.1 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. Loan servicing expenses decreased $56,000, or
20.3%, to $220,000 during the twelve months ended September 30, 2016 from $276,000 for the twelve months ended September 30, 2015
due to lower non-performing loan expenses. 

Income Tax Expense.  
The Company recorded tax expense of $664,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016 compared with tax expense of $413,000 for the
year ended September 30, 2015. The increase in income tax expense was due to a $194,000 increase in net income and $60,000 increase
in the valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax asset for the non-qualified stock options due to expire in
fiscal year 2017. The Company s effective tax rates were 37.8% and 31.5% for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

Management of Market Risk  

General  .
The majority of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. Consequently, our most significant form of market risk is interest
rate risk. Our assets, consisting primarily of mortgage loans, have longer maturities than our liabilities, consisting primarily
of deposits. As a result, a principal part of our business strategy is to manage interest rate risk and reduce the exposure of
our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, our Board of Directors has established an Asset and Liability
Management Committee which is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, for determining
the level of risk that is appropriate, given our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives,
and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. Senior management monitors the level
of interest rate risk on a regular basis and the Asset and Liability Committee meets at least on a quarterly basis to review our
asset/liability policies and interest rate risk position. 

We have sought to
manage our interest rate risk in order to minimize the exposure of our earnings and capital to changes in interest rates. As part
of our ongoing asset-liability management, we seek to manage our exposure to interest rate risk by retaining in our loan portfolio
fewer fixed rate residential loans, by originating and retaining adjustable-rate loans in the residential, construction and commercial
real estate loan portfolios, by using alternative funding sources, such as advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York
( FHLBNY ), to  match fund  longer-term residential and commercial mortgage loans, and by originating and
retaining variable rate home equity and short-term and medium-term fixed-rate commercial business loans. We have also increased
money market account deposits as a percentage of our total deposits. Money market accounts offer a variable rate based on market
indications. By following these strategies, we believe that we are well-positioned to react to changes in market interest rates. 

   Net Interest Income
Analysis.   The table below sets forth, as of September 30, 2016, the estimated changes in our Net Interest Income ( NII )
for each of the next two years that would result from the designated instantaneous changes in interest rates. These estimates require
making certain assumptions including loan and mortgage-related investment prepayment speeds, reinvestment rates, and deposit maturities
and decay rates. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, we cannot precisely predict the impact of changes
in interest rates on net interest income. Actual results may differ significantly due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest
rate changes and changes in market conditions. Further, certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodology used in the interest
rate risk measurement. Modeling changes in net interest income require making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the
manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. 

(1)   Assumes an instantaneous uniform change in interest rates at all maturities.      

44  

       Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the
ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit
inflows, loan repayments and maturities and sales of securities. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities
are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic
conditions and competition. Our Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity
targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs of our customers as
well as unanticipated contingencies. We seek to maintain a liquidity ratio of 5.0% of assets or greater. The liquidity ratio is
calculated by determining the sum of the difference between liquid assets (cash and unpledged investment securities) and short-term
liabilities (estimated 30-day deposit outflows), borrowing capacity from the FHLBNY, and brokered deposit capacity and dividing
the sum by total assets. At September 30, 2016, our liquidity ratio was 9.2% of assets. 

 We regularly adjust
our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of expected loan demand, expected deposit flows, yields available on
interest-earning deposits and securities, and the objectives of our asset/liability management program. Excess liquid assets are
invested generally in interest-earning deposits and short-and intermediate-term securities. 

 Our most liquid
assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing
activities during any given period. At September 30, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled $21.8 million. Securities classified
as available-for-sale, which provide additional sources of liquidity from sales, totaled $5.2 million at September 30, 2016.
At September 30, 2016, we also had the ability to borrow $95.1 million from the FHLBNY. On that date, we had an aggregate
of $36.0 million in advances outstanding. 

 Our cash flows are
derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in our consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows included in our consolidated Financial Statements. 

 At September 30,
2016, we had $12.0 million in loan origination commitments outstanding. In addition to commitments to originate loans, we had $45.9
million in unused lines of credit to borrowers. Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2017 totaled $56.5
million, or 11.5% of total deposits. If these deposits do not remain with us, we will be required to seek other sources of funds,
including other deposits and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher
rates on such deposits or other borrowings than we currently pay on the certificates of deposit (including individual retirement
accounts and brokered certificate deposit accounts) due on or before September 30, 2017. We believe, however, that based on past
experience a significant portion of our certificates of deposit (including individual retirement accounts and brokered certificate
deposit accounts) will remain with us. We have the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered. 

 Our primary investing
activities are the origination of loans and the purchase of securities. We originated $92.7 and $75.6 million of loans and
purchased $17.1 million and $9.7 million of investment securities for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

 Financing activities
consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts and FHBNY advances. We experienced a net increase in total deposits of $26.4
million for the year ended September 30, 2016 and a net increase in total deposits of $17.8 million for the year ended September
30, 2015. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and
our local competitors and other factors. 

 Liquidity management
is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally,
borrowing agreements exist with the FHLBNY, which provide an additional source of funds. FHLBNY advances totaled $36.0 million
and $31.6 million at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, respectively. FHLBNY advances have primarily been used to fund
loan demand. 

 Magyar Bank is subject
to various regulatory capital requirements, including a commitment to maintain capital at or above the well capitalized level (see
 Supervision and Regulation-Federal Banking Regulation-Capital Requirements ). As of September 30, 2016, Magyar Bank s
Tier 1 capital as a percentage of the Bank's average assets was 8.27% and the total qualifying capital as a percentage of risk-weighted
assets was 12.19%. 

 Bank-owned life insurance
is a tax-advantaged financing transaction that is used to offset employee benefit plan costs. Policies are purchased insuring directors
and officers of Magyar Bank using a single premium method of payment. Magyar Bank is the owner and beneficiary of the policies
and records tax-free income through cash surrender value accumulation. We have minimized our credit exposure by choosing carriers
that are highly rated and limiting the  

45  

       Table of Contents   

concentration of any one carrier. The investment in bank-owned life insurance has no significant
impact on our capital and liquidity. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
and Aggregate Contractual Obligations  

Commitments.  
As a financial services provider, we routinely are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risks, such
as commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent
our future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. Such commitments
are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans made by us. For additional information, see Note
P,  Commitments,  and Note Q  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance-Sheet Risk  to our Financial Statements. 

Contractual Obligations.  
In the ordinary course of our operations, we enter into certain contractual obligations. Such obligations include operating leases
for premises and equipment. 

The following table summarizes
our significant fixed and determinable contractual obligations and other funding needs by payment date at September 30, 2016. The
payment amounts represent those amounts due to the recipient and do not include any unamortized premiums or discounts or other
similar carrying amount adjustments. 

ITEM 7A.  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

Not
required for smaller reporting companies.   

46  

       Table of Contents   

ITEM 8.  
      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

Table
of Contents  

Consolidated Financial Statements: 

47   

      Table of Contents  

Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Magyar Bancorp, Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and subsidiary (the  Company ) as of September 30, 2016 and 2015,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders  equity and cash flows
for the years then ended.  The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.   An audit also includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September
30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Baker Tilly Virchow Krause,
LLP 

Clark, New Jersey 

 December 16, 2016 

48   

      Table of Contents  

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (In Thousands, Except
Share and Per Share Data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

49   

      Table of Contents  

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (In Thousands, Except
Per Share Data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

50   

      Table of Contents  

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 

 (In Thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

51   

      Table of Contents  

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

  For the Year Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

  (In Thousands,
Except for Share Amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

52   

      Table of Contents  

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 (In Thousands) 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

53   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

NOTE A -
ORGANIZATION 

On January 23,
2006, Magyar Bank (the  Bank ) completed a reorganization involving a series of transactions by which Bank s
corporate structure was changed from a mutual savings bank to the mutual holding company form of ownership. Magyar Bank became
a New Jersey-chartered stock savings bank subsidiary of Magyar Bancorp, Inc., a Delaware-chartered mid-tier stock holding company.
Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (the  Company ) owns 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Magyar Bank. Magyar Bancorp,
Inc. is a majority-owned subsidiary of Magyar Bancorp, MHC, a New Jersey-chartered mutual holding company. 

Magyar Bancorp,
MHC, owns 54.0%, or 3,200,450, of the issued shares of common stock of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. Of the remaining shares, 2,620,296,
or 44.2%, are held by public stockholders and 102,996, or 1.8%, are held by Magyar Bancorp, Inc. in treasury stock. So long as
Magyar Bancorp, MHC exists, it will be required to own a majority of the voting stock of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. Magyar Bancorp, Inc.
and Magyar Bancorp, MHC are subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System and the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance. 

The Bank is subject
to regulations issued by the New Jersey Department of Banking and Insurance and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the
 FDIC ). The Bank s administrative office is located in New Brunswick, New Jersey. The Bank has six branch offices
which are located in New Brunswick, North Brunswick, South Brunswick, Branchburg, Bridgewater, and Edison, New Jersey. The Bank s
savings deposits are insured by the FDIC through the Deposit Insurance Fund (DIF); also, the Bank is a member of the Federal Home
Loan Bank of New York. 

MagBank Investment
Company, a New Jersey investment corporation subsidiary of the Bank, was formed on August 15, 2006 for the purpose of buying,
selling and holding investment securities. 

Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC is a Delaware limited-liability corporation established
in 2002 as a qualified intermediary operating for the purpose of acquiring and developing the Bank s new main office. The
Bank owns a 100% interest in Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC, which has no other business other than owning the Bank s main
office site. 

Magyar Service
Corporation, a New Jersey corporation, is a wholly owned, non-bank subsidiary of the Bank. Magyar Service Corporation, which also
operates under the name Magyar Financial Services, receives commissions from annuity and life insurance sales referred to a licensed,
non-bank financial planner. 

The Bank competes
with other banking and financial institutions in its primary market areas. Commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations,
credit unions and money market funds actively compete for savings and time certificates of deposit and all types of loans. Such
institutions, as well as consumer financial and insurance companies, may be considered competitors of the Bank with respect to
one or more of the services it renders. 

The Bank is subject
to regulations of certain state and federal agencies and, accordingly, the Bank is periodically examined by such regulatory authorities.
As a consequence of the regulation of commercial banking activities, the Bank s business is particularly susceptible to future
state and federal legislation and regulations. 

NOTE B - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

1.  Basis of
Financial Statement Presentation  

The accounting
and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP)
and predominant practices within the banking industry. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries MagBank Investment Company, Magyar Service Corporation,
and Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in the consolidated financial
statements. 

54   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The Company has
evaluated subsequent events and transactions occurring subsequent to the consolidated balance sheet date of September 30, 2016,
for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. The evaluation was conducted
through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued. 

In preparing
financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

The principal
estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate to the allowance for loan losses and
the deferred tax asset. The evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses includes an analysis of the individual
loans and overall risk characteristics and size of the different loan portfolios, and takes into consideration current economic
and market conditions, the capability of specific borrowers to pay specific loan obligations, as well as current loan collateral
values. However, actual losses on specific loans, which also are encompassed in the analysis, may vary from estimated losses. 

The Company records
income taxes using the asset and liability method. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and liabilities: (i) are recognized for
the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or tax returns; (ii) are
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective
tax bases; and (iii) are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years when those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. 

Where applicable,
deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance for any portions determined not likely to be realized. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income tax expense in the period of enactment. The valuation
allowance is adjusted, by a charge or credit to income tax expense, as changes in facts and circumstances warrant. 

2.  Cash and
Cash Equivalents  

For purposes
of reporting cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, amounts due from banks, time deposits with original maturities
less than three months and overnight deposits. 

3.  Investment
Securities  

The Company classifies
its investment securities into one of three portfolios: held to maturity, available for sale or trading. Investments in debt securities
that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are classified as held to maturity securities and reported
at amortized cost. Debt and equity securities that are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near
term are classified as trading securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized holding gains and losses included in earnings.
Debt and equity securities not classified as either trading securities or as held to maturity securities are classified as available
for sale securities and reported at fair value, with unrealized holding gains or losses, net of deferred income taxes, reported
in the accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) component of stockholders  equity. 

If the fair value
of a security is less than its amortized cost, the security is deemed to be impaired. Management evaluates all securities with
unrealized losses quarterly to determine if such impairments are  temporary  or  other-than-temporary 
in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. The Company accounts for temporary impairments based upon security classification
as either available for sale, held to maturity or trading. Temporary impairments on  available for sale  securities
are recognized, on a tax-effected basis, through AOCI with offsetting entries adjusting the carrying value of the security and
the balance of deferred taxes. Conversely, the Company does not adjust the carrying value of  held to maturity  securities
for temporary impairments, although information concerning the amount and duration of impairments on held to maturity securities
is generally disclosed in periodic consolidated financial statements. The carrying value of securities held in a trading portfolio
is adjusted to their fair value through earnings on a daily basis. However, the Company maintained no securities in trading portfolios
at or during the periods presented in these consolidated financial statements. 

55   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The Company accounts
for other-than-temporary impairments based upon several considerations. First, other-than-temporary impairments on securities that
the Company has decided to sell as of the close of a fiscal period, or will, more likely than not, be required to sell prior to
the full recovery of the their fair value to a level equal to or exceeding their amortized cost, are recognized in operations.
If neither of these criteria apply, then the other-than-temporary impairment is separated into credit-related and noncredit-related
components. The credit-related impairment generally represents the amount by which the present value of the cash flows that are
expected to be collected on an other-than-temporarily impaired security fall below its amortized cost while the noncredit-related
component represents the remaining portion of the impairment not otherwise designated as credit-related. The Company recognizes
credit-related, other-than-temporary impairments in earnings, while noncredit-related, other-than-temporary impairments on debt
securities are recognized, net of deferred taxes, in AOCI. 

Federal law
requires a member institution of the Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) system to purchase and hold restricted stock of
its district FHLB according to a predetermined formula. This stock is restricted in that it may only be sold to the FHLB and all
sales must be at par. Accordingly, the FHLB restricted stock is carried at cost, less any applicable impairment charges. 

 Premiums and discounts
on all securities are amortized or accreted to maturity by use of the level-yield method considering the impact of principal amortization
and prepayments on mortgage-backed securities. Gain or loss on sales of securities is recognized on the specific identification
method. 

4.  Loans and
Allowance for Loan Losses  

Loans that management
has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are stated at the amount of unpaid principal,
adjusted for net deferred loan fees and costs, and reduced by an allowance for loan losses. Interest on loans is accrued and credited
to operations based upon the principal amounts outstanding. The allowance for loan losses is established through a provision for
possible loan losses charged to operations. Loans are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that
the collectability of the principal is unlikely. 

Income recognition
of interest is discontinued when, in the opinion of management, the collectability of such interest becomes doubtful. A loan is
generally classified as non-accrual when the scheduled payment(s) due on the loan is delinquent for more than three months. Loan
origination fees and certain direct origination costs are deferred and amortized over the life of the related loans as an adjustment
to the yield on loans receivable using the effective interest method. 

Management uses
a ten point internal risk rating system to monitor the credit quality of the overall loan portfolio. The first six categories are
considered not criticized, and are aggregated as  Pass  rated. The criticized rating categories utilized by management
generally follow bank regulatory definitions. The Special Mention category includes assets that are currently protected but are
potentially weak, resulting in an undue and unwarranted credit risk, but not to the point of justifying a Substandard classification. Loans
in the Substandard category have well-defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt, and have a distinct possibility
that some loss will be sustained if the weaknesses are not corrected. All loans greater than three months past due are considered
Substandard. Any portion of a loan that has been charged off is placed in the Loss category. 

To help ensure
that risk ratings are accurate and reflect the present and future capacity of borrowers to repay a loan as agreed, the Bank has
a structured loan rating process with several layers of internal and external oversight.  Generally, consumer and residential
mortgage loans are included in the Pass categories unless a specific action, such as severe delinquency, bankruptcy, repossession,
or death occurs to raise awareness of a possible credit event. The Bank s Commercial Loan Officers are responsible for
the timely and accurate risk rating of the loans in their portfolios at origination and on an ongoing basis. The Asset Review
Committee performs monthly reviews of all commercial relationships internally rated 6 ( Watch ) or worse.  Confirmation
of the appropriate risk grade is performed by an external loan review company that semi-annually reviews and assesses loans within
the portfolio.  Generally, the external consultant reviews commercial relationships greater than $500,000 and/or criticized
relationships greater than $250,000. Detailed reviews, including plans for resolution, are performed on loans classified as
Substandard on a monthly basis.  

56   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The allowance
for loan losses is maintained at an amount management deems adequate to cover estimated losses. In determining the level to be
maintained, management evaluates many factors, including current economic trends, industry experience, historical loss experience,
industry loan concentrations, the borrowers  ability to repay and repayment performance, and estimated collateral values.
In the opinion of management, the present allowance is adequate to absorb reasonable, foreseeable loan losses. While management
uses the best information available to make such evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary based on changes
in economic conditions or any of the other factors used in management s determination. In addition, various regulatory agencies,
as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review the Company s allowance for losses on loans. Such agencies
may require the Company to recognize additions to the allowance based on their judgments about information available to them at
the time of their examination. Charge-offs to the allowance are made when the loan is transferred to other real estate owned or
other determination of a confirmed loss. Recoveries on loans previously charged off are also recorded through the allowance. 

A loan is considered
impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts
due including principal and interest, according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. The Company measures impaired loans
based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate or as a practical
expedient, at the loan s current observable market price, or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent.
The amount by which the recorded investment of an impaired loan exceeds the measurement value is recognized by creating a valuation
allowance through a charge to the provision for loan losses. Impairment criteria generally do not apply to those smaller-balance
homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment which, for the Company, includes one- to four-family first mortgage
loans and consumer loans, other than those modified in a troubled debt restructuring. 

 The Company records
cash receipts on impaired loans that are non-performing as a reduction to principal before applying amounts to interest or late
charges unless specifically directed by the Bankruptcy Court to apply payments otherwise. The Company may continue to recognize
interest income on impaired loans where there is no confirmed loss. 

5.  Premises
and Equipment  

Premises and
equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, and include capitalized expenditures for new facilities, major betterments
and renewals. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method based upon the estimated useful lives of the related assets for financial reporting purposes and using the mandated methods
by asset type for income tax purposes. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method based upon the initial
term of the lease. 

The Company
accounts for the impairment of long-lived assets in accordance with US GAAP, which requires recognition and measurement for the
impairment of long-lived assets to be held and used or to be disposed of by sale. The Company had no impaired long-lived assets
at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

6.  Derivative
Contracts  

Derivative contracts
are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses excluded from earnings and reported in a separate component of stockholders 
equity, net of related income tax effects. Gains and losses on derivative contracts are recognized upon realization utilizing the
specific identification method. 

As required by
US GAAP, the Company recognizes all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets and measures
those instruments at fair value. The Company had no derivative contracts at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

7.  Other
Real Estate Owned  

Real estate
acquired through foreclosure, or a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, is recorded at fair value less estimated selling costs at the date
of acquisition or transfer, and subsequently at the lower of its net cost or fair value less estimated selling costs. Adjustments
to the carrying value at the date of acquisition or transfer are charged to the allowance for  

57   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

loan losses. The carrying value of
the individual properties is subsequently adjusted to the extent it exceeds estimated fair value less estimated selling costs,
at which time a provision for losses on such real estate is charged to operations. 

 Operating expenses
of holding real estate, net of related income, are charged against income as incurred. Gains on sales of real estate are recognized,
normally at closing, when down payment and certain other requirements are met; otherwise such gains are deferred and recognized
on the installment method of accounting. Losses on the disposition of real estate, including expenses incurred in connection with
the disposition, are charged to operations. 

 8.  Income
Taxes  

The Company
and its subsidiaries file consolidated federal and individual state income tax returns. Income taxes are allocated based on the
contribution of their respective income or loss to the consolidated income tax return. 

 The Company
records income taxes on the basis of reported income using the asset and liability method. Accordingly, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. To the extent that current available evidence about
the future raises doubt about the realization of a deferred tax asset, a valuation allowance is established. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

 The Company follows
the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740, which provides clarification
on accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s financial statements. The guidance prescribes
a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken
or expected to be taken in a tax return, and also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting
in interim periods, disclosure and  transition. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, no significant income
tax uncertainties have been included in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company s policy is to recognize
interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No interest
and penalties were recorded during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The tax years subject to examination by the
taxing authorities are the years ended September 30, 2011 and forward.  

9.  Advertising
Costs  

The Company expenses
advertising costs as incurred. 

10.  Earnings
Per Share  

Basic income per
share is calculated by dividing income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock
outstanding for the period. The weighted average common shares outstanding include shares held by the Magyar Bancorp, MHC and shares
allocated to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan. 

Diluted income
per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average common shares outstanding to reflect the potential dilution that could
occur using the treasury stock method if securities or other contracts to issue common stock, such as stock options and unvested
restricted stock, were exercised and converted into common stock. The resulting shares issued would share in the earnings of the
Company. Shares issued and shares reacquired during the period are weighted for the portion of the period that they were outstanding.
In periods of loss, dilution is not calculated and diluted loss per share is equal to basic loss per share. 

The following
table illustrates the reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) calculations.
All stock options were anti-dilutive at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

58   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

11.  Comprehensive
Income (Loss) and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  

Comprehensive
income (loss) includes net income as well as certain other items which result in a change to equity during the period. The other
items allocated to comprehensive income (loss), as well as the related income tax effects, for the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015 were as follows: 

(a) 
      Realized gains on securities transactions included in gains on sales of investment securities in the accompanying Consolidated
Statements of Operations  

(b) 
     Tax effect included in income tax expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations      

The components
of accumulated other comprehensive loss at September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows: 

59   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

12.   Bank-Owned Life Insurance     

The Company has
purchased Bank-Owned Life Insurance policies ( BOLI ). BOLI involves the purchasing of life insurance by the Company
on directors and executive officers. The proceeds are used to help defray the costs of non-qualified compensation plans. The Company
is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. BOLI is recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at its cash surrender value and
changes in the cash surrender value are recorded in other income in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

The Company acts
as an independent, community, financial services provider, and offers traditional banking and related financial services to individual,
business and government customers. The Company offers a full array of commercial and retail financial services, including the taking
of time, savings and demand deposits; the making of commercial, consumer and home equity loans; and the provision of other financial
services. 

Management does
not separately allocate expenses, including the cost of funding loan demand, between the commercial and retail operations of the
Company. As such, discrete financial information is not available and segment reporting would not be meaningful. 

14.   New Accounting Pronouncements    

In connection
with the preparation of quarterly and annual reports in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC )
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 11.M requires the disclosure of the impact that recently issued
accounting standards will have on financial statements when they are adopted in the future. 

In May 2014,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  ( Topic
606 ), which will supersede the current revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605,  Revenue Recognition . The ASU is
based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires additional
disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including
significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In August
2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. The new guidance will be effective
for public companies for periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The ASU permits application of the new revenue recognition
guidance to be applied using one of two retrospective application methods. The Company has not yet determined which application
method it will use or the potential effects of the new standard on the financial statements, if any. The Company is currently assessing
the impacts this new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In February
2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) , which will supersede the current lease requirements in Topic
840. The ASU requires lessees to recognize a right of use asset and related lease liability for all leases, with a limited exception
for short-term leases. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with the classification affecting the pattern
of expense recognition in the statement of income. Currently, leases are classified as either capital or operating, with only capital
leases recognized on the balance sheet. The reporting of lease related expenses in the statements of operations and cash flows
will be generally consistent with the current guidance. The new guidance will be effective for years beginning after December 15,
2018 for public companies. Once effective, the standard will be applied using a modified retrospective transition method to the
beginning of the earliest period presented. The Company is currently assessing the impacts this new standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In March 2016,
the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718) . This ASU was issued as part of FASB s
Simplification Initiative. The areas for simplification in this Update include income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows for  

60   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

share-based payment transactions. For public
companies, this ASU will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual
periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impacts this new standard will have on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In June 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-13,  Financial
Instruments - Credit Losses . ASU 2016-13 requires entities to report  expected  credit losses on financial
instruments and other commitments to extend credit rather than the current  incurred loss  model. These expected credit
losses for financial assets held at the reporting date are to be based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable
and supportable forecasts. This ASU will also require enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users
better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting
standards of an entity s portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional
information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. For public business entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission filers, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within
those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on its consolidated financial
statements and results of operations. 

NOTE C   STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

The Company follows
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) Section 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation, which covers a wide range
of share-based compensation arrangements including share options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation
rights, and employee share purchase plans. ASC 718 requires that compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions
be recognized in financial statements. The cost is measured based on the fair value of the equity or liability instruments issued. 

ASC 718 also requires
the Company to realize as a financing cash flow rather than an operating cash flow, as previously required, the benefits of realized
tax deductions in excess of previously recognized tax benefits on compensation expense. In accordance with SEC Staff Accounting
Bulletin ( SAB ) No. 107, the Company classified share-based compensation for employees and outside directors
within  compensation and employee benefits  in the Consolidated Statements of Operations to correspond with the same
line item as the cash compensation paid. 

Stock options
generally vest over a five-year service period and expire ten years from issuance. Management recognizes compensation expense for
all option grants over the awards  respective requisite service periods. The fair values of all option grants were estimated
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Since there was limited historical information on the volatility of the Company s
stock, management also considered the average volatilities of similar entities for an appropriate period in determining the assumed
volatility rate used in the estimation of fair value. Management estimated the expected life of the options using the simplified
method allowed under SAB No. 107. The 7-year Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant provided the risk-free rate for
periods within the contractual life of the option. Management recognizes compensation expense for the fair values of these awards,
which have graded vesting, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the awards. Once vested, these awards
are irrevocable. Shares will be obtained from either the open market or treasury stock upon share option exercise. 

Restricted shares
generally vest over a five-year service period on the anniversary of the grant date. Once vested, these awards are irrevocable.
The product of the number of shares granted and the grant date market price of the Company s common stock determine the fair
value of restricted shares under the Company s restricted stock plans. Management recognizes compensation expense for the
fair value of restricted shares on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. 

The following
is a summary of the status of the Company s stock option activity and related information for its option plan for the two-year
period ended September 30, 2016: 

61   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

No stock options
were granted or exercised during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following
is a summary of the status of the Company s non-vested restricted shares as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and changes during
those years: 

There were no
stock option expenses for the year ended September 30, 2016, and 2015. Stock award expenses included with compensation expense
were $3,000 and $12,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, respectively. The Company had no other stock-based compensation
plans as of September 30, 2016 except as disclosed below. 

On April 27,
2007 the Company announced its first stock repurchase program and authorized the repurchase of up to 5% of its publicly-held outstanding
shares of common stock, or approximately 130,927 shares. The Company completed its first stock repurchase program of 130,927 shares
in November 2007 and announced a second repurchase program of up to 5% of its publicly-held outstanding shares of common stock,
or 129,924 shares in November 2007. Pursuant to the second repurchase program, the Company had repurchased 81,000 shares of its
common stock at an average cost of $8.33 per share through September 30, 2016, leaving 48,924 shares available for repurchase. 

The Company has
an Employee Stock Ownership Plan ( ESOP ) for the benefit of employees who meet the eligibility requirements as defined
in the plan. The ESOP trust purchased 217,863 shares of common stock in the open market using proceeds of a loan from the Company.
The total cost of shares purchased by the ESOP trust was $2.3 million, reflecting an average cost per share of $10.58. The Bank
will make cash contributions to the ESOP on an annual basis sufficient to enable the ESOP to make the required loan payments to
the Company. The loan bears a variable interest rate that adjusts annually to Prime Rate (3.50% at January 1, 2016) with principal
and interest payable annually in equal installments over thirty years. The loan is secured by shares of the Company s stock. 

62   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

As the debt is
repaid, shares are released as collateral and allocated to qualified employees. Accordingly, the shares pledged as collateral are
reported as unearned ESOP shares in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company accounts for its ESOP in accordance with FASB
ASC Topic 718,  Employer s Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans . As shares are released from collateral,
the Company reports compensation expense equal to the current market price of the shares, and the shares become outstanding for
earnings per share computations. The Company's contribution expense for the ESOP was $122,000 and $111,000 for years ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The following table presents the components
of the ESOP shares as of September 30, 2016: 

The aggregate
fair value of the unreleased shares at September 30, 2016 was approximately $651,000. 

NOTE D -
INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

The amortized
cost, gross unrealized gains or losses and fair value of the Company s investment securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity
are as follows: 

63   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The contractual
maturities of mortgage-backed securities generally exceed 10 years; however, the effective lives are expected to be shorter
due to anticipated prepayments. The amortized cost and fair value of the Company s securities available-for-sale at September
30, 2016 are summarized in the following table: 

(1)   Available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities   residential include an amortized cost of
$5.1 million and a fair value of $5.1 million for obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises issued by Federal National
Mortgage Association and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. Also included are residential mortgage backed securities issued
by non-U.S. government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises with an amortized cost of $108,000 and fair value of $107,000.   

64   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The maturities
of the debt securities and the mortgage-backed securities held to maturity at September 30, 2016 are summarized in the following
table: 

(1)   Held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities   residential include an amortized cost of $4.4
million and a fair value of $4.5 million for obligations of U.S. government agencies issued by the Government National Mortgage
Association and obligations of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises issued by Federal National Mortgage Association and Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation which had an amortized cost of $40.0 million and a fair value of $41.1 million. Also included are
mortgage backed securities issued by non-U.S. government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises with an amortized cost of
$493,000 and a fair value of $487,000.   

(2)   Held-to-maturity mortgage-backed securities   commercial include an amortized cost of $1.0
million and a fair value of $1.0 million for obligations of U.S. government agencies issued by the Small Business Administration.   

There were sales
of $6.3 million and $5.4 million from the available-for-sale portfolios during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The gross gains on sales of the available-for-sale securities totaled $72,000 and $42,000 for the year ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

There were no
sales of securities from the held-to-maturity portfolios during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

As of September
30, 2016 and 2015, securities having an estimated fair value of approximately $27.8 million and $27.0 million, respectively, were
pledged to secure public deposits. 

Details of securities
with unrealized losses at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

65   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The investment
securities listed above currently have fair values less than amortized cost and therefore contain unrealized losses. The Company
evaluated these securities and determined that the decline in value was primarily related to fluctuations in the interest rate
environment and were not related to any company or industry specific event. 

The Company anticipates
full recovery of amortized costs with respect to these securities. The Company does not intend to sell these securities and has
determined that it is not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell these securities prior to maturity or
market price recovery. Management has considered factors regarding other than temporarily impaired securities and determined that
there are no securities with impairment that is other than temporary as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

NOTE E - LOANS
RECEIVABLE, NET 

Loans receivable
are comprised of the following: 

Certain directors
and executive officers of the Company have loans with the Bank. Such loans were made in the ordinary course of business at the
Bank s normal credit terms, including interest rate and collateralization, and do not represent more than a normal risk of
collection. Total loans receivable from directors and executive officers, and affiliates thereof, were approximately $4.5 million
and $4.6 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total principal additions were approximately $290,000 and $1.9 million
at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Total principal repayments were approximately $463,000 and $1.3 million for the year
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

At September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company was servicing loans for others amounting to approximately $40.3 million and $32.8 million, respectively.
The Company held mortgage servicing rights in the amount of $97,000 and $132,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Servicing loans for others generally consists of collecting  

66   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

mortgage payments, maintaining escrow accounts, disbursing payments
to investors, and foreclosure processing. Loan servicing income is recorded on the cash basis and includes servicing fees from
investors and certain charges collected from borrowers, such as late payment fees. In connection with loans serviced for others,
the Company held borrowers  escrow balances of approximately $114,000 and $130,000 at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The segments
of the Bank s loan portfolio are disaggregated to a level that allows management to monitor risk and performance. The
residential mortgage loan segment is further disaggregated into two classes: amortizing term loans, which are primarily first liens,
and home equity lines of credit, which are generally second liens.  The commercial loan segment is further disaggregated
into three classes. Commercial real estate loans include loans secured by multifamily structures, owner-occupied commercial structures,
and non-owner occupied nonresidential properties.  The construction loan segment consists primarily of developers or
investors for the purpose of acquiring, developing and constructing residential or commercial structures and to a lesser extent
one-to-four family residential construction loans made to individuals for the acquisition of and/or construction on a lot or lots
on which a residential dwelling is to be built.  Construction loans to developers and investors have a higher risk profile
because the ultimate buyer, once development is completed, is generally not known at the time of the loan.  The commercial
business loan segment consists of loans made for the purpose of financing the activities of commercial customers and consists primarily
of revolving lines of credit. The consumer loan segment consists primarily of stock-secured installment loans, but also includes
unsecured personal loans and overdraft lines of credit connected with customer deposit accounts. 

Management evaluates
individual loans in all segments for possible impairment if the loan either is in nonaccrual status, or is risk rated Substandard
and is greater than 90 days past due.  Loans are considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events,
it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to
the contractual terms of the loan agreement.  Factors considered by management in evaluating impairment include payment
status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due.  Management
determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of
the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s
prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.   

Once the determination
has been made that a loan is impaired, the recorded investment in the loan is compared to the fair value of the loan using one
of three methods: (a) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate;
(b) the loan s current observable market price; or (c) the fair value of the collateral securing the loan, less anticipated
selling and disposition costs. The method is selected on a loan-by loan basis, with management primarily utilizing the fair
value of collateral method. If there is a shortfall between the fair value of the loan and the recorded investment in the
loan, the Company charges the difference to the allowance for loan loss as a charge-off and carries the impaired loan on its books
at fair value. It is the Company s policy to evaluate impaired loans on an annual basis to ensure the recorded investment
in a loan does not exceed its fair value. 

The following
tables present impaired loans by class, segregated by those for which a specific allowance was required and those for which a specific
allowance was not necessary for the periods presented: 

67   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The average recorded
investment in impaired loans was $10.0 million and $14.8 million for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
During the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, no interest income was recognized while the loans were impaired, and no interest
income was recognized using the cash basis method of accounting while these loans were impaired. 

The following
tables present the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aggregate Pass and the criticized categories of Special Mention,
Substandard and Doubtful within the Bank s internal risk rating system for the periods presented: 

68   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Management further
monitors the performance and credit quality of the loan portfolio by analyzing the age of the portfolio as determined by the length
of time a recorded payment is past due. The following tables present the classes of the loan portfolio summarized by the aging
categories of performing loans and nonaccrual loans for the periods presented: 

The amount of
interest income not recognized on non-accrual loans was approximately $217,000 and $356,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. At September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, there were no commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers
whose loans are classified as non-accrual. 

An allowance
for loan losses ( ALL ) is maintained to absorb losses from the loan portfolio.  The ALL is based on management s
continuing evaluation of the risk characteristics and credit quality of the loan portfolio, assessment of current economic conditions,
diversification and size of the portfolio, adequacy of collateral, past and anticipated loss experience, and the amount of NPLs. 

The Bank s
methodology for determining the ALL is based on the requirements of ASC Section 310-10-35 for loans individually evaluated for
impairment (discussed above) and ASC Subtopic 450-20 for loans collectively evaluated for impairment, as well as the Interagency
Policy Statements on the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and other bank regulatory guidance.   

Loans that are
collectively evaluated for impairment are analyzed with general allowances being made as appropriate. For general allowances,
historical loss trends are used in the estimation of losses in the current portfolio. These historical loss amounts are modified
by other qualitative and economic factors. 

The loans are
segmented into classes based on their inherent varying degrees of risk, as described above. Management tracks the historical
net charge-off activity by segment and utilizes this figure, as a percentage of the segment, as the general reserve percentage
for pooled, homogenous loans that have not been deemed impaired. Typically, an average of losses incurred over 5 historical years
is used. 

69   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Non-impaired
credits are segregated for the application of qualitative factors. Management has identified a number of additional qualitative
factors which it uses to supplement the historical charge-off factor because these factors are likely to cause estimated credit
losses associated with the existing loan pools to differ from historical loss experience. The additional factors that are
evaluated quarterly and updated using information obtained from internal, regulatory, and governmental sources are: national and
local economic trends and conditions; levels of and trends in delinquency rates and non-accrual loans; trends in volumes and terms
of loans; effects of changes in lending policies; experience, ability, and depth of lending staff; value of underlying collateral;
and concentrations of credit from a loan type, industry and/or geographic standpoint. 

Management reviews
the loan portfolio on a quarterly basis using a defined, consistently applied process in order to make appropriate and timely adjustments
to the ALL.  When information confirms all or part of specific loans to be uncollectible, these amounts are promptly
charged off against the ALL. Since loans individually evaluated for impairment are promptly written down to their fair value, typically
there is no portion of the ALL for loans individually evaluated for impairment. 

The following
tables summarize the activity in the allowance for loan losses by loan category for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

70   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The following
tables summarize the ALL by loan category, segregated into the amount required for loans individually evaluated for impairment
and the amount required for loans collectively evaluated for impairment as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015: 

The allowance
for loan losses is based on estimates, and actual losses will vary from current estimates. Management believes that the segmentation
of the loan portfolio into homogeneous pools and the related historical loss ratios and other qualitative factors, as well as the
consistency in the application of assumptions, result in an ALL that is representative of the risk found in the components of the
portfolio at any given date. 

The
Bank has adopted FASB issue ASU No. 2011-02 on the determination of whether a loan restructuring is considered to be a Troubled
Debt Restructuring ( TDR ). A TDR is a loan  that has been modified whereby the
Bank has agreed to make certain concessions to a borrower to meet the needs of both the borrower and the Bank to maximize the ultimate
recovery of a loan. TDR occurs when a borrower is experiencing, or is expected to experience, financial difficulties and the loan
is modified using a modification that would otherwise not be granted to the borrower. The types of concessions granted generally
included, but are not limited to interest rate reductions, limitations on the accrued interest charged, term extensions, and deferment
of principal.  

71   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

There
were no TDRs during the year ended September  30 , 2016. The following tables summarize
the TDRs during the twelve month periods ended  September 30 , 2016 and 2015:  

Year Ended September 30, 2015     

Number of       
     Investment Before       
     Investment After     

Loans       
     TDR Modification       
     TDR Modification     

(Dollars in thousands)     

One-to four-family residential    
                
     $          
     $        

Total    
                
     $          
     $        

A default on
a TDR loan for purposes of this disclosure occurs when a borrower is 90 days past due or a foreclosure or repossession of the applicable
collateral has occurred. During the year ended September 30, 2016, no defaults occurred on troubled debt restructured loans that
were modified as a TDR loans. 

The Company held
interest-only mortgage loans with principal balances of $8.6 million and $12.6 million at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
The average interest-only term on these loans is 10 years at which time these loans reset to fully amortize over 20 years, on average.
As these loans are collateralized by residential real estate with an average original loan-to-value of 69.4%, management does not
anticipate any losses on these loans as of September 30, 2016. 

Total loans pledged
as collateral against Federal Home Loan Bank of New York borrowings was $109.4 million and $93.9 million as of September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

NOTE F -
ACCRUED INTEREST RECEIVABLE 

The following
is a summary of accrued interest receivable: 

NOTE G -
PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

Premises and
equipment consist of the following: 

72   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

For the years
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, depreciation expense included in occupancy expense amounted to approximately $778,000 and $845,000,
respectively. 

Hungaria Urban
Renewal, LLC was formed in 2002 and its sole purpose was to purchase the land and construct the office building for which the Company
is the primary tenant. The Bank owns a 100% interest in Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC, which has no other business other than owning
the Bank s main office site. At September 30, 2016, Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC accounted for approximately $3.1 million,
$10.0 million and $0 of land, building, furniture, fixtures and equipment, net of depreciation, respectively. At September 30,
2015, Hungaria Urban Renewal, LLC accounted for approximately $3.1 million, $10.3 million, and $0 of land, building, and furniture,
fixtures and equipment, net of depreciation, respectively. 

NOTE H - OTHER REAL ESTATE
OWNED 

The Company held
$12.1 million of real estate owned properties at September 30, 2016 and $16.2 million at September 30, 2015. The Company incurred
write-downs totaling $301,000 and $66,000 on these properties for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; these amounts were
carried as valuation allowances at September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Further declines in real estate values may result
in increased foreclosed real estate expense in the future. Routine holding costs are charged to expense as incurred and improvements
to real estate owned that enhance the value of the real estate are capitalized. 

NOTE I -
DEPOSITS 

A summary of
deposits by type of account follows: 

The current FDIC
insurance limit on bank deposit accounts is $250,000. The aggregate amount of deposit accounts with a minimum denomination of $250,000
was approximately $223.1 million at September 30, 2016. The aggregate amount of certificate deposits, including individual retirement
accounts with balance of $250,000 or more was $30.1 million at September 30, 2016. 

73   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

At September
30, 2016, certificates of deposit (including retirement accounts and brokered certificate deposit accounts) have contractual maturities
as follows (in thousands): 

NOTE J -
BORROWINGS 

1.  Federal
Home Loan Bank of New York Advances   

Long term Federal
Home Loan Bank of New York ( FHLBNY ) advances at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 totaled approximately $36.0
million and $31.6 million, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on advances outstanding at September 30, 2016 and 2015
were 2.12% and 2.38%, respectively. The advances were collateralized by unencumbered qualified assets consisting of one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans and investment securities. Advances are made pursuant to several different credit programs offered
from time to time by the FHLBNY. 

Long term FHLBNY
advances as of September 30, 2016 mature as follows (in thousands): 

Additionally,
the Company has established an Overnight Line of Credit arrangement with the FHLBNY. The total amount available under the line
of credit is based on the amount of eligible collateral pledged to the FHLBNY. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had
available credit from the FHLBNY totaling $49.1 million and $39.8 million, respectively. Information concerning short-term borrowings
with the FHLBNY is summarized as follows: 

2.  Securities
Sold Under Reverse Repurchase Agreements  

Qualifying repurchase
agreements are treated as financings and are reflected as a liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company did not
have repurchase agreements outstanding at September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

74   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

NOTE K   SERVICING
POLICY 

The Company originates
and sells loans receivable secured by one-to four-family residential properties and commercial business loans guaranteed by the
Small Business Administration (the  SBA ). The Company has sold loans on a servicing retained basis and on a servicing
released basis. Loans sold with servicing retained and servicing released during the year ended September 30, 2016 were $9.2
million and $0, respectively. Loans sold with servicing retained and servicing released during the year ended September 30, 2015
were $9.7 million and $0, respectively. The Company accounts for sales in accordance with ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing. Upon
sale, the receivables are removed from the balance sheet, mortgage servicing rights are recorded as an asset for servicing rights
retained, and a gain on sale, if applicable, is recognized for the difference between the carrying value of the receivables and
the sales proceeds, net of origination costs.  

Gains on sales
of loans, representing the difference between the total sales price received for the loans and the allocated cost of the loans,
are recognized when mortgage loans are sold and delivered to the purchasers. Loans are accounted for as sold when control of the
mortgage is surrendered. Control over the mortgage loans is deemed surrendered when (1) the mortgage loans have been isolated
from the Company, (2) the buyer has the right (free of conditions that constrain it from taking advantage of that right) to pledge
or exchange the mortgage loans and (3) the Company does not maintain effective control over the mortgage loans through either (a)
an agreement that entitles and obligates the Company to repurchase or redeem the mortgage loans before maturity, or (b) the ability
to unilaterally cause the buyer to return specific mortgage loans. 

The Company services
one-to-four family residential mortgage loans for investors in the secondary mortgage market, which are not included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. The Company s fee is a percentage of the principal balance and is recognized as income when received. At
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company was servicing such sold loans in the amount of $11.8 million and $13.8 million, respectively.
Loan servicing includes collecting and remitting loan payments, accounting for principal and interest, contacting delinquent mortgagors,
supervising foreclosures and property dispositions in the event of unremedied defaults, making certain insurance and tax payments
on behalf of the borrowers and generally administering the loans. Mortgage servicing rights are amortized in proportion to, and
over the period of, estimated net servicing revenues and are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Activity
in mortgage servicing rights during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows: 

Mortgage servicing
rights are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. Fair values are estimated using discounted cash flows based on
a current market interest rate. 

The Company also
services the SBA guaranteed portion of commercial business loans sold to investors in the secondary market, which are not included
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The Company s fee is a percentage of the principal balance and is recognized as
income when received. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company was servicing SBA loans sold in the amount of $20.3 million
and $14.6 million, respectively. Loan servicing includes collecting and remitting loan payments, accounting for principal and interest,
contacting delinquent mortgagors, supervising foreclosures and property dispositions in the event of unremedied defaults, making
certain insurance and tax payments on behalf of the borrowers and generally administering the loans. 

75   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

NOTE L - INCOME TAXES 

The income tax
expense is comprised of the following components for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

A reconciliation
of income tax at the statutory tax rate to the effective income tax expense for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is
as follows: 

The major sources
of temporary differences and their deferred tax effect at September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

76   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

In assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the periods in which temporary differences are deductible and carry forwards are available. Due to the uncertainty
of the Company's ability to realize the benefit of certain deferred tax assets within statutory time limits, the net deferred tax
assets are partially offset by a valuation allowance at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The net change
in the valuation allowance for the year ended September 30, 2016 was a increase of approximately $63,000. This change was based
upon management s assessment of current and projected future operations. The Company has considered future market growth,
forecasted earnings, future taxable income, feasible and permissible tax planning strategies in determining the realizability of
deferred tax assets. If the Company was to determine that it would not be able to realize a portion of its net deferred tax asset
in the future for which there is currently no valuation allowance, an adjustment to the net deferred tax asset would be charged
to earnings in the period such determination was made. Conversely, if the Company was to make a determination that it is more likely
than not that the deferred tax assets for which there is a valuation allowance would be realized, the related valuation allowance
would be reduced and a benefit to earnings would be recorded. 

At September 30,
2016 the Company had approximately $4.0 million of federal and $5.4 million of state net operating losses carry forward available
to offset future taxable income for tax reporting purposes. The federal and state net operating loss carry forward will begin to
expire in 2029. At September 30, 2016, there was no valuation allowance against the Federal and State net operating loss carry
forwards. In determining whether or not a valuation allowance was necessary for its federal and state net operating losses, the
Company considered forecasted earnings, future taxable income, and tax planning strategies limited to the twelve months following
September 30, 2016. 

Prior to 1996,
savings banks that met certain definitions, tests and other conditions prescribed by the Internal Revenue Code were allowed to
deduct, with limitations, a bad debt deduction computed as a percentage of taxable income before such deduction. Currently, the
Company employs the direct charge-off method to account for bad debt. The company was required to switch from the reserve method
because it now qualifies as a Large Bank as defined under Code Section 585, and is precluded from further using the reserve method. 

The Company is
not required to provide a deferred tax liability for its tax loss reserve as of December 31, 1987 (the Base Year). The amount of
this reserve on which no deferred taxes have been provided is approximately $1,258,000. This reserve could be recognized as taxable
income and create a current and/or deferred tax liability using the income tax rates then in effect if one of the following occur:
(1) the Company s retained earnings represented by this reserve is used for purposes other than to absorb losses from bad
debts, including dividends or distributions in liquidation, (2) the Company fails to meet the definitions, tests, or other conditions
provided by the Internal Revenue Code for a qualified savings and loan association, or (3) there is a change in the Federal tax
law. Deferred tax liabilities have been recorded for tax loss reserves in excess of book reserves recorded after the Base Year. 

NOTE M -
PENSION PLAN 

On January 26,
2006, the Company s defined-benefit pension plan was frozen and amended to eliminate future benefit accruals after February
15, 2006. 

The Company had
a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the  Plan ) covers all eligible employees. Plan assets are invested
in six diversified investment funds of the Pentegra Retirement Trust (the  Trust ), a no load series open-ended mutual
fund. The Trust has been given discretion by the Plan Sponsor to determine the appropriate strategic asset allocation versus plan
liabilities, as governed by the Trust s Statement of Investment Objectives and Guidelines (the Guidelines). 

The long-term
investment objective is to be invested 65% in equity securities (equity mutual funds) and 35% in debt securities (bond mutual funds).
If the Plan is underfunded under the Guidelines, the bond fund portion will be temporarily increased to 50% in order to lessen
asset value volatility. When the Plan is no longer underfunded, the bond  

77   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

fund portion will be decreased back to 35%. Asset rebalancing
is performed at least annually, with interim adjustments made when the investment mix varies more than 5% from the target (i.e.,
a 10% target range). Risk/volatility is further managed by the distinct investment objectives of each of the Trust funds and the
diversification within each fund. 

The following
table sets forth the Plan s funded status and amounts recognized in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets at September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Net pension cost
for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 included the following components: 

For the year
ended September 30, 2016, the weighted average discount rate used in determining the actuarial present value of the projected benefit
obligation was 3.75%. For the year ended September 30, 2015, the weighted average discount rate used in determining the actuarial
present value of the projected benefit obligation was 4.50%. 

The long-term
rate-of-return-on-assets assumption was set based on historical returns earned by equities and fixed income securities, adjusted
to reflect expectations of future returns as applied to the plan s target allocation of asset classes. Equities and fixed
income securities were assumed to earn rates of return in the ranges of 6-8% and 3-5% for the year ended September 30, 2016, respectively.
When these overall return expectations are applied to the plan s target allocation, the result is an expected rate of return
of 5.0% to 7.0%. Accordingly, the expected long-term rate of return on assets was 7.00% for 2016 and 2015. 

78   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Current
Asset Allocation  

The Plan s
weighted-average asset allocations at September 30, 2016 and 2015, by asset category are as follows: 

The target asset
allocation set for the assets of the Plan are in equity securities ranging from 40 percent to 70 percent and in debt securities
ranging from 30 percent to 60 percent. In general, the Plan assets are investment securities that are well-diversified in terms
of industry, capitalization and asset class. The Plan assets are mostly a mix of U.S. Treasury security indexed funds, mutual funds
indexed to the performance of Fortune 500 U.S. companies, debt securities held in bond funds, domestic and foreign common equity
funds, and a money market fund. The Plan s exposure to a concentration of credit risk is limited by the diversification of
the investments into various investment options with multiple asset managers. 

Expected
Contributions  

For the fiscal
year ending September 30, 2017, the Company expects to contribute $78,000 to the Plan. 

Estimated
Future Benefit Payments  

The following
benefit payments are expected to be paid as follows (in thousands): 

Included in the
funded status of the Plan at September 30, 2016 and 2015, are actuarial losses of $1,984,000 and $1,742,000, respectively. These
amounts are included, net of related income tax effects of $793,000 and $696,000, respectively, in the accumulated other comprehensive
loss component of stockholders  equity. During the year ending September 30, 2017, approximately $166,000 of the actuarial
losses is expected to be amortized into net periodic pension expense. 

The following
table presents the Plan assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy under
ASC Topic 820. Financial assets are classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. See Note R for further detail regarding fair value hierarchy. 

79   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Equity and
debt securities are reported at fair value in the table above utilizing exchange quoted prices in active markets for identical
instruments (Level 1 inputs). 

NOTE N -
NONQUALIFIED COMPENSATION PLAN 

The Company maintains
a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan ( SERP ) for the benefit of its senior officers. In addition, the Company
also adopted voluntary Deferred Income and Emeritus Plans on behalf of its directors and those directors elected by the Board as
 Director Emeritus.  The SERP provides the Company with the opportunity to supplement the retirement income of selected
officers to achieve equitable wage replacement at retirement while the Deferred Income Plan provides participating directors with
an opportunity to defer all or a portion of their fees into a tax deferred accumulation account for future retirement. The Director
Emeritus Plan enables the Company to reward its directors for longevity of service in consideration of their availability and consultation.
The SERP is based upon achieving retirement benefits equal to two percent multiplied by the number of service years multiplied
by the final salary. 

80   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

In 2001, the
Company adopted a New Director Emeritus Plan (the  New Plan ), which supplemented the prior Director Emeritus Plans.
Under the New Plan, the directors will be entitled to a benefit upon attainment of his/her benefit age. The directors will receive
an annual amount in monthly installments based on his/her total Board and Committee fees in the twelve months prior to attainment
of his/her benefit age. The amount will be ten percent (10%) plus two and one-half percent (2 1/2%) for each year of service as
a Director, with a minimum of fifty percent (50%), provided the Director has served for at least five (5) years, and a maximum
of sixty percent (60%). The maximum benefit increases for any Director serving as Chairman of the Board to seventy-five percent
(75%). 

The Company funds
the plans through a modified endowment contract. Income recorded for the plans represents life insurance income as recorded based
on the projected increases in cash surrender values of life insurance policies. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Life Insurance
Contracts had cash surrender values of approximately $11,257,000 and $10,962,000, respectively. 

The Company is
recording benefit costs so that the cost of each participant s retirement benefits is being expensed and accrued over the
participant s active employment so as to result in a liability at retirement date equal to the present value of the benefits
expected to be provided. 

NOTE O -
401(K) EMPLOYEE CONTRIBUTION PLAN 

The Company has
a defined contribution 401(k) plan covering all employees, as defined under the plan document. Employees may contribute to the
plan, as defined under the plan document, and the Company can make discretionary contributions. The Company contributed $108,000
and $93,000 to the plan for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and is included in compensation and employee
benefits in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE P -
COMMITMENTS 

1. Lease Commitments 

Approximate
future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases are due as follows for the years indicated (in thousands): 

Total rental
expense, included in occupancy expense, was approximately $764,000 and $754,000 for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. 

2. Contingencies 

The Company and
its subsidiaries, from time to time, are a party to routine litigation that arises in the normal course of business. In the opinion
of management, the resolution of this litigation, if any, would not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated
financial position or results of operations. 

81   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

NOTE Q -
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS WITH OFF-BALANCE-SHEET RISK 

The Company may
use derivative financial instruments, such as interest rate floors and collars, as part of its interest rate risk management. Interest
rate caps and floors are agreements whereby one party agrees to pay or receive a floating rate of interest on a notional principal
amount for a predetermined period of time if certain market interest rate thresholds are met. The Company considers the credit
risk inherent in these contracts to be negligible. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not hold any interest rate
floors or collars. 

The Company is
a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
customers. These financial instruments are commitments to extend credit. Those instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements
of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Company s
exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other parties to the financial instrument for commitments to extend
credits is represented by the contractual notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making
commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. 

At September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had outstanding commitments (substantially all of which expire within one year) to originate one-to
four-family residential loans, construction loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial business loans and consumer loans.
These commitments were comprised of fixed and variable rate loans. 

NOTE R -
FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES 

The Company uses
fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures.
The Company s securities available-for-sale are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time,
the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets or liabilities on a non-recurring basis, such as held-to-maturity
securities, mortgage servicing rights, loans receivable and other real estate owned, or OREO. These non-recurring fair value adjustments
involve the application of lower-of-cost-or-market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

In accordance
with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ), the Company groups its assets and liabilities at
fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets are traded and the reliability of the assumptions used to
determine fair value. These levels are: 

Level 1-   
     Valuation is based upon quoted prices for identical instruments traded in active markets.  

Level 2-   
     Valuation is based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market.  

82   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Level 3-   
     Valuation is generated from model-based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market. These unobservable assumptions reflect our own estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques include the use of option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques. The results cannot be determined with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability.  

The Company bases
its fair values on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 requires the Company to maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 

The following
is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Securities available-for-sale  

 The Company s
available-for-sale portfolio is carried at estimated fair value on a recurring basis, with any unrealized gains and losses, net
of taxes, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income/loss in stockholders  equity. The securities available-for-sale
portfolio consists of U.S. government and government-sponsored enterprise obligations, municipal bonds, and mortgage-backed securities.
The fair values of these securities are obtained from an independent nationally recognized pricing service. An independent pricing
service provides prices which are categorized as Level 2, as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are generally
not available for the securities. 

Derivative financial
instruments  

 The Company uses
interest rate floors to manage its interest rate risk. The valuation of these instruments is based on a third party value of interest
rate derivative contracts which are based on the fair market value using market prices provided from brokers trading in such instruments,
less their carrying value. The carrying value is the price paid for the derivative contracts less prior amortization of the price
paid. There are no derivative financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The following
table provides the level of valuation assumptions used to determine the carrying value of the Company s assets measured at
fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

The following
is a description of valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 

83   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Mortgage Servicing
Rights  

 Mortgage Servicing
Rights (MSR s) are carried at the lower of amortized cost or estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of MSRs is determined
through a calculation of future cash flows, incorporating estimates of assumptions market participants would use in determining
fair value including market discount rates, prepayment speeds, servicing income, servicing costs, default rates and other market
driven data, including the market s perception of future interest rate movements and, as such, are classified as Level 3.
No valuation write-downs were made to MSR s during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Impaired Loans  

 Loans which meet
certain criteria are evaluated individually for impairment. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it
is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.
All amounts due according to the contractual terms means that both the contractual interest and principal payments of a loan will
be collected as scheduled in the loan agreement. Three impairment measurement methods are used, depending upon the collateral securing
the asset: 1) the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate (the rate
of return implicit in the loan); 2) the asset s observable market price; or 3) the fair value of the collateral if the asset
is collateral dependent. The regulatory agencies require this method for loans from which repayment is expected to be provided
solely by the underlying collateral. The Company s impaired loans are generally collateral dependent and, as such, are carried
at the estimated fair value of the collateral less estimated selling and disposition costs. Fair value is estimated through current
appraisals, and adjusted as necessary, by management, to reflect current market conditions and, as such, are generally classified
as Level 3. 

Appraisals of
collateral securing impaired loans are conducted by approved, qualified, and independent third-party appraisers. Such appraisals
are ordered via the Bank s credit administration department, independent from the lender who originated the loan, once the
loan is deemed impaired, as described in the previous paragraph. Impaired loans are generally re-evaluated with an updated appraisal
within one year of the last appraisal. However, the Company also obtains updated appraisals on performing construction loans that
are approaching their maturity date to determine whether or not the fair value of the collateral securing the loan remains sufficient
to cover the loan amount prior to considering an extension. The Company discounts the appraised  as is  value of the
collateral for estimated selling and disposition costs and compares the resulting fair value of collateral to the outstanding loan
amount. If the outstanding loan amount is greater than the discounted fair value, the Company requires a reduction in the outstanding
loan balance or additional collateral before considering an extension to the loan. If the borrower is unwilling or unable to reduce
the loan balance or increase the collateral securing the loan, it is deemed impaired and the difference between the loan amount
and the fair value of collateral, net of estimated selling and disposition costs, is charged off through a reduction of the allowance
for loan loss. 

Other Real Estate Owned  

 Other real estate
owned is carried at lower of cost or estimated fair value less disposal costs. The estimated fair value of the real estate is determined
through current appraisals, and adjusted as necessary, by management, to reflect current market conditions. As such, other real
estate owned is generally classified as Level 3. Valuation write-downs totaling $301,000 were made to six properties held as other
real estate owned during the year ended September 30, 2016. The properties were written down based on an updated appraisal of the
real estate. 

The following
tables provide the level of valuation assumptions used to determine the carrying value of our assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

84   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Impaired loans
reported for the period ended September 30, 2016 consisted of seven loans with aggregate loan balances of $3.1 million reduced
by $848,000 in cumulative charge-offs and $39,000 in specific loss reserves. 

The following
table presents additional quantitative information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and for which Company
has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value: 

(1)  Fair value is generally determined through independent appraisals for the underlying collateral,
which generally include various level 3 inputs which are not identifiable.   

(2)  Appraisals may be adjusted by management for qualitative factors such as economic conditions and
estimated liquidation expenses. The range and weighted average of liquidation expenses and other appraisal adjustments are presented
as a percent of the appraisal.   

The following
methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable
to estimate fair value: 

Cash and interest
earning deposits with banks: The carrying amounts are a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Held to maturity
securities: The fair values of Company s held to maturity securities are obtained from an independent nationally recognized
pricing service. The Company s independent pricing service provides prices which are categorized as Level 2, as quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets are generally not available for the securities. 

Loans receivable:
Fair value for the loan portfolio, excluding impaired loans, is estimated based on discounted cash flow analysis using interest
rates currently offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality. 

85   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

Bank owned life
insurance: The carrying amounts are based on the cash surrender values of the individual policies, which is a reasonable estimate
of fair value. 

Deposits: The
fair value of savings deposits with no stated maturity, such as money market deposit accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts
and savings accounts, is equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of certificates of deposit including retirement
accounts is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is equivalent to the rate currently offered
by the Bank for deposits of similar size, type and maturity. 

Accrued interest
receivable and payable: For these short-term instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 

Federal Home Loan
Bank of New York advances: The fair value of borrowings is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount
rate is equivalent to the rate currently offered by the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York for borrowings of similar maturity and
terms. 

Interest rate
derivatives: The third party value of interest rate derivative contracts are based on the fair market value using market prices
provided from brokers trading in such instruments, less their carrying value. The carrying value is the price paid for the derivative
contracts less prior amortization of the price paid. 

The fair value
of commitments to extend credit is estimated based on the amount of unamortized deferred loan commitment fees. The fair value of
letters of credit is based on the amount of unearned fees plus the estimated cost to terminate the letters of credit. Fair values
of unrecognized financial instruments including commitments to extend credit and the fair value of letters of credit are considered
immaterial. 

The following
presents the carrying amount, fair value, and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial instruments
carried at cost or amortized cost as of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. This table excludes financial instruments
for which the carrying amount approximates fair value. For short-term financial assets such as cash and cash equivalents,
the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to the relatively short time between the origination of the instrument
and its expected realization. For financial liabilities such as interest-bearing demand, NOW, and money market savings deposits,
the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value due to these products having no stated maturity. 

NOTE S -
REGULATORY CAPITAL 

86   

      Table of Contents         MAGYAR BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The Company and
Bank are required to maintain minimum amounts of capital to total  risk-weighted  assets, as defined by the banking
regulators. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by regulators
that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines
and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve
quantitative measures of the Company s and Bank s assets, liabilities, and certain off balance sheet items as calculated
under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the
regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

Quantitative
measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and Bank to maintain minimum ratios of Leverage
Capital, Tier I and Total Risk-based Capital. The following table sets forth the Company s and the Bank s actual and
required capital levels under those measures: 

The Bank has committed to the FDIC to maintain capital at or above the well capitalized level. 

87   

      Table of Contents           

ITEM 9.  
      Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

None. 

ITEM 9A.  
      Controls and Procedures   

Disclosure Controls
and Procedures  

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting  

There has been no change
in Magyar Bancorp, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting during Magyar Bancorp, Inc.'s fourth quarter of fiscal year
2016 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Magyar Bancorp, Inc.'s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Report by Management
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

The management of Magyar
Bancorp, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Magyar Bancorp
Inc.'s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Magyar Bancorp, Inc.'s management and board
of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 

All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Magyar Bancorp, Inc.'s
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016. In making
this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

The Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant
to exemption rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this
annual report. 

ITEM 9B.  
      Other Information   

None. 

88  

       Table of Contents   

PART III 

ITEM 10.  
      Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance   

Magyar Bancorp, Inc. has
adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to Magyar Bancorp, Inc. s principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics, and any amendments to and
waivers from the Code of Ethics, will be posted on the Company s website located at www.magbank.com. A copy of the Code will
be furnished without charge upon written request to the Secretary, Magyar Bancorp, Inc., 400 Somerset Street, New Brunswick, New
Jersey. 

Information concerning
directors and executive officers of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement
related to our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the  Proxy Statement ), specifically the section captioned  Proposal
I - Election of Directors.  

ITEM 11.  
      Executive Compensation   

Information concerning
executive compensation is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, specifically the section captioned  Proposal
I - Election of Directors.  

ITEM 12.  
      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

Information concerning
security ownership of certain owners and management is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, specifically
the sections captioned  Voting Securities and Principal Holders Thereof  and  Proposal I - Election of Directors.  

In addition, set forth
below is certain information as of September 30, 2016 regarding the Company s equity compensation plans that have been approved
by stockholders. 

ITEM 13.  
      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

Information concerning
relationships and transactions is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, specifically the section captioned
 Transactions with Certain Related Persons.  

ITEM 14.  
      Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

Information concerning
principal accountant fees and services is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, specifically the section captioned
 Proposal II - Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  

89  

       Table of Contents   

PART IV 

ITEM 15.  
      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

3.1 
     Certificate of Incorporation of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.*  

3.2 
     Bylaws of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.*  

4 
     Form of Common Stock Certificate of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.*  

10.1 
     Form of Employee Stock Ownership Plan*  

10.2 
     Restated Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement for Elizabeth E. Hance**  

10.3 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Elizabeth E. Hance**  

10.4 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Joseph J. Lukacs, Jr.**  

10.5 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Salvatore J. Romano**  

10.6 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Joseph A. Yelencsics**  

10.7 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Edward C. Stokes, III**  

10.8 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Martin A. Lukacs**  

10.9 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Thomas Lankey**  

10.10 
     Restated Director Supplemental Retirement Income and Deferred Compensation Agreement for Andrew G. Hodulik**  

10.11 
     Form of Employment Agreement for Elizabeth E. Hance*  

10.12 
     Form of Change in Control Agreement for Executive Officers*  

10.13 
     Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement for Jon Ansari**  

10.14 
     Executive Supplemental Retirement Income Agreement for John Fitzgerald**  

10.15 
     Separation Agreement, between Magyar Bancorp and Elizabeth E. Hance***  

10.16 
     2006 Equity Incentive Plan*****  

14 
     Code of Ethics****  

21 
     Subsidiaries of Registrant*  

23 
     Consent of Experts and Counsel  

31.1 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

31.2 
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32 
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101 
     The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders  Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  

* 
     Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form SB-2 of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (file no. 333-128392), originally
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16, 2005, as amended.  

****  Available on our website   www.magbank.com     

*****  Incorporated by reference to the Plan filed as an attachment to the Company s proxy statement
dated January 8, 2007, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 8, 2007.   

90  

       Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the
requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MAGYAR BANCORP, INC.   

December 16, 2016  
     By:  
     /s/ John S. Fitzgerald  
 
     Date 
       
     John S. Fitzgerald  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Duly Authorized Representative)  

91  

       Table of Contents   

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures 
       
     Title 
       
     Date  

/s/ John S. Fitzgerald 
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     John S. Fitzgerald 
       
     (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jon R. Ansari 
       
     Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Jon R. Ansari 
       
     (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Joseph J. Lukacs, Jr. 
       
     Chairman of the Board 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Joseph J. Lukacs, Jr., D.M.D. 

/s/ Andrew Hodulik 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Andrew Hodulik 

/s/ Thomas Lankey 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Thomas Lankey 

/s/ Martin A. Lukacs 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Martin A. Lukacs, D.M.D. 

/s/ Salvatore J. Romano 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Salvatore J. Romano, Ph.D. 

/s/ Joseph A. Yelencsics 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Joseph A. Yelencsics 

/s/ Edward C. Stokes 
       
     Director 
       
     December 16, 2016  
 
     Edward C. Stokes, III 

92  

<EX-23>
 2
 ex23.htm
 EX-23

Exhibit 23  

Consent of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm  

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-149297, effective February 19, 2008) of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.
of our report dated December 16, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary,
which are included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2016. 

/s/ Baker Tilly Virchow
Krause, LLC  

 Clark, New Jersey 

 December 16, 2016 

93  

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

Certification of Chief
Executive Officer  

  Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, John S. Fitzgerald,
certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting;   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

December
    16, 2016 
       
     /s/ John S. Fitzgerald  
 
     Date 
       
     John
    S. Fitzgerald  

President and Chief Executive
    Officer  

94  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer  

  Pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

I, Jon R. Ansari,
certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Magyar Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting;   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

December 16, 2016  
     /s/ Jon R. Ansari  
 
     Date 
     Jon R. Ansari  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

95  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification pursuant
to  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  as adopted pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002  

John S. Fitzgerald, President
and Chief Executive Officer and Jon R. Ansari, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Magyar Bancorp, Inc. (the
 Company ) each certify in their capacity as officers of the Company that they have reviewed the annual report of the
Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 and that to the best of their knowledge: 

1.  the report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and   

2.  the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

December 16, 2016  
     /s/ John S. Fitzgerald  
 
     Date 
     John S. Fitzgerald  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

December 16, 2016  
     /s/ Jon R. Ansari  
 
     Date 
     Jon R. Ansari  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

The purpose of this statement
is solely to comply with Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, as amended by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Magyar Bancorp, Inc.
and will be retained by Magyar Bancorp, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request 

96  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mgyr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mgyr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mgyr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mgyr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mgyr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mgyr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

