<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1621832_0001615774-16-008053_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2931452</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>102073</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>198322</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>578483</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1233573</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>757369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>52</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008053.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107073030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aqua Metals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001621832
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SECONDARY SMELTING & REFINING OF NONFERROUS METALS [3341]
		IRS NUMBER:				471169572
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37515
		FILM NUMBER:		161976562

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 ATLANTIC AVENUE
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94501
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(510) 479-7635

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1010 ATLANTIC AVENUE
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94501

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008053.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 s104506_10q.htm
 10-Q

FORM 10-Q   

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549   

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from             to
            .  

Commission file number: 001-37515  

Aqua Metals, Inc.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware  
       
      47-1169572   
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
       
     (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification no.)  

1010 Atlantic Avenue   

  Alameda, California 94501   

 (Address of principal executive offices,
including zip code) 

(510) 479-7635   

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable   

 (Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x   No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes  x   No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act): 

Large accelerated filer     
       
     Accelerated filer      

Non-accelerated filer     
       
     Smaller reporting company  x   
 
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes     No  x  

As of November 7, 2016, there were 15,578,725
outstanding shares of the common stock of Aqua Metals, Inc. 

Page   

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  
       
       Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets  
     1  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations  
     2  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity  
     3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
     4  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
     5  

Item 2.  
       
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     16  

Item 3.  
       
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     20  

Item 4.  
       
       Controls and Procedures   
     20  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1A  
       
       Risk Factors   
     21  

Item 6.  
       
       Exhibits   
     27  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1.          Financial
Statements  

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (in thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (in thousands, except share and per share
amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders 
Equity 

 (in thousands, except share amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

 (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

1.         Organization  

Aqua Metals, Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated in Delaware on June 20, 2014 and commenced operations on June 20, 2014 (inception). On January 27, 2015, the Company
formed two wholly-owned subsidiaries, Aqua Metals Reno, Inc. ( AMR ), and Aqua Metals Operations, Inc. (collectively,
the  Subsidiaries ), both incorporated in Delaware. The Company has developed an innovative process for recycling lead
acid batteries. The Company intends to manufacture the equipment it has developed, and will also operate lead acid battery recycling
facilities. Construction of the first recycling facility is substantially complete in McCarran, Nevada, with equipment within the
facility being commissioned on an on-going basis. 

2.         Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by such accounting principles for complete financial statements.
In the opinion of management, all adjustments (which include normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary to present fairly
each of the balance sheet as of September 30, 2016, the statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, the statement of stockholders  equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the
statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, as applicable have been made. The
condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from our audited financial statements as of such
date, but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2015, which
are included on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2016. Certain reclassifications have been
made to the December 31, 2015 balance sheet to conform to current period presentation. Specifically, equipment deposits at December
31, 2015 of $3.8 million have been reclassified to property and equipment with the remaining balance reclassified to other assets. 

The results of operations for the three months and
nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for the year ended December
31, 2016. 

Principles of consolidation  

The condensed consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its Subsidiaries, both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries. Significant inter-company accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of estimates  

The preparation of the condensed
consolidated financial statements requires management of the Company to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to
the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed
consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of expenses during the period. Significant items subject to such estimates
and assumptions include the carrying amount and valuation of long-lived assets, the valuation of conversion features of convertible
debt, valuation allowances for deferred tax assets, the determination of stock option expense and the determination of the fair
value of stock warrants issued. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents  

The Company considers all highly
liquid instruments with original or remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The
Company maintains its cash balances in large financial institutions. Periodically, such balances may be in excess of federally
insured limits. 

Restricted cash  

Restricted cash is comprised
of funds held in escrow at Green Bank for the purpose of paying for the construction of the lead recycling plant building in McCarran,
NV. As of September 30, 2016, the building is substantially complete. At September 30, 2016, $0.7 million of the outstanding accounts
payable balance is to be paid out of the escrowed funds. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

Property and equipment  

Property and equipment are stated
at cost net of accumulated depreciation. Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated on the straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the life of the asset or the remaining
term of the lease. 

Intangible and other long-lived assets  

The intangible asset consists
of a patent application contributed to the Company by five founding stockholders, patent applications for technology developed
by the Company and trademark applications. The useful life of the intangible assets has been determined to be ten years and the
assets are being amortized. The Company periodically evaluates its intangible and other long-lived assets for indications that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In reviewing for impairment, the Company compares the carrying value of
such assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition.
When the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than their carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized equal to
the difference between the assets  fair value and their carrying value. In addition to the recoverability assessment, the
Company routinely reviews the remaining estimated lives of its long-lived assets. Any reduction in the useful life assumption will
result in increased depreciation and amortization expense in the period when such determination is made, as well as in subsequent
periods. The Company evaluates the need to record impairment during each reporting period. No impairment has been recorded. The
Company determined that the estimated life of the intellectual property properly reflected the current remaining economic life
of the asset. 

Research and development  

Research and development expenditures are expensed
as incurred and consist of product development, regulatory support for technology, laboratory materials and supply costs and other
technical support costs, including salaries and consultant fees. 

Income taxes  

The Company accounts for income
taxes in accordance with the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the liability method, deferred assets and liabilities
are recognized based upon anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The provision for income taxes is comprised of the current tax
liability and the changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. The Company establishes a valuation allowance to the extent that
it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be recoverable against future taxable income. 

The Company recognizes the effect
of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions
are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are
reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 

Stock-based compensation  

The Company recognizes compensation expense for stock-based
compensation in accordance with ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation.  For employee stock-based awards,
the Company calculates the fair value of the award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton method for stock options;
the expense is recognized over the service period for awards to vest. 

The estimation of stock-based awards that will ultimately
vest requires judgment and to the extent actual results or updated estimates differ from the original estimates, such amounts are
recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised. The Company considers many factors when estimating expected
forfeitures, including types of awards, employee class and historical experience. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

Net loss per share  

Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of vested shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed
by giving effect to all potential dilutive common securities, including convertible notes, options and warrants. Potential dilutive
common shares include the dilutive effect of the common stock underlying in-the-money stock options as is calculated based on the
average share price for each period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the exercise price of an
option and the average amount of compensation cost, if any, for future services that the Company has not yet recognized when the
option is exercised, are assumed to be used to repurchase shares in the current period. 

For all periods presented in this report, convertible
notes, stock options, and warrants were not included in the computation of diluted net loss per share because such inclusion would
have had an antidilutive effect. 

(1)  The number of shares is based on the maximum number of shares issuable on exercise or conversion
of the related securities as of the period end. Such amounts have not been adjusted for the treasury stock method or weighted average
outstanding calculations as required if the securities were dilutive.   

Segment and Geographic Information  

Operating segments are defined as components of an
enterprise engaging in business activities for which discrete financial information is available and regularly reviewed by the
chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company views its operations
and manages its business in one operating segment, and the Company operates in only one geographic segment. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,
Financial Instruments - Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The updated guidance
enhances the reporting model for financial instruments, which includes amendments to address aspects of recognition, measurement,
presentation and disclosure. The amendment to the standard is effective for the Company beginning on June 1, 2018. While the Company
is currently assessing the impact of the new standard, it does not expect this new guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02 - Leases
(ASC 842), which sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties
to a contract (i.e. lessees and lessors).  The new standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases
as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by
the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on
a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, respectively. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a
lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of
12 months or less will be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today.  ASC 842 supersedes
the previous leases standard, ASC 840 Leases. The standard is effective on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. The
Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this new guidance. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock
Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The ASU includes multiple provisions intended
to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. While aimed at reducing the cost and complexity of the
accounting for share-based payments, the amendments are expected to significantly impact net income, EPS, and the statement of
cash flows. For public companies, the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016,
and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact
of this ASU on its financial statements. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

There were no other recent accounting pronouncements
or changes in accounting pronouncements during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 that are of significance or potential significance
to the Company. 

3.         Property and equipment, net  

Property and equipment, net, consisted of the following
for the dates indicated (in thousands): 

Depreciation expense was $205,000 and $403,000 for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $31,000 and $54,000 for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively. Building under construction is the 136,750 square foot lead acid battery recycling plant being built in
McCarran, Nevada. Equipment under construction is AquaRefining modules manufactured by the Company to be used in the McCarran,
Nevada recycling plant. 

Certain costs necessary to make the recycling facility
ready for its intended use have been capitalized, including interest expense on notes payable. Capitalized interest totaled $153,000
and $456,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and is included in Building under construction
above. There was no capitalized interest during the same periods in 2015. 

4.         Intellectual Property  

On July 3, 2014, five of the founding stockholders
contributed the rights to certain intellectual property to the Company in exchange for the issuance of 4,101,822 shares with a
fair value of $1,059,000. This contribution was recorded as an intangible asset with an offset to additional paid-in capital for
$637,000 and deferred taxes for $422,000. 

Intellectual property, net, is comprised of the following
as of the dates indicated (in thousands): 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

Amortization expense was $34,000 and $27,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively and $93,000 and $81,000 for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

5.         Other Assets  

The Company s other asset balance is made up
of a $596,000 security deposit for the Alameda headquarters lease, a $1,000,000 certificate of deposit, held by Green Bank as collateral
for the AMR construction note payable balance, a $49,000 Nevada sales and use tax security deposit and $125,000 of various prepaid
deposits on equipment and other assets. 

The lease deposit related to the Alameda headquarters
will be released in three installments: $275,000 at June 17, 2017, followed by $275,000 in June 2018; and the remainder will be
released at the end of the lease term. The deposit with Green Bank will be released after AMR has three consecutive months of positive
cash flow from operations. The various prepaid deposits on equipment will be reclassified to equipment once the equipment has been
delivered and installed. 

6.         Convertible Notes  

As described more completely under the caption  Interstate
Battery Agreements  below in Note 9, the Company issued to Interstate Battery System International, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary (collectively  Interstate Battery ) an 11% convertible note with a face amount of $5.0 million due May 25,
2019. The Company allocated the proceeds from the Interstate Battery agreements to the convertible note, common stock and warrants
comprising the financing agreements based on the relative fair value of the individual securities on the May 24, 2016 closing date
of the agreements. Additionally, the convertible notes contained an embedded conversion feature having intrinsic value at the issuance
date, which value the Company treated as an additional discount attributed to the convertible note, subject to limitations on the
absolute amount of discount attributable to the convertible notes and its allocated value. The Company recorded a corresponding
credit to additional paid-in capital attributable to the beneficial conversion feature. The discounts attributable
to the convertible note, an aggregate of $4,975,000, are being amortized using the effective interest method over the three-year
term of the note, maturing on May 24, 2019. Because the discount on the convertible note exceeds 99% of its initial face value,
and because the discount is amortized over the period from issuance to maturity, the calculated effective interest rate is 184.75%. 

Amortization of the note discount for the three and
nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 totaled $18,000 and $26,000, respectively. Amortization of the deferred financing costs,
more fully described in Note 9, totaled $12,000 and $17,000 for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

The September 30, 2016 convertible
note payable is comprised of the following (in thousands): 

On October 31, 2014, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the  Securities Purchase Agreement ) with accredited investors (the  Investors ), pursuant to which the Company issued an aggregate of $6,000,000 principal amount of senior secured convertible notes (the  Convertible Notes ). In connection with the sale of the Convertible Notes (the  Bridge Financing ), the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the  Registration Rights Agreement ) and a security agreement (the  Security Agreement ) with the Investors. The closing of the Bridge Financing was completed October 31, 2014. Upon issuance, the Convertible Notes bore simple interest at 6% per annum and upon the occurrence of any specified event of default, the Convertible Notes would bear interest at 12% per annum and were scheduled to mature on December 31, 2015. 

The principal, $6,000,000, and interest, $279,678, of the Convertible Notes were converted into 2,511,871 shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of $2.50 per share on August 5, 2015 as part of the Company s Initial Public Offering ( IPO ). 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

7.         Deferred
Rent  

On August 7, 2015, the Company signed a lease for 21,697 square feet of mixed office and manufacturing space in Alameda, CA. The term of the lease is 76 months plus six months pre commencement date for tenant improvement construction. The total cost of the lease is $3,071,000 which is being amortized over 82 months. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the landlord had incurred $947,000 and $869,000, respectively, in tenant improvements. The tenant improvements cost has been included in owned assets and deferred rent and is being amortized over the life of the lease. Net deferred rent expense for the three months and nine months ending September 30, 2016 was $42,000 and negative $71,000, respectively. The September 30, 2016 short term deferred rent balance of $174,000 is included in current liabilities whereas the December 31, 2015 balance of negative $38,000 was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The remaining liability of $1,008,000 and $1,071,000 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, is classified as long term deferred rent. 

8          Notes Payable  

AMR entered into a $10,000,000
loan with Green Bank on November 3, 2015. The term of the loan is twenty-one years. During the first twelve months, only interest
is payable and thereafter monthly payments of interest and principal are due. The interest rate will adjust on the first day of
each calendar quarter to the greater of six percent (6%) or two percent (2%) per annum above the minimum prime lending rate charged
by large U.S. money center commercial banks as published in the Wall Street Journal. The terms of the Loan Agreement contain various
affirmative and negative covenants. Among them, AMR must maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.0 (beginning
with the twelve-month period ending March 31, 2017), a maximum debt-to-net worth ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 and a minimum current ratio
of 1.5 to 1.0. AMR was in compliance with all covenants as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The net proceeds of the loan
were deposited into an escrow account at Green Bank. The funds are being released as payment for the building being constructed
in McCarran, NV to house AMR s lead acid recycling operation. Collateral for this loan is AMR s accounts receivable,
goods, equipment, fixtures, inventory, accessions and a certificate of deposit in the amount of $1,000,000. 

The loan is guaranteed by the
United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development ( USDA ), in the amount of 90% of the principal amount of
the loan. The Company paid a guarantee fee to the USDA in the amount of $270,000 at the time of closing and will be required to
pay to the USDA an annual fee in the amount of 0.50% of the guaranteed portion of the outstanding principal balance of the loan
as of December 31 of each year. 

Notes payable is comprised of the following as of
the dates indicated (in thousands): 

The Thermo Fisher Financial
Service obligations relate to capital leases. The costs associated with obtaining the Green Bank loan were recorded as a reduction
to the carrying amount of the note and are being amortized as interest expense within the condensed consolidated statements of
operations over the twenty-one year life of the loan. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

9.         Stockholders  Equity  

Interstate Battery Agreements  

Investment Agreement  

The Company entered into a Credit
Agreement dated May 18, 2016 with Interstate Battery pursuant to which Interstate Battery loaned the Company $5,000,000 in consideration
of the Company s issuance of a secured convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of $5,000,000. The note
bears interest at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum, compounding monthly, and all interest is payable upon the earlier
of maturity or conversion of the principal amount. The loan matures on May 24, 2019. The outstanding principal is convertible into
shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of $7.12 per share. The Company obligations under the note and
Credit Agreement are secured by a second priority lien on the real estate, fixtures and equipment at the Company s recycling
facility at McCarran, Nevada. The Credit Agreement includes representations, warranties, and affirmative and negative covenants
that are customary of institutional credit agreements. 

Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, the Company also
issued to Interstate Battery two common stock purchase warrants, including: 

The warrants contain cashless exercise and standard
anti-dilution adjustment provisions. If Interstate converts its convertible note and exercises both warrants in their entirety,
it will own slightly less than 20% of the Company s common stock at an average price per share of approximately $7.93. 

The Company also entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 18, 2016 with Interstate Battery pursuant to which the Company issued and sold to Interstate
Battery 702,247 shares of the Company s common stock at $7.12 per share for the gross proceeds of approximately $5,000,000.
The Stock Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants by Interstate Battery and us, and an
indemnity from us in favor of Interstate Battery. 

In connection with the investment
transactions, the Company also entered into an Investors Rights Agreement dated May 18, 2016 with Interstate Battery pursuant to
which the Company granted Interstate Battery customary demand and piggyback registration rights, limited board observation rights
over the next three years and limited preemptive rights allowing Interstate Battery the right to purchase its proportional share
of certain future equity issuances by the Company over the next three years. The Company included all of the Interstate Battery
shares in its S-3 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2016. 

The investment transactions
with Interstate Battery closed on May 24, 2016. There were no sales commissions paid by the Company in connection with its sale
of securities to Interstate Battery. 

The Company allocated the $10.0
million proceeds from the Credit Agreement and Stock Purchase Agreement, to the various securities based on their relative fair
values on the closing date of May 24, 2016. 

The fair value of the common stock was based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ
stock market on May 24, 2016.   

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

The fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes-Merton
Option Pricing Model and the assumptions are listed in the table below. 

Both warrants were issued on May 24, 2016, when the
closing market price of our stock was $11.39. 

The table below presents the allocation of the proceeds
based on the relative fair values of the stock, warrants and note. 

The difference between the face value of the convertible
note and the allocated amount (which considers both the allocated fair value of the issued stock and allocated fair value of the
warrants) was recorded as an initial discount to the convertible note; common stock was recorded at its allocated fair value as
a credit to par value and additional paid-in capital as appropriate, based on the number of shares issued, and the allocated fair
value of the warrant was credited to additional paid-in capital. After taking into consideration the amortization of the note discount,
the effective interest rate is 184.75%. 

The convertible note includes an embedded beneficial
conversion feature. The intrinsic value of the beneficial conversion feature was treated as an additional component of the discount
attributable to the convertible note. The initial discount (attributable to the stock and warrants as noted above) and the discount
attributable to the beneficial conversion feature exceeds the face amount of the convertible note. To avoid reducing the initial
net carrying value of the convertible note to or below zero, the discount attributable to the beneficial conversion feature was
limited such that the aggregate of all discounts does not exceed 99.5% of the face amount of the convertible note. The discount
is being accreted to interest expense using the effective interest method over the three-year life of the loan. If the loan is
converted prior to its maturity, any remaining discount will be expensed immediately. 

Costs incurred in connection with the deal of $771,000
were allocated between additional paid-in capital and prepaid financing/ debt discount ( debt issuance costs ) in the
same manner as the above allocation of proceeds. The allocated debt issuance costs of $142,000 were recorded as a reduction to
the carrying amount of the convertible note and are being amortized as interest expense within the condensed consolidated statements
of operations over the three-year life of the loan. The remaining $629,000 was recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

National Securities Placement  

On May 18, 2016, the Company
entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement with certain accredited investors pursuant to which
the Company issued and sold to the investors 719,333 shares of its common stock at a price of $7.12 per share for the gross proceeds
of $5,121,651. The Stock Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the investors and
the Company, and an indemnity from the Company in favor of the investors. The private placement closed on May 24, 2016. The Company
included all of these shares in its S-3 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2016. 

National Securities Corporation
acted as placement agent for the private placement and received sales commission in the amount of six percent (6%) of the gross
proceeds, or a total of $307,000 in commissions from us. In addition, we reimbursed National Securities for its out-of-pocket expenses
and legal fees in the aggregate amount of $38,000. The total costs of $345,000 have been recorded as a reduction to additional
paid-in capital. 

Warrant issued  

A warrant to purchase 12,500 of the Company s
common stock was issued on January 31, 2016 at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. The warrant was fully vested upon issuance
and has a term of 1.25 years. 

The following assumptions were
used in the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrant. 

The fair value was $15,476 and
was recorded as increase to consulting expense and increase in additional paid in-capital. 

A warrant to purchase 12,500 of the Company s
common stock was issued on April 30, 2016, at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. The warrant was fully vested upon issuance
and expires, if not exercised, on July 31, 2018. 

The following assumptions were
used in the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrant. 

The fair value was $57,204 and
was recorded as increase to consulting expense and increase in additional paid in-capital. 

A warrant to purchase 12,500 of the Company s
common stock was issued on July 31, 2016, at an exercise price of $6.00 per share. The warrant was fully vested upon issuance and
expires, if not exercised, on July 31, 2018. 

The following assumptions were
used in the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model to estimate the fair value of the warrant. 

The fair value was $65,000 and
was recorded as increase to consulting expense and increase in additional paid in-capital. 

Warrants exercised  

On June 7, 2016, when the five-day average of closing
prices for the Company s common stock was $12.16 per share, 15,203 shares of the Company s common stock were issued
pursuant to a cashless exercise of a warrant for 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of $6.00
per share. 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

Stock based compensation  

The 2014 Stock Incentive Plan
(the  2014 Plan ) authorizes a total of 1,363,637 shares for option grants. The 2014 Plan provides for the following
types of stock-based awards: incentive stock options; non-statutory stock options; restricted stock; and performance-based stock.
The 2014 Plan, under which equity incentives may be granted to employees and directors under incentive and non-statutory stock
option agreements requires that the option price may not be less than the fair value of the stock at the date the option is granted.
Option awards may not have a term exceeding 10 years from the grant date. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had 488,609 shares
available for future grants under the 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. 

Options granted generally have
a five-year term and vest over a three-year period; one third the first year, one third the second year and the remaining third
vest on a monthly basis in the third year. 

The stock-based compensation
expense attributable to option grants recorded was allocated as follows: 

The following assumptions were
used in the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model to estimate the fair value of the options. 

The Company issued 4,500 shares
of common stock for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 upon stock option exercises. 

Option modification  

 During the three months ended
June 30, 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved the modification of the terms of a stock option previously
granted to a member of its Board of Directors to accelerate vesting and the waiver of the early termination of the option based
upon the director s end of service to the Company. The modification resulted in additional compensation expense of $175,000. 

10.       Commitments and Contingencies  

Purchase commitment  

The Company issued a purchase
order on September 18, 2015 to purchase equipment to be installed in the recycling plant being built in Nevada. An initial payment
of $3,053,000 was made in September 2015 and was initially recorded as equipment deposits on the condensed consolidated balance
sheet. These deposits were reclassified into Property and equipment, net in June 2016. The remaining balance due on this equipment
at September 30, 2016 is $611,000 .  

Interstate Battery Agreement
commitment  

Pursuant to the Interstate Battery
Investor Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to compensate Interstate Battery should either Stephen Clarke, the Company s
current chief executive officer, or Selwyn Mould, the Company s current chief operating officer, no longer hold such positions
or no longer devote substantially all of their business time and attention to the Company, whether as a result of resignation,
death, disability or otherwise (such an event referred to as a  key-man event ). The Company has agreed to pay Interstate
Battery $2,000,000, per occurrence, if either officer is subject to a key-man event during the two years following May 18, 2016.
The Company also agreed to pay Interstate Battery $2,000,000 if either or both officers are subject to a key-man event during the
third year following May18, 2016 

AQUA METALS, INC. 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

11.       Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated subsequent events through
the date which the condensed consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. 

Item 2.          Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Cautionary Statement  

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this report. The information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is not a complete
description of our business or the risks associated with an investment in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review and
consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016, or
our Annual Report. 

In this report we
make, and from time to time we otherwise make, written and oral statements regarding our business and prospects, such as projections
of future performance, statements of management s plans and objectives, forecasts of market trends, and other matters that
are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Statements containing the words or phrases  will likely result,   are expected
to,   will continue,   is anticipated,   estimates,   projects,   believes, 
 expects,   anticipates,   intends,   target,   goal,   plans, 
 objective,   should  or similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which may appear in documents,
reports, filings with the SEC, news releases, written or oral presentations made by officers or other representatives made by us
to analysts, stockholders, investors, news organizations and others, and discussions with management and other of our representatives. 

Our future results,
including results related to forward-looking statements, involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those risks included
in the section  Risk Factors  set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this report. No assurance can be given that the results
reflected in any forward-looking statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which
such statement is made. Our forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions that are sometimes based upon estimates, data,
communications and other information from suppliers, government agencies and other sources that may be subject to revision. Except
as required by law, we do not undertake any obligation to update or keep current either (i) any forward-looking statement
to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date of such statement or (ii) the important factors that could cause
our future results to differ materially from historical results or trends, results anticipated or planned by us, or which are reflected
from time to time in any forward-looking statement. 

General  

We were formed
as a Delaware corporation on June 20, 2014 for the purpose of engaging in the business of recycling lead through a novel,
proprietary and patent-pending process that we developed and named  AquaRefining . Since our formation, we have
focused our efforts on the development and testing of our AquaRefining process, the development of our business plan, the
raise of our present working capital and the development of our initial lead acid battery, or LAB, recycling facility in the
Tahoe Regional Industrial Center, McCarran, Nevada ( TRIC ). On October 28, 2016, we commenced limited
lead-producing operations at our TRIC facility through the processing of recycled lead through a single AquaRefining module.
Through our own on-site assay, the Company has verified that the lead produced in the AquaRefining module is over 99.99
percent pure. We expect to commence earning revenue through the commercial-scale recycling of LABs at our TRIC facility
during the fourth quarter of 2016. Additionally, we have implemented process and other improvements which have increased the capacity of the
TRIC facility to 120 tonnes per day. We expect to achieve a production rate of 120 tonnes per day early in 2017. 

Since our organization
in 2014, we have engaged in the following financing transactions: 

Convertible Note
Placement . Prior to our initial public offering, we capitalized our operations with equity contributions and advances from
our founders, our receipt of a $500,000 investment from Wirtz Manufacturing Co. Inc. and our receipt of $5.5 million of capital
from our private placement sale of senior secured convertible promissory notes, which we refer to as our  convertible notes ,
in October 2014. Pursuant to the terms of our investment agreement with Wirtz Manufacturing Co. Inc., Wirtz exchanged its investment
in our company for a convertible note sold in the October 2014 private placement. As a result, we had issued and outstanding convertible
notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6.0 million, with accrued and unpaid interest as of August 5, 2015 in the amount of
$279,678. All principal and accrued interest under the convertible notes converted into shares of our common stock
at the close of our initial public offering on August 5, 2015. 

Initial Public
Offering . On July 31, 2015, we conducted an initial public offering of 6.6 million shares of our common stock, at the public
offering price of $5.00 per share. After the payment of underwriter discounts and offering expenses, and after giving effect to
the underwriters  exercise of its overallotment option on August 13, 2015 to purchase an additional 641,930 shares of our
common stock at the offering price of $5.00 per share, we received net proceeds of approximately $32,862,172. 

Pursuant to the terms
of the above convertible notes, all principal and interest under the convertible notes automatically converted into shares of our
common stock upon the completion of the initial public offering at the conversion price of $2.50 per share. As of the close of
our initial public offering, all principal and interest, including $6 million of principal and $279,678 of accrued interest, under
the convertible notes automatically converted into 2,511,871 shares of our common stock. 

Green Bank Loan .  
On November 3, 2015, Aqua Metals Reno, Inc., our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Loan Agreement with Green Bank, N.A. pursuant
to which Green Bank provided us with a loan in the amount of $10 million.  The loan proceeds will be applied towards the development
of our TRIC, facility.  The loan accrues interest at an annual rate of the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate Index plus a margin
of 2.00% per year, adjusted quarterly, with a floor rate of 6.00% per year.  Interest-only payments are due monthly for the
first twelve months.  Thereafter, principal and interest are due monthly and are fully amortized over 20 years.  The
loan is collateralized by the real estate, plant and fixtures at the TRIC facility and a certificate of deposit of $1.0 million
at Green Bank.  Additionally, the terms of the Loan Agreement contain various affirmative and negative covenants.  Among
them, Aqua Metals Reno, Inc. must maintain a minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.25 to 1.0, a maximum debt-to-net worth ratio
of 1.0 to 1.0 and a minimum current ratio of 1.5 to 1.0. 

The loan is guaranteed
by the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development, or USDA, in the amount of 90% of the principal amount of the
loan.  We paid a guarantee fee to USDA in the amount of $270,000 at the time of closing of the Loan Agreement and we will
be required to pay to USDA an annual renewal fee in the amount of 0.50% of the guaranteed portion of the outstanding principal
balance of the loan as of December 31 of each year. 

Interstate Battery
Partnership . On May 18, 2016, we entered into definitive agreements with Interstate Battery System International, Inc. ( Interstate
Battery ) and other investors for the sale of approximately $15.1 million of our equity and debt securities, including a
$10 million investment by Interstate Battery, the largest independent battery distributor in North America. We also entered into
a supply agreement with Interstate Battery pursuant to which Interstate Battery will supply us with used LABs as feedstock for
our AquaRefineries. The investment transactions closed on May 24, 2016. 

At the closing of the
investment transactions, we entered into a supply agreement with Interstate Battery pursuant to which Interstate Battery agreed
to sell to us, and we agreed to buy from Interstate Battery, used LABs. Interstate Battery will sell us used LABs on a cost-plus
basis and the agreement subjects us and Interstate Battery to certain minimum purchase and sale requirements. We have granted Interstate
Battery limited rights of first refusal to supply our future AquaRefineries. Our agreement with Interstate Battery is for an initial
term of 18 months and will be subject to automatic renewals thereafter unless either party elects to terminate the agreement. The
agreement allows each party the right to seek early termination based on certain commercial contingencies. The supply agreement
contains representations, warranties and indemnities that are customary to commercial agreements of this nature. 

Pursuant to the investment
agreements with Interstate Battery, Interstate Battery: 

         Purchased
702,247 shares of our common stock at $7.12 per share for the gross proceeds of approximately $5,000,000; and 

         Loaned
us $5,000,000 pursuant to a secured convertible promissory in the original principal amount of $5,000,000. The note will bear
interest at the rate of eleven percent (11%) per annum, compounding monthly, and all interest shall be payable upon the earlier
of maturity or conversion of the principal amount. The outstanding principal is convertible into our common shares at a conversion
price of $7.12 per share. Our obligations under the loan are secured by a second priority lien interest on our assets, other than
our intellectual property. The loan will mature on May 18, 2019. 

In connection with the
agreements, we granted Interstate Battery warrants to purchase our common stock, including: 

         a
fully vested warrant to purchase 702,247 shares of our common stock, at an exercise price of $7.12 per share, expiring on May 24,
2018; and 

         a
warrant to purchase 1,605,131 shares of our common stock, at an exercise price of $9.00 per share, vesting on November 16, 2016
and expiring on May 24, 2019. 

We granted Interstate
Battery customary demand and piggyback registration rights, limited board observation rights over the next three years and limited
preemptive rights allowing it to purchase its proportional share of certain future equity issuances by us over the next three years.
We included all of the Interstate Battery shares in our S-3 Registration Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 1, 2016. 

If Interstate Battery
converts its convertible note and exercises both warrants in their entirety, it will own slightly less than 20% of the common stock
of Aqua Metals at an average price per share of approximately $7.93. 

We also entered into
a definitive agreement with certain accredited investors to sell approximately $5.1 million of our common stock through National
Securities Corporation as placement agent. Pursuant to this agreement, we sold 719,333 of shares of our common stock, at the price
of $7.12 per share, for the gross proceeds of approximately $5,121,650. We paid National Securities a commission of six percent
(6%) on the sale of our common shares to the accredited investors. There are no commissions payable by us on the sale of our securities
to Interstate Battery. The National Securities private placement closed on May 24, 2016. 

Plan of Operations  

Our plan of operations
for the 12-month period following the date of this report is to expand operations at our first recycling facility at TRIC to 120
tonnes of lead production per day and begin to expand our business with additional recycling facilities and licensing of our recycling
technology and equipment to third parties. 

As of the date of this
report, we have commenced limited lead production at our TRIC facility. To achieve this, we completed the construction of a 136,750
square foot lead acid battery, or LAB, recycling facility at our TRIC property, substantially completed the installation of related
battery breaking and component separations equipment, and commissioned the first AquaRefining module. 

We have also completed
the permitting process for commencement of full-scale LAB recycling at our TRIC facility. In connection with the permitting of
our TRIC facility, the Nevada state environmental regulators determined that our AquaRefining process is not subject to the National
Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants, or NESHAP. NESHAP is the federal emissions standards set by the United States
Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, which apply to conventional smelter-based recycling facilities. We believe this is an
important precedent which could substantially reduce both the time required to obtain permits and increase the options for locating
additional facilities for both us and our potential licensees. 

Our TRIC facility is
designed to accommodate additional AquaRefining modules and has battery breaking and component separations equipment sufficient
to support expansion to 160 tonnes of recycled lead per day. 

On October 28, 2016,
we commissioned our first AquaRefining module and commenced limited lead-producing operations at our TRIC facility. Through our
own on-site assay, we have verified that the lead produced in the AquaRefining module is over 99.99 percent pure. 

As of the date of
this report, we believe that our working capital is sufficient to achieve a production rate of 120 tonnes per day. Our goal is
to increase our production of lead at our TRIC facility to 160 tonnes per day by 2018. 

Separately, we are
engaged in detailed discussions with providers of non-dilutive capital to finance up to an additional four facilities, each of
would have a production capacity of approximately 160 tonnes per day. On the strength of these discussions we have started to evaluate
locations for facilities two and three, however, as of the date of this report, we have no agreements or understandings with regard
to the financing and there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate an agreement on terms acceptable to us, or at
all. 

In the longer term,
we intend to expand our business in the United States and internationally, through the provision of AquaRefining equipment to third
parties using a  serviced licensing  business model. We now have exploratory discussions with third parties interested
in this option in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions.. These discussions have now progressed to the point that
we have started to evaluate materials supplied to us by third parties for compatibility with our technology. As of the date of
this report, these trials have been successful and we intend to commence the formal pursuit of licensing arrangements during 2017. 

Results of Operations  

We were formed on
June 20, 2014 and have commenced limited lead producing operations on October 28, 2016. To date, our operations have consisted
of the development and limited testing of our AquaRefining process, the development of our business plan, the raise of our present
working capital and the development of our initial lead acid battery, or LAB, recycling facility near Reno, Nevada.  The
following table summarizes results of operations with respect to the items set forth below for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 together with the percentage change in those items (in thousands).  

Operations and development
costs have more than tripled for both the comparative periods. The increase is due to the increased level of operations following
the completion of our initial public offering in August 2015. Salary related expenses have tripled for both the three and nine
month periods in 2016 compared to 2015, commensurate with a three-fold increase in head-count for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016. Our research and development expenses have also experienced a three-fold increase for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 corresponding to an increase in developmental activities over the prior year periods. Other increases
include professional services, depreciation, insurance, travel and general overhead costs due to our increased activities. 

Business development
and management costs have also increased significantly. Salary related expenses increased by 76% and 80% for the three and nine
month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, while average headcount increased by 36% and 39% for the three and nine month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the same periods in the previous year. The largest contributor to the
difference between headcount and overall expense is an increase in stock based compensation expense. Professional services have
increased by approximately $0.2 million and $0.9 million for the three and nine month periods ending September 30, 2016, respectively,
which include both third-party consulting and legal fees and primarily relates to being a publicly traded company during 2016 versus
a private company during the related periods in 2015. Professional fees during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 include
a one-time $0.2 million charge due to the modification of a previously issued stock option to a former member of our Board of Directors
that accelerated the vesting and waived the early termination of the option based upon the termination of his service to the Company
due to his death. The remaining increase is due to increased travel, insurance and general overhead costs due to our increased
activities compared to the prior year. 

We incurred approximately
$0.3 million and $5.8 million of expense in the three and nine months ending September 30, 2015, respectively, relating to an increase
in the fair value of derivative liabilities related to our then-outstanding convertible notes and related financing warrants. The
convertible notes were converted at the time of our IPO in August 2015 and, at the same time the derivative liability associated
with the financing warrant was reclassified to additional paid-in capital. Therefore, there is no expense related to the derivative
liabilities during the three and nine months ending September 30, 2016. We incurred interest expense of approximately $0.5 million
and $1.1 million during the three and nine months ending September 30, 2015, respectively, related to our convertible notes, which,
as noted above, converted at the time of our IPO. Interest during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 relates primarily
to amortization of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with both the $10.0 million notes payable and the $5.0 million Interstate
Battery convertible note as well as an accrual for the USDA guarantee fee on the $10.0 million note. Interest relating to the $10.0
million notes payable is currently being capitalized as part of the building cost of the TRIC facility. 

The note discount
associated with the Interstate Battery convertible note is being amortized using the effective interest method over the three-year
term of the note, maturing on May 24, 2019. Using the effective interest method results in higher expense in later periods. Thus,
non-cash interest expense associated with the note discount amortization will be $54,000 in 2016, $360,000 in 2017, $2.0 million
in 2018 and $2.6 million in 2019. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

As of September 30,
2016, we had total assets of $55.3 million and working capital of $11.6 million. 

The following table
summarizes our cash used in operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): 

Net cash used in operating activities   

Net cash used in
operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $5.8 million and $2.7 million, respectively. Net
cash used in operating activities during each of these periods consisted primarily of our net loss adjusted for noncash items such
as depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation charges, and noncash charges related to the mark-to-market valuation of
our derivative liabilities (2015), as well as net changes in working capital. 

Net cash used in investing activities   

Net cash used in
investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $12.9 million and $5.4 million, respectively. Net
cash used in investing activities during each of these periods consists primarily of purchases of fixed assets related to the build
out of our TRIC recycling facility in Nevada and, to a lesser extent, our corporate headquarters. 

Net cash provided by financing activities   

Net cash provided
by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consists of $9.1 million net proceeds from the issuance
of common stock to Interstate Battery and other investors through our placement agent, National Securities Corporation; and $4.9
million net proceeds from the Interstate Battery convertible note. 

As of the date
of this report, we believe that our working capital is sufficient to fund our current business plan over the next 12 months,
including the attainment of production at the rate of 120 tonnes of recycled lead per day. However, we may require
additional capital over the next 12 months to fund our current business plan, the receipt of which there can be no assurance. In addition, we will require
additional capital in order to fund our proposed development of additional AquaRefining recycling facilities. We intend to
seek additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity and debt securities, licensing fees
for our technology, joint ventures with capital partners and/or project financing of our recycling facilities. However, there
can be no guarantees that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not
available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue
operations. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements. 

Item 3.     Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risks  

Not applicable. 

Item 4.     Controls and Procedures  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

Our management, with
the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and
operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based
on this evaluation, management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1A.  
      Risk Factors    

Investing in our common stock involves a very high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the other information in our filings with the SEC before
making any investment decisions regarding our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not know of or that we currently deem immaterial may also negatively affect
our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. In that case, the market price of our common stock could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment.   

Risks Relating to Our Business  

Since we have
a limited operating history and have only recently commenced lead-producing operations, it is difficult for potential investors
to evaluate our business   .   We formed our corporation in June 2014 and on October 28, 2016, we commenced limited
production of recycled lead at our TRIC facility. To date, our operations have consisted of the development and limited testing
of our AquaRefining process, the development of our business plan, the raise of our present working capital and the development
of our initial LAB recycling facility in Tahoe Regional Industrial Center, McCarran, Nevada ( TRIC ). Our limited
operating history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our technology or prospective operations. As an early
stage company, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization, financing, expenditures, complications and
delays in a new business. Investors should evaluate an investment in us in light of the uncertainties encountered by developing
companies in a competitive environment. There can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately
be able to attain profitability. 

We may
need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available
on reasonable terms or at all   .   As of September 30, 2016, we had total assets of $55.3 million and
working capital of $11.6 million. As of the date of this report, we believe that we have working capital sufficient to fund
our current business plan over the next 12 months, including the attainment of production at the rate of 120 tonnes of recycled lead per day. However, we may require additional capital over the next 12 months
to fund our current business plan, the receipt of which there can be no assurance. In addition, we will require additional capital in order to fund our
proposed development of additional AquaRefining recycling facilities. We intend to seek additional funds through various
financing sources, including the private sale of our equity and debt securities, licensing fees for our technology, joint
ventures with capital partners and project financing of our recycling facilities. However, there can be no guarantees that
such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory
terms, we may be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue operations, in which case you
may lose your entire investment. 

Our business
model is new and has not been proven by us or anyone else   .  We intend to engage in the business of producing
recycled lead through a proprietary, patent-pending electro-chemical technology. While the production of recycled lead is an established
business, to date all recycled lead has been produced by way of traditional smelting processes. To our knowledge, no one has successfully
produced recycled lead in commercial quantities other than by way of smelting. We have tested our AquaRefining process on a small
scale and to a limited degree, and on October 28 th , 2016, we commenced limited production of recycled lead at our TRIC
facility. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to produce lead in commercial quantities at a cost of production
that will provide us with an adequate profit margin. The uniqueness of our AquaRefining process presents potential risks associated
with the development of a business model that is untried and unproven.  

While the testing
of our AquaRefining process has been successful to date, there can be no assurance that we will be able to replicate the process,
along with all of the expected economic advantages, on a large commercial scale  .     As of the date of this
report, we have built and operated both a small-scale unit of our AquaRefining process and a full-size production prototype. In
addition, on October 28, 2016, we commenced limited operations at our TRIC facility through the processing of recycled lead through
a single AquaRefining module. While we believe that our development, testing and limited production to date has proven the concept
of our AquaRefining process, we have not undertaken the processing of used LABs nor have we commenced the production of lead in
large commercial quantities. We expect to commence the commercial recycling of used LABs during the fourth quarter of 2016 and
increase our production of lead to 120 tonnes per day early in 2017. However, there can be no assurance that
as we commence large scale operations at our TRIC facility that we will not incur unexpected costs or hurdles that might restrict
the desired scale of our intended operations or negatively impact our projected gross profit margin. 

Our intellectual
property rights may not be adequate to protect our business   .  We currently do not hold any patents for our products.
To date, we have filed five international applications, two U.S. patent applications, and have twenty foreign applications pending,
relating to certain elements of the technology underlying our AquaRefining process and related apparatus and chemical formulations.
Although we expect to continue filing, where applicable, patent applications related to our technology, no assurances can be given
that any patent will be issued on our patent applications or any other application that we may file in the future or that, if such
patents are issued, they will be sufficiently broad to adequately protect our technology. In addition, we cannot assure you that
any patents that may be issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented. 

Even if we are issued
patents, they may not stop a competitor from illegally using our patented processes and materials. In such event, we would incur
substantial costs and expenses, including lost time of management in addressing and litigating, if necessary, such matters. Additionally,
we rely upon a combination of trade secret laws and nondisclosure agreements with third parties and employees having access to
confidential information or receiving unpatented proprietary know-how, trade secrets and technology to protect our proprietary
rights and technology. These laws and agreements provide only limited protection. We can give no assurance that these measures
will adequately protect us from misappropriation of proprietary information. 

Our processes
may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, which could lead to costly disputes or disruptions   .  
The applied science industry is characterized by frequent allegations of intellectual property infringement. Though we do not expect
to be subject to any of these allegations, any allegation of infringement could be time consuming and expensive to defend or resolve,
result in substantial diversion of management resources, cause suspension of operations or force us to enter into royalty, license,
or other agreements rather than dispute the merits of such allegation. If patent holders or other holders of intellectual property
initiate legal proceedings, we may be forced into protracted and costly litigation. We may not be successful in defending such
litigation and may not be able to procure any required royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms or at all. 

Our business
strategy includes licensing arrangements and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances. Failure to successfully integrate
such licensing arrangements, joint ventures, or strategic alliances into our operations could adversely affect our business   .  
We propose to commercially exploit our AquaRefining process, in part, by licensing our technology to third parties and entering
into joint ventures and strategic relationships with parties involved in the manufacture and recycling of LABs. Licensing programs,
joint ventures and strategic alliances may involve significant other risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management s
attention away from normal business operations, insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated
with the transaction, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process, such as product quality, technology
issues and legal contingencies. In addition, we may be unable to effectively integrate any such programs and ventures into our
operations. Our operating results could be adversely affected by any problems arising during or from any licenses, joint ventures
or strategic alliances. 

If we are unable
to manage future expansion effectively, our business, operations and financial condition may suffer significantly, resulting in
decreased productivity   .   If our AquaRefining process proves to be commercially valuable, it is likely that
we will experience a rapid growth phase that could place a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, technical, operational
and financial resources. Our organization, procedures and management may not be adequate to fully support the expansion of our
operations or the efficient execution of our business strategy. If we are unable to manage future expansion effectively, our business,
operations and financial condition may suffer significantly, resulting in decreased productivity. 

Certain industry
participants may have the ability to restrict our access to used LABs and otherwise focus significant competitive pressure on us   .  
We believe that our primary competition will come from operators of existing smelters and other parties invested in the existing
supply chain for smelting, both of which may resist the change presented by our AquaRefining process. Competition from such incumbents
may come in the form of restricted access to used LABs. We believe that LAB manufacturers who also maintain their own smelting
operations control approximately 50% of the market for used LABs. We will require access to used LABs at market prices in order
to carry out our business plan. If those LAB manufacturers and others involved in the reverse supply chain for used LABs attempt
to restrict our access to used LABs that may adversely affect our prospects and future growth. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to effectively withstand the pressures applied by our competition. 

We may experience
significant fluctuations in raw material prices and the price of our principal product, either of which could have a material adverse
effect on our liquidity, growth prospects and results of operations   .   Spent LAB s are our primary raw
material and we believe that in recent years the cost of used LABS has been volatile at times. Our principal product, recycled
lead, has also experienced price volatility from time to time as well. For example, the market price of lead on the London Metal
Exchange, or LME, rose from a trading range of $1,000 to $1,200 per metric ton during 2005 to $2,200 per metric ton during 2014.
In 2015, the LME market price for lead ranged from $1,554 to $2,139 per ton .  The price per
ton of lead on January 1, 2015 was $1,844 while the price on December 31, 2015 was $1,801 per ton. The price per ton of lead on
September 30, 2016 was $2,106. While we intend to pursue supply and tolling arrangements and hedge transactions as appropriate
to offset any price volatility, the volatile nature of prices for used LABs and recycled lead could have an adverse impact on our
liquidity, growth prospects and results of operations. 

The global
economic conditions could negatively affect our prospects for growth and operating results   .  Our prospects for growth
and operating results will be directly affected by the general global economic conditions of the industries in which our suppliers,
partners and customer groups operate. We believe that the market price of our principal product, recycled lead, is relatively volatile
and reacts to general global economic conditions. Lead prices decreased from $2,139 per ton on May 5, 2015 to a low of $1,554 per
ton on November 23, 2015 because of fluctuations in the market. A month later, the price per ton increased back up to $1,801 per
ton and, as noted above, the price per ton was $2,106 on September 30, 2016. Our business will be highly dependent on the economic
and market conditions in each of the geographic areas in which we operate. These conditions affect our business by reducing the
demand for LABs and decreasing the price of lead in times of economic down turn and increasing the price of used LABs in times
of increasing demand of LABs and recycled lead. There can be no assurance that global economic conditions will not, at times, negatively
impact our liquidity, growth prospects and results of operations. 

We are subject
to the risks of conducting business outside the United States   .  A part of our strategy involves our pursuit of growth
opportunities in certain international market locations. We intend to pursue the development and ownership of recycling facilities
in certain foreign jurisdictions, including Mexico, China and India, among others countries, however it is more likely that we
will enter into licensing or joint venture arrangements with local partners who will be primarily responsible for the day-to-day
operations. Any expansion outside of the US will require significant management attention and financial resources to successfully
develop and operate any such facilities, including the sales, supply and support channels, and we cannot assure you that we will
be successful or that our expenditures in this effort will not exceed the amount of any resulting revenues. Our international operations
expose us to risks and challenges that we would otherwise not face if we conducted our business only in the United States, such
as: 

increased cost of enforcing our intellectual property rights;  

heightened price sensitivities from customers in emerging markets;  

our ability to establish or contract for local manufacturing, support and service functions;  

localization of our LABs and components, including translation into foreign languages and the associated expenses;  

compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations;  

foreign currency fluctuations;  

laws favoring local competitors;  

weaker legal protections of contract terms, enforcement on collection of receivables and intellectual property rights and mechanisms for enforcing those rights;  

market disruptions created by public health crises in regions outside the United States;  

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including challenges presented by relationships with workers  councils and labor unions;  

issues related to differences in cultures and practices; and  

changing regional economic, political and regulatory conditions.  

Government regulation
and environmental, health and safety concerns may adversely affect our business   .  Our operations in the United States
will be subject to the Federal, State and local environmental, health and safety laws applicable to the reclamation of lead acid
batteries. Depending on how any particular operation is structured, our facilities will probably have to obtain environmental permits
or approvals to operate, including those associated with air emissions, water discharges, and waste management and storage. We
may face opposition from local residents or public interest groups to the installation and operation of our facilities. Failure
to secure (or significant delays in securing) the necessary approvals could prevent us from pursuing some of our planned operations
and adversely affect our business, financial results and growth prospects. In addition to permitting requirements, our operations
are subject to environmental health, safety and transportation laws and regulations that govern the management of and exposure
to hazardous materials such as the lead and acids involved in battery reclamation. These include hazard communication and other
occupational safety requirements for employees, which may mandate industrial hygiene monitoring of employees for potential exposure
to lead. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject our business to significant penalties (civil or criminal) and
other sanctions that could adversely affect our business. 

The nature of our
operations involve risks, including the potential for exposure to hazardous materials such as lead, that could result in personal
injury and property damage claims from third parties, including employees and neighbors, which claims could result in significant
costs or other environmental liability. Our operations also pose a risk of releases of hazardous substances, such as lead or acids,
into the environment, which can result in liabilities for the removal or remediation of such hazardous substances from the properties
at which they have been released, liabilities which can be imposed regardless of fault, and our business could be held liable for
the entire cost of cleanup even if we were only partially responsible. Like any manufacturer, we are also subject to the possibility
that we may receive notices of potential liability in connection with materials that were sent to third-party recycling, treatment,
and/or disposal facilities under the Federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended
( CERCLA ), and comparable state statutes, which impose liability for investigation and remediation of contamination
without regard to fault or the legality of the conduct that contributed to the contamination, and for damages to natural resources.
Liability under CERCLA is retroactive, and, under certain circumstances, liability for the entire cost of a cleanup can be imposed
on any responsible party. 

As our business expands
outside of the United States, our operations will be subject to the environmental, health and safety laws of the countries where
we do business, including permitting and compliance requirements that address the similar risks as do the laws in the United States,
as well as international legal requirements such as those applicable to the transportation of hazardous materials. Depending on
the country or region, these laws could be as stringent as those in the US, or they could be less stringent or not as strictly
enforced. In some countries in which we are interested in expanding our business, such as Mexico and China, the relevant environmental
regulatory and enforcement frameworks are in flux and subject to change. Compliance with these requirements will cause our business
to incur costs, and failure to comply with these requirements could adversely affect our business. 

In the event we are
unable to present and operate our AquaRefining process and operations as safe and environmentally responsible, we may face opposition
from local governments, residents or public interest groups to the installation and operation of our facilities. 

Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock  

Prior to the
completion of our initial public offering in July 2015, there was no public trading market for our common stock.   Our common
stock has traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol  AQMS , since July 31, 2015. Since that date, our common
stock has been relatively thinly traded. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop a liquid market
for our common shares. The stock market in general, and early stage public companies in particular, has experienced extreme price
and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. If we
are unable to develop a market for our common shares, you may not be able to sell your common shares at prices you consider to
be fair or at times that are convenient for you, or at all. 

Control by management
may limit your ability to influence the outcome of director elections and other transactions requiring stockholder approval  .
As of September 30, 2016, our directors and executive officers beneficially own approximately 22.6% of our outstanding common stock.
In addition, one other stockholder, Interstate Battery Systems International, Inc., beneficially owns an additional 19.97%. As
a result, in addition to their board seats and offices, such persons acting together will have significant influence over corporate
actions requiring stockholder approval, including the following actions: 

to elect or defeat the election of our directors;  

to amend or prevent amendment of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws;  

to effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and  

to control the outcome of any other matter submitted to our stockholders for vote.  

Such persons 
stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our
company, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

We are an  emerging
growth company  under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to
emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors   .  We are an  emerging growth
company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 ( JOBS Act ), and we may take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging
growth companies  including, but not limited to: 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;  

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements;  

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments; and  

extended transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards.  

We have chosen to
 opt out  of the extended transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards, but
we intend to take advantage of all of the other benefits available under the JOBS Act, including the exemptions discussed above.
We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. 

We will remain an
 emerging growth company  for up to 2020, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1 billion,
if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or if the market value of our common stock that
is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30. 

Our status as
an  emerging growth company  under the JOBS Act may make it more difficult to raise capital as and when we need it   . 
Because of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an  emerging growth company,  we may
be less attractive to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may
be unable to compare our business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our reporting is not as transparent
as other companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

We have not
paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends   .  We plan to reinvest all of our earnings,
to the extent we have earnings, in order to develop our recycling centers and cover operating costs and to otherwise become and
remain competitive. We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot
assure you that we would, at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders
of our common stock as a dividend. Therefore, you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our common stock. 

Shares eligible
for future sale may adversely affect the market for our common stock   .  Of the 15,578,725 shares of our common stock
outstanding as of the date of this report, approximately 11,439,250 shares are held by  non-affiliates  and are freely
tradable without restriction pursuant to Rule 144. In addition, we have filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-3
for purposes of registering the resale of 4,431,205 share of restricted common stock sold in our May 2016 financing, including
3,009,625 shares of common stock issuable to Interstate Battery upon exercise of its warrants and conversion of its convertible
note. Any substantial sale of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 or pursuant to any resale prospectus may have a material adverse
effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Our charter
documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable   .  Provisions of our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual
or potential change in control or change in our management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive
a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. The provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

limit who may call stockholder meetings;  

do not permit stockholders to act by written consent;  

do not provide for cumulative voting rights; and  

provide that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum.  

In addition, Section
203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may limit our ability to engage in any business combination with a person who beneficially
owns 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock unless certain conditions are satisfied. This restriction lasts for a period of
three years following the share acquisition. These provisions may have the effect of entrenching our management team and may deprive
you of the opportunity to sell your shares to potential acquirers at a premium over prevailing prices. This potential inability
to obtain a control premium could reduce the price of our common stock. 

Our bylaws
designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated
by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the
Company   .  Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court
of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees
to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any our directors, officers or other employees arising
pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action
asserting a claim against us or any our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This
forum selection provision in our bylaws may limit our stockholders  ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes
with us or any our directors, officers or other employees. 

Item 6.     Exhibits  

Exhibit  
 No.  
       
      Description  
       
      Method of Filing   

3.1 
       
     First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
       
     Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 22, 2015.  

3.2 
       
     Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant 
       
     Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2015.  

3.3 
       
     Certificate of Amendment to First Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant 
       
     Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 9, 2015.  

31.1 
       
     Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

31.2 
       
     Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

32.1 
       
     Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

101.INS 
       
     XBRL Instance Document 
       
     Filed electronically herewith    

101.SCH 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

101.CAL 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

101.LAB 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

101.PRE 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

101.DEF 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   
       
     Filed electronically herewith  

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AQUA METALS, INC.   

Date: 
     November 7, 2016 
     By: 
      /s/ Stephen R. Clarke   

Stephen R. Clarke,  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: 
     November 7, 2016 
     By: 
      /s/ Thomas Murphy   

Thomas Murphy,  

Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104506_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

Section 302 Certification 

I, Stephen R. Clarke, certify that: 

1) 
     I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Aqua Metals, Inc.;  

2) 
     Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3) 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4) 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal quarter presented in this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5) 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and  

b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date: November 7, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Stephen R. Clarke  

Stephen R. Clarke, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104506_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

Section 302 Certification 

I, Thomas Murphy, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of Aqua Metals, Inc.; 

2)  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles 

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fiscal quarter presented in this report
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data information; and 

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 7, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Thomas Murphy  

Thomas Murphy, Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104506_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report
of Aqua Metals, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, Stephen R. Clarke, President and
Chief Executive Officer, and Thomas Murphy, Chief Financial Officer, of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  

2. 
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company.  

By: 
       
     /s/ Stephen R. Clarke 
       
     Dated: 
     November 7, 2016  

Stephen R. Clarke 

Title: 
       
     President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
       
     /s/ Thomas Murphy 
       
     Dated:   
     November 7, 2016  

Thomas Murphy 

Title: 
       
     Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is made solely for the
purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 aqms-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aqms-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 aqms-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aqms-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aqms-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aqms-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

