<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1594617_0001564590-16-027098_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9208937</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>170426</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>349144</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2207362</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3021978</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1926773</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027098.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102193150
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027098
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			La Quinta Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001594617
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOTELS & MOTELS [7011]
		IRS NUMBER:				901032961
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36412
		FILM NUMBER:		161969519

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 HIDDEN RIDGE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214)492-6600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		909 HIDDEN RIDGE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			IRVING
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75038

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027098.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 lq-10q_20160930.htm
 10-Q

lq-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 or 

For the transition period from                        to                        
 Commission File Number: 001-36412 
   
 La Quinta Holdings Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware  

90-1032961  

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.)  

909 Hidden Ridge, Suite 600 
 Irving, Texas 75038 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 (214) 492-6600 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)   

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 The registrant had outstanding 116,817,670 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share as of October 28, 2016. 

LA QUINTA HOLDINGS INC.  
 FORM 10-Q TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 FOR THE PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 

Page 
 No.  

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS      
 
 3  

PART I.  
 
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION      
 
 5  

Item 1.  
 
   Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of La Quinta Holdings Inc. (Unaudited)    
 
 5  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    
 
 28  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    
 
 47  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures    
 
 48  

PART II.  
 
   OTHER INFORMATION      
 
 49  

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings    
 
 49  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors    
 
 49  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    
 
 49  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities    
 
 49  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures    
 
 49  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information    
 
 50  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits    
 
 50  

2 
 
        SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FO  RWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
 In addition to historical information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may contain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which are subject to the  safe harbor  created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts included in this Form 10-Q, including statements concerning our plans, objectives, goals, beliefs, business strategies, future events, business conditions, results of operations, financial position, business outlook, business trends and other information, may be forward-looking statements. Words such as  estimates,   expects,   contemplates,   will,   anticipates,   projects,   plans,   intends,   believes,   forecasts,   may,   should  and variations of such words or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based upon our current expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections, and various assumptions, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Our expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that management s expectations, beliefs, estimates and projections will result or be achieved and actual results may vary materially from what is expressed in or indicated by the forward-looking statements. 
 There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q. Such risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ include, among others, the risks, uncertainties and factors set forth under  Risk Factors  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC, and are accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov, and also include the following: 

business, financial, and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry;     

macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for hotel rooms;     

contraction in the global economy or low levels of economic growth;     

inability to compete effectively;     

any deterioration in the quality or reputation of our brand;     

inability to develop our pipeline;     

the geographic concentration of our hotels;     

delays or increased expense relating to our efforts to develop, redevelop, sell or renovate our hotels;     

inability by us or our franchisees to make necessary investments to maintain the quality and reputation of our brand;     

inability to access capital necessary for growth;     

seasonal and cyclical volatility in the hotel industry;     

inability to maintain good relationships with our franchisees;     

inability to protect our brand standards;     

risks resulting from significant investments in owned real estate;     

failure to keep pace with developments in technology;     

failures or interruptions in, material damage to, or difficulties in updating, our information technology systems, software or websites;     

inability to protect our guests  personal information;     

failure to comply with marketing and advertising laws;     

disruptions to our reservation system;     

failure to protect our trademarks and other intellectual property;     

risks of doing business internationally;     

the loss of senior executives or key field personnel;     

the results of the audit by the Internal Revenue Service;     

 3 

our substantial indebtedness; and     

Blackstone s significant influence over us.     

 We caution you that the risks, uncertainties and other factors referenced above may not contain all of the risks, uncertainties and other factors that are important to you. In addition, we cannot assure you that we will realize the results, benefits or developments that we expect or anticipate or, even if substantially realized, that they will result in the consequences or affect us or our business in the way expected. There can be no assurance that (i) we have correctly measured or identified all of the factors affecting our business or the extent of these factors  likely impact, (ii) the available information with respect to these factors on which such analysis is based is complete or accurate, (iii) such analysis is correct or (iv) our strategy, which is based in part on this analysis, will be successful. All forward-looking statements in this report apply only as of the date of this report or as of the date they were made and, except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 All references to  we ,  us ,  our ,  the  Company  or  La Quinta  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q mean La Quinta Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. 

4 
 
        PART I FINANCI  AL INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Financial Statements    

 La Quinta Holdings Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
   
 5 
 
    La Quinta Holdings Inc.  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 
 
    La Quinta Holdings Inc.  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 
 
    La Quinta Holdings Inc.  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity (Unaudited) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 
 
    La Quinta Holdings Inc.  
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 

9 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

10 
 
    La Quinta Holdings Inc.  
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 As of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 
   
 NOTE 1. ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 Organization 
 Effective April 14, 2014 (the  IPO Effective Date ), La Quinta Holdings Inc. ( Holdings ) completed its initial public offering ( IPO ) in which Holdings issued and sold 44.0 million shares of common stock. Holdings was incorporated in the state of Delaware on December 9, 2013.  Holdings may also be referred to herein as  La Quinta ,  we ,  us ,  our , or the  Company . 
 We own and operate hotels, some of which are subject to a land lease, located in the United States under the La Quinta brand. We also franchise and, until completion of our IPO, managed hotels under the La Quinta brand, with franchised hotels currently operating in the United States ( U.S. ), Canada, Mexico, Honduras and Colombia. All new franchised hotels are La Quinta Inn   Suites in the U.S. and Canada and LQ Hotel in Mexico and in Central and South America.  As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, total owned and franchised hotels, and the approximate number of associated rooms were as follows: 

(1)  At September 30, 2016 and 2015, Owned Hotels includes nine and 24 hotels, respectively, designated as assets held for sale, which are subject to definitive purchase agreements. 
 Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all information or footnotes required by GAAP for complete annual financial statements. Although we believe the disclosures made are adequate to prevent the information presented from being misleading, these financial statements should be read in conjunction with Holdings  consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, which are included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2016. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. In our opinion, the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring items, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the interim periods. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and, accordingly, ultimate results could differ from those estimates. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of full year performance because of the impact of seasonal and short-term variations. 

NOTE 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 
 Revenue Recognition    Revenues primarily consist of room rentals, franchise fees and other hotel revenues. We defer a portion of our revenue from franchisees at the time the franchise agreement is signed and recognize the remainder upon hotel opening.  
 Room revenues are derived from room rentals at our Owned Hotels. We recognize room revenue on a daily basis based on an agreed-upon daily rate after the guest has stayed at one of our hotels. Customer incentive discounts, cash rebates, and refunds are recognized as a reduction of room revenues. Occupancy, hotel, and sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to the taxing authorities are excluded from revenues in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
   Included in franchise and other fee-based revenues are franchise fee revenues, which primarily consist of revenues from franchisees for application and initial fees, transfer fees, royalty, reservations, and training, as well as fees related to our guest loyalty program ( Returns ). We recognize franchise fee revenue on a gross basis because we (1) are the primary obligor in these arrangements,  
 11 
 
  (2) have latitude in establishing rates, (3) perform the services delivered, (4) have so  me discretion over supplier selection, and (5) determine the specification of services delivered. The different types of franchise fee revenues are described as follows:  

Upon execution of a franchise agreement, a franchisee is required to pay us an initial fee. We recognize the initial fee as revenue when substantial performance of our obligations to the franchisee with respect to the initial fee has been achieved. In most cases, the vast majority of the initial fee is recognized as revenue when each franchise agreement is signed as, after that date, our remaining obligations to the franchisee are limited to (1) pre-opening inspections, for which we defer $2,500, and (2) if mandated by us or agreed to with the franchisee, preopening training and marketing support related to entry into the La Quinta brand, for which we defer $5,000. These amounts represent an estimate of the value provided to the franchisee related to the services provided, and are based on our experience with time, materials, and third-party costs necessary to provide these services. We recognize the remaining deferred initial fee as revenue when the franchised property opens or if the agreement is terminated as the remaining service obligations have been fulfilled.     

For franchise agreements entered into prior to April 1, 2013, we collect a monthly royalty fee from franchisees generally equal to 4.0% of their room revenues until the franchisee has operated as a La Quinta hotel for twenty-four consecutive months. Beginning in the twenty-fifth month of operation, the franchisee monthly royalty fee increase to 4.5%. Pursuant to franchise agreements entered into with new U.S. franchisees on or after April 1, 2013, we collect a royalty fee from franchisees equal to 4.5% of their room revenues until the franchisee has operated as a La Quinta hotel for twenty-four consecutive months. Beginning in the twenty-fifth month of operation, the franchisee monthly royalty fee increases to 5.0%. In each of these cases, the franchisee has the opportunity to earn the additional 0.5% back via rebate by achieving certain defined customer satisfaction results. Pursuant to franchise agreements entered into with franchisees outside of the U.S. on or after April 1, 2013, we generally collect a royalty fee from franchisees equal to 4.5% of their room revenues throughout the term and do not offer a rebate.     

We receive reservation and technology fees, as well as fees related to Returns, in connection with franchising our La Quinta brand. Such fees are recognized based on a percentage of the franchisee s eligible hotel room revenues or room count. We also perform certain other services for franchisees such as training and revenue management. Revenue for these services is recognized at the time the services are performed.     

 Other hotel revenues include revenues generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for Owned Hotels and other rental income. We record rental income from operating leases associated with leasing space for restaurants, billboards, and cell towers. Rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the life of the respective lease agreement. 
 Brand marketing fund revenues from franchise properties represent fees collected from third party franchise hotels related to maintaining our Brand Marketing Fund ( BMF ). We maintain the BMF on behalf of all La Quinta branded hotel properties, including our Owned Hotels, from which marketing and advertising campaign expenses are paid. Each La Quinta branded hotel is charged a percentage of its room revenue from which the expenses of the fund are covered. The corresponding expenditures of the BMF fees collected from franchised hotels are presented as brand marketing fund expenses from franchised hotels in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, resulting in no net impact to operating income (loss) or net income (loss). 
 Lodging operations are particularly sensitive to adverse economic and competitive conditions and trends, which could adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Assets held for sale  Long-lived assets are classified as held for sale when all of the following criteria are met:   

Management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the asset and does not expect significant changes to the plan or that the plan will be withdrawn     

The asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition     

The asset is being actively marketed     

The sale of the asset is probable within one year     

   When we identify a long-lived asset as held for sale, depreciation of the asset is discontinued and the carrying value is reduced, if necessary, to the estimated sales price less costs to sell by recording a charge to current earnings. All assets held for sale are monitored through the date of sale for potential adjustments based on offers we are willing to take under serious consideration and continued review of facts and circumstances. Losses on sales are recorded to the extent that the amounts ultimately received for the sale of assets are less than the adjusted book values of the assets. Gains on sales are recognized at the time the assets are sold, provided there is  
 12 
 
  reasonable assurance the sales price will be collected and any future activities to be p  erformed by the Company relating to the assets sold are expected to be insignificant.   
 Derivative Instruments    We use derivative instruments as part of our overall strategy to manage our exposure to market risks associated with fluctuations in interest rates. We regularly monitor the financial stability and credit standing of the counterparties to our derivative instruments. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.  
 We record all derivatives at fair value. On the date the derivative contract is entered, we designate the derivative as one of the following: a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be paid ( cash flow hedge ), a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability ( fair value hedge ), or an undesignated hedge instrument. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is qualified, designated and highly effective as a cash flow hedge or net investment hedge are recorded in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) until they are reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Changes in the fair value of a derivative that is qualified, designated and highly effective as a fair value hedge, along with the gain or loss on the hedged asset or liability that is attributable to the hedged risk, are recorded in current period earnings. Changes in the fair value of undesignated derivative instruments and the ineffective portion of designated derivative instruments are reported in current period earnings. Cash flows from designated derivative financial instruments are classified within the same category as the item being hedged in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 If we determine that we qualify for and will designate a derivative as a hedging instrument at the designation date, we formally document all relationships between hedging activities, including the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes matching all derivatives that are designated as cash flow hedges to specific forecasted transactions, linking all derivatives designated as fair value hedges to specific assets and liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and determining the foreign currency exposure of net investment of the foreign operation for a net investment hedge. 
 On a quarterly basis, we assess the effectiveness of our designated hedges in offsetting the variability in the cash flows or fair values of the hedged assets or obligations via use of a statistical regression approach. Additionally, we measure ineffectiveness using the hypothetical derivative method. This method compares the cumulative change in fair value of each hedging instrument to the cumulative change in fair value of a hypothetical hedging instrument, which has terms that identically match the critical terms of the respective hedged transactions. Thus, the hypothetical hedging instrument is presumed to perfectly offset the hedged cash flows. Ineffectiveness results when the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedging instrument exceeds the cumulative change in the fair value of the hypothetical hedging instrument. We discontinue hedge accounting prospectively when the derivative is not highly effective as a hedge, the underlying hedged transaction is no longer probable, or the hedging instrument expires, is sold, terminated or exercised. 
 Equity Based Compensation    We recognize the cost of services received in an equity based payment transaction with an employee as services are received and record either a corresponding increase in equity or a liability, depending on whether the instruments granted satisfy the equity or liability classification criteria.  
 The measurement objective for these equity awards is the estimated fair value at the grant date of the equity instruments that we are obligated to issue when employees have rendered the requisite service and satisfied any other conditions necessary to earn the right to benefit from the instruments. The compensation cost for an award classified as an equity instrument is recognized ratably over the requisite service period, including an estimate of forfeitures. The requisite service period is the period during which an employee is required to provide service for an award to vest. 
 Compensation cost for awards with performance conditions is recognized over the requisite service period if it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. If such performance conditions are not considered probable until they occur, no compensation expense for these awards is recognized. 
   Income Taxes     We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings during the period in which the new rate is enacted.     For financial reporting purposes, income tax expense or benefit is based on reported financial accounting income or loss before non-controlling interests and income taxes related to our taxable subsidiaries.   
 We evaluate the probability of realizing the future benefits of deferred tax assets and provide a valuation allowance for the portion of any deferred tax assets where the likelihood of realizing an income tax benefit in the future does not meet the more-likely-than-not criteria for recognition. 
 13 
 
    We recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the a  mount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. We accrue interest and, if applicable, penalties for any uncertain   tax positions. Our policy is to classify interest and penalties as a component of income tax expense. The Company has open   tax years dating back to 2010.  
  Newly Issued Accounting Standards  
 In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) - Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments: A Consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force. The amendments provide guidance on eight specific cash flow classification issues: debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate and bank-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which changes the methodology for measuring credit losses on financial instruments and the timing of when such losses are recorded. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The new guidance on revenue from contracts with customers will supersede most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The underlying principle is that an entity will recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. Other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of time value of money in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. The guidance also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity s contracts with customers. The guidance is effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017; early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The guidance permits the use of either a retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the impact of the amended guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The guidance is effective for the interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for the interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and related disclosures. 
      Newly Adopted Accounting Standards  
   In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, which requires management to evaluate, at each  
 14 
 
  annual and interim reporting period, whether there are conditions or events that raise   substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued and provide related disclosures. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016 and   interim periods thereafter.   We adopted this standard on January 1, 2016.  This adoption   did not have an effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial position.  
 In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. The amendments in this update provide guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the update specifies that the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. The update further specifies that the customer should account for a cloud computing arrangement as a service contract if the arrangement does not include a software license. ASU No. 2015-05 is effective for the Company for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this update as of January 1, 2016 on a retrospective basis.  For the three and nine months ended, September 30, 2015, we reclassified $2.1 million and $6.1 million of expense from depreciation and amortization to general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. A corresponding reclassification was made in our consolidated statement of cash flows between depreciation and amortization and change in other current assets. Additionally, cash payments in the amount of $1.0 million and  $7.6 million for software service agreements associated with cloud computing arrangements, which were classified as capital expenditures for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, have been reclassified as a change in other current assets in our consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 From time to time, new accounting standards are issued by FASB or other standards setting bodies, which we adopt as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, we believe the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 
   
 NOTE 3. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE 
 During the third quarter of 2015, 24 of our hotels and one additional restaurant parcel were classified as assets held for sale. The sale of these assets does not represent a major strategic shift and does not qualify for discontinued operations reporting.  During the fourth quarter of 2015, 11 of these hotels were sold for $34.1 million, net of transaction costs. During the second quarter of 2016, three of these hotels were sold for $9.1 million, net of transaction costs. During the third quarter of 2016, seven of these hotels were sold for $17.4 million, net of transaction costs. The remaining three hotels were sold subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2016 for $8.0 million, net of transaction costs.  
 During the first quarter of 2016, one additional hotel was classified as an asset held for sale. The sale of this hotel closed in the second quarter of 2016 for $8.4 million, net of transaction costs. Another hotel was identified and sold during the second quarter of 2016 for $4.6 million, net of transaction costs. These two hotel transactions resulted in a gain on sale of $0.7 million.  
 During the second quarter of 2016, three additional hotels were classified as assets held for sale. The sale of two of these hotels closed in the third quarter of 2016 for $7.3 million, net of transaction costs.  
 During the third quarter of 2016, five additional hotels were classified as available for sale. One of these hotels was sold subsequent to the end of the third quarter of 2016 for $5.9 million, net of transaction costs. The remaining four hotels are expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2016. Another hotel was identified and sold during the third quarter of 2016 for $7.7 million, net of transaction costs and resulted in a gain on sale of $2.0 million.  
   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the carrying amounts of the major classes of assets for assets held for sale were as follows: 

15 
 
    NOTE 4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  
 The following is a summary of property and equipment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was $36.0 million and $42.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was $110.9 million and $126.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Construction in progress includes capitalized costs for ongoing projects that have not yet been put into service. 
   
 NOTE 5. LONG-TERM DEBT 
 Long-term debt as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we made quarterly scheduled principal payments of $13.1 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we made a voluntary principal prepayment of $135.0 million and quarterly scheduled principal payments totaling $13.3 million.     

16 
 
    Term Facility  
 On April 14, 2014, Holdings  wholly owned subsidiary, La Quinta Intermediate Holdings L.L.C. (the  Borrower ), entered into a new credit agreement (the  Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ( JPM ), as administrative agent, collateral agent, swingline lender and L/C issuer, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner   Smith Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners, and the other agents and lenders from time to time party thereto. 
 The credit agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities (collectively the  Senior Facilities ) consisting of: 

$2.1 billion senior secured term loan facility (the  Term Facility ), which will mature in 2021; and     

$250 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the  Revolving Facility ), $50 million of which is available in the form of letters of credit, which will mature in 2019.     

 Interest Rate and Fees  Borrowings under the Term Facility bear interest, at the Borrower s option, at a rate equal to a margin over either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the JPM prime lending rate, (2) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and (3) the adjusted LIBOR rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% or (b) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the Reuters LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing. The margin for the Term Facility is 2.00%, in the case of base rate loans, and 3.00%, in the case of LIBOR rate loans, subject to one step-down of 0.25% upon the achievement of a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio (as defined in the Agreement) of less than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00, subject to a base rate floor of 2.00% and a LIBOR floor of 1.00%.  As of July 31, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 4.50 to 1.00, and, as a result we realized the step-down of 0.25% after that date.  
 Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest, at the Borrower s option, at a rate equal to a margin over either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the JPM prime lending rate, (2) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and (3) the adjusted LIBOR rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% or (b) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the Reuters LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing. The margin for the Revolving Facility is 1.50%, in the case of base rate loans, and 2.50%, in the case of LIBOR rate loans, subject to three step-downs of 0.25% each upon the achievement of a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than or equal to 5.00 to 1.00, 4.50 to 1.00 and 4.00 to 1.00, respectively. As of March 2, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 5.00 to 1.00, and after March 2, 2015 we realized the first step-down in margin of 0.25%. As of July 31, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 4.50 to 1.00, and, as a result we realized the second step-down of 0.25% after that date. 
 In addition, the Borrower is required to pay a commitment fee to the lenders under the Revolving Facility in respect of the unutilized commitments thereunder. The commitment fee rate is 0.50% per annum subject to a step-down to 0.375%, upon achievement of a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio less than or equal to 5.00 to 1.00. As of March 2, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 5.00 to 1.00, and after March 2, 2015, the commitment fee rate is 0.375%. The Borrower is also required to pay customary letter of credit fees. 
 Amortization  Beginning September 2014, the Borrower was required to repay installments on the Term Facility in quarterly installments equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount less any voluntary prepayments on the Term Facility, with the remaining amount payable on the applicable maturity date with respect to the Term Facility.  
 The Senior Facilities contain certain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. If an event of default occurs, the lenders under the Senior Facilities will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under the Senior Facilities and actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Senior Facilities. 
  Letters of Credit  
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we have $12.6 million and $14.6 million, respectively, in letters of credit obtained through our Revolving Facility. We were required to pay a fee of 2.63% per annum related to these letters of credit. As of March 2, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 5.00 to 1.00, and after March 2, 2015 we realized the first step-down in rate of 0.25%, resulting in a reduction of the per annum fee to 2.38%. 
 17 
 
    Interest Expense, Net  
 Net interest expense, including the impact of our interest rate swap (see Note 6), consisted of the following for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

NOTE 6. DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, derivatives were used to hedge the interest rate risk associated with our variable-rate debt. 
  Term Facility Interest Rate Swap  
 On April 14, 2014, the Borrower entered into an interest rate swap agreement with an aggregate notional amount of $850.0 million that expires on April 14, 2019. This agreement swaps the LIBOR rate in effect under the new credit agreement for this portion of the loan to a fixed-rate of 2.0311%, which includes a 1.00% LIBOR floor. Management has elected to designate this interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. 
  Fair Value of Derivative Instruments  
 The effects of our derivative instruments on our condensed consolidated balance sheets were as follows: 

Earnings Effect of Derivative Instruments  
 The effects of our derivative instruments on our condensed consolidated statements of operations and condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), net of the effect for income taxes, were as follows: 

(1)        
 
 There were no amounts recognized in earnings related to hedge ineffectiveness or amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness testing during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.     

18 

NOTE 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
 The carrying amount and estimated fair values of our financial assets and liabilities, which include related current portions, were as follows: 

(1)        
 
 Classified as Level 1 under the fair value hierarchy.    

(2)       
 
 Classified as Level 2 under the fair value hierarchy.    

(3)       
 
 Classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy.    

  (4)        Carrying amount includes deferred debt issuance costs of $19.4 million and $22.4 million as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
   
 We believe the carrying amounts of our cash and cash equivalents approximated fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, as applicable. Our estimates of the fair values were determined using available market information and valuation methods appropriate in the circumstances. Considerable judgment is necessary to interpret market data and develop estimated fair values. Proper placement of fair value measurements within the valuation hierarchy is considered each reporting period. The use of different market assumptions or estimation methods may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. 
 The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each instrument. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the agreements, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including forward interest rate curves. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. 
 We estimate the fair value of our long-term debt using discounted cash flow analysis based on current market inputs for similar types of arrangements. The primary sensitivity in these calculations is based on the selection of appropriate discount rates. We estimated the discount rates to be approximately 3.8% and 4.4%, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Fluctuations in these assumptions will result in different estimates of fair value. 
 We test long-lived assets for impairment if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The following fair value hierarchy table presents information about assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and related impairment charges during the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

24 Owned Hotels identified for sale in 2015  
 19 
 
    During 2015, we identified a portfolio of 24 hotels where it became more likely than not the hotels would be   sold significantly before the end of the previously estimated useful life. We recorded an impairment charge of $42.7 million to adjust the carrying value of these assets to their estimated fair value. The inputs used in determining the fair value for thes  e 24 hotels were based on estimated selling prices ranging from $70.0 million to $75.0 million. During the third quarter of 2015, these assets met the criteria for classification as assets held for sale. In 2015, 11 of these hotels were sold for $34.1 mill  ion, net of transaction costs. During the second quarter of 2016, three of these hotels were sold for $9.1 million, net of transaction costs. During the third quarter of 2016, seven of these hotels were sold for $17.4 million, net of transaction costs.   The   remaining     three   hotel  s   w  ere   sold subsequent to   the   end   of the third quarter   for $  8  .0   million, net of transaction costs.   
  Restaurant Parcel identified for sale in 2015  
 In 2015, we identified a restaurant parcel for which it became more likely than not the restaurant parcel would be sold significantly before the end of the previously estimated useful life. We recorded an impairment charge of $1.6 million to adjust the carrying value of this restaurant parcel to its estimated fair value. During the third quarter of 2015, this restaurant parcel met the criteria for classification as assets held for sale. The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The inputs used in determining the fair value these assets are based on estimated selling price, less transaction costs. 
  Approximately 50 Owned Hotels identified as candidates for sale in 2016    
 In the first quarter of 2016, we identified approximately 50 hotels where it became more likely than not that the holding period will be significantly shorter than the previously estimated useful lives. We recorded an impairment charge of $80.3 million in the first quarter of 2016, to adjust the carrying value of these assets to the lesser of their estimated fair value or carrying value. These assets did not meet the criteria for classification as assets held for sale as of the date of impairment.  The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The inputs used in determining the fair value of these approximately 50 hotels are based on multiples of room revenues ranging from 3.70 to 1.50 for the identified assets. 
 During the second quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell four of the approximately 50 hotels identified in the first quarter of 2016.  One of the four hotels was sold in the second quarter for $4.6 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $0.4 million.  The remaining three hotels met the criteria for assets held for sale as of June 30, 2016. We recorded an additional impairment charge of $0.6 million to adjust the carrying value of these three owned hotels to their estimated fair value including a reduction for transaction costs, with a resulting fair value of approximately $10.4 million. The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The inputs used in determining the fair value of these assets are based on estimated selling price, less transaction costs. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold two of the three hotels identified as assets held for sale for approximately $7.3 million. 
 Additionally, during the third quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell two of the approximately 50 hotels identified in the first quarter of 2016. We recorded an additional impairment charge of $0.4 million to adjust the carrying value of these two owned hotels to their estimated fair value including a reduction for transaction costs, with a resulting fair value of approximately $8.6 million.  The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The inputs used in determining the fair value of these assets are based on estimated selling price, less transaction costs.  
 As of September 30, 2016, of the approximately 50 hotels identified as candidates for sale in the first quarter of 2016, we have sold three hotels and have three hotels in assets held for sale.     
  Additional Hotel Sales  
 During the first quarter of 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell one of our Owned Hotels located in Orlando, Florida for approximately $8.0 million, net of estimated transaction costs. We recorded an impairment charge of $3.0 million to adjust the carrying value of this hotel to its estimated fair value. During the first quarter of 2016, this hotel met the criteria for classification within assets held for sale and was sold in the second quarter of 2016 for approximately $8.4 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $0.3 million. 
   In June of 2016, we began negotiations to sell two of our Owned Hotels, located in Elmsford, New York and Wayne, New Jersey. As such, it became more likely than not that the holding period for these hotels will be significantly shorter than the previously estimated useful lives. During the second quarter of 2016, we recorded an impairment charge of $13.7 million to adjust the carrying value of these hotels to their estimated fair value.  These hotels did not meet the criteria for classification as assets held for sale as of June 30, 2016. During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell these two hotels for $18.4 million, net of transaction costs.  We recorded an additional impairment charge of $0.5 million to adjust the carrying value of these hotels to their estimated fair value including a reduction for transaction costs. The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement  
 20 
 
  hierarchy. During the third quarter of 2016, these hotels met the criteria for classification as assets held for sale. The inputs used in determining the fair value of these assets are based on estimated selling pr  ice, less transaction costs.  
 During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell two of our Owned Hotels, both located in the Houston, Texas area.  One of the two hotels was sold in the third quarter for $7.7 million, resulting in a gain on sale of $2.0 million.  The remaining hotel met the criteria for assets held for sale as of September 30, 2016, with a fair value of $3.6 million.  The inputs used in determining the fair value of these assets are based on estimated selling price, less transaction costs. 
  Additional Impairment  
   Additionally, during the second quarter of 2016, we identified a hotel where it became more likely than not that the carrying amount would not be recoverable due to a change in market and economic conditions. We recor  ded an impairment charge of $1.0 million to adjust the carrying value of this hotel to its estimated fair value. The fair value estimate is considered to be Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The inputs used in determining the fair value are based on a combination of historical and projected cash flows and other available market information, such as recent sales prices for similar assets. 
   
 NOTE 8. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 Prior to the IPO Effective Date, Holdings and predecessor entities were owned and controlled by Blackstone Real Estate Partners IV L.P. and affiliates ( BREP IV ) and Blackstone Real Estate Partners V L.P. and affiliates ( BREP V ). BREP IV and BREP V are affiliates of The Blackstone Group L.P. (collectivity, the  Funds  or  Blackstone ). In connection with the IPO, the Funds and other pre-IPO owners contributed their equity interests in the predecessor entities to Holdings in exchange for an aggregate of 81.06 million shares of common stock of Holdings. Holdings then transferred such equity interests to its wholly-owned subsidiary which pledged these interests as security for borrowings under a new credit agreement. 
 In November 2014 and in April 2015, Blackstone completed two secondary offerings in which it registered and sold 23.0 million and 23.9 million shares of Holdings common stock, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, Blackstone beneficially owned 30.1% of Holdings  common shares outstanding.   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximately $83.6 million and $41.6 million, respectively, of the aggregate principal amount of our Term Facility was owned by affiliates of Blackstone. We make periodic interest and principal payments on such debt in accordance with its terms. 
 We engaged Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P. to provide certain financial consulting services in connection with the public offering of our common stock by certain stockholders in April 2015 for a fee of approximately $0.4 million. 
 We also purchase products and services from entities affiliated with or owned by Blackstone. The fees paid for these products and services were approximately $0.9 million and $0.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The fees paid for these products and services were approximately $3.1 million and $2.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
   
 NOTE 9. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 Environmental    We are subject to certain requirements and potential liabilities under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations. Such requirements often impose liability without regard to whether the current or previous owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Although we have incurred and expect to incur remediation and other environmental costs during the ordinary course of operations, we anticipate that such costs will not have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.  
   Litigation    On April 25, 2016, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit, captioned Beisel v. La Quinta Holdings Inc. et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Company s March 24, 2015 secondary public offering (the  March Secondary Offering ) and on behalf of purchasers of the Company s common stock from November 19, 2014 through October 29, 2015 (the  Class Period ).  On July 22, 2016, the court appointed lead plaintiff, and on September 30, 2016, lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint.  The amended complaint names as defendants the Company, certain current and former Company officers, and certain current and former members of the Board of Directors, among others.  The complaint alleges, among other things, that, in violation of the federal securities laws, the registration statement and prospectus filed in connection with the March Secondary Offering contained materially false and misleading information or omissions and that the Company as well as certain current and former officers made false and misleading statements in earnings releases and to analysts during the Class Period.  Plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other relief.  The   
 21 
 
  Company believes that the putative class action lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously; however, there can be no assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit.  
 In addition, we are a party to a number of pending claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings involving tort and other general liability claims, workers  compensation and other employee claims and intellectual property claims. We do not consider our ultimate liability with respect to any such claims or lawsuits, or the aggregate of such claims and lawsuits, to be material in relation to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or our cash flows taken as a whole. 
 We maintain general and other liability insurance; however, certain costs of defending lawsuits, such as those below the retention or insurance deductible amount, are not covered by or are only partially covered by insurance policies, and our insurance carriers could refuse to cover certain claims in whole or in part. We regularly evaluate our ultimate liability costs with respect to such claims and lawsuits. We accrue costs from litigation as they become probable and estimable. 
 Casualty Losses    We maintain insurance for property and casualty damage, subject to deductibles and policy terms and conditions, attributable to wind, flood, and earthquakes. We also maintain business interruption insurance.  
 Tax Contingencies    We are subject to regular audits by federal and state tax authorities. These audits may result in additional tax liabilities. The Internal Revenue Service (the  IRS ) is currently auditing the tax returns of La Quinta Corporation, one of our former REITs prior to the Pre-IPO Transactions, and BRE/LQ Operating Lessee Inc., one of our former taxable REIT subsidiaries prior to the Pre-IPO Transactions, in each case for the tax years ended December 31, 2010 and 2011. We received a draft notice of proposed adjustment from the IRS on January 9, 2014, and the notice of proposed adjustment was issued to us on June 2, 2014. We submitted a timely response to the notice of proposed adjustment and, on July 7, 2014, we received an IRS 30-Day Letter proposing to impose a 100% tax on the REIT totaling $158 million for the periods under audit in which the IRS has asserted that the rent charged for these periods under the lease of hotel properties from the REIT to the taxable REIT subsidiary exceeded an arm s length rent. In addition, the IRS proposed to eliminate $89 million of net operating loss carryforwards for the taxable REIT subsidiary for the tax years 2006 through 2009; however, in an IRS rebuttal received on September 26, 2014, the IRS conceded its proposed adjustment on this point was incorrect. We disagree with the IRS  position with respect to rents charged by the REIT to its taxable REIT subsidiary and have appealed the proposed tax and adjustments to the IRS Appeals Office. In determining amounts payable by our taxable REIT subsidiary under the lease, we engaged a third party to prepare a transfer pricing study contemporaneous with the lease which concluded that the lease terms were consistent with an arm s length rent as required by relevant provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Internal Revenue Code ) and applicable Treasury Regulations. Attorneys and others representing the Company conducted preliminary discussions regarding the appeal with the IRS Appeals Office team on March 31, 2015 and April 1, 2015. In response to a supplemental analysis submitted by the IRS economist to the Appeals Officer and provided to us on August 18, 2015, we submitted responses dated September 3, 2015 and October 1, 2015.  Our discussions with the Appeals Officer are ongoing.  We believe the IRS transfer pricing methodologies applied in the audits contain flaws and that the IRS proposed tax and adjustments are inconsistent with U.S. transfer pricing principles and the U.S. federal tax laws related to REITs. We have concluded that the positions reported on our tax returns under audit by the IRS are, based on their technical merits, more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2016, we have not established any reserves related to this proposed adjustment or any other issues reflected on the returns under examination.  
   
 On November 25, 2014, we were notified that the IRS intended to examine the tax returns of the same entities subject to the 2010 and 2011 audit in each case for the tax years ended December 31, 2012 and 2013. Although we have not received a notice of proposed adjustment for 2012 or 2013, we believe it is reasonable to expect the IRS to propose transfer pricing adjustments for these tax years similar in principle to those made for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2011. Due to lease amendments made effective with the lease renewal on February 1, 2012, we would expect any proposed adjustments for 2012 and 2013 to be significantly less than the adjustments proposed for 2010 and 2011. 
 Purchase Commitments    As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately $32.1 million of purchase commitments primarily related to certain continuing redevelopment and renovation projects and information technology enhancements.  
 Franchise Commitments    Under certain franchise agreements, we are committed to provide certain incentive payments, reimbursements, rebates, and other payments to help defray certain costs. Our obligation to fund these commitments is contingent upon certain conditions set forth in the respective franchise agreement. The franchise agreements generally require that, in the event that the franchise relationship is terminated, the franchisee is required to repay any outstanding balance plus any unamortized portion of any incentive payment. As of September 30, 2016, we had $15.3 million in outstanding commitments owed to various franchisees for such financial assistance.  
 22 
 
    NOTE 10. INCOME TAXES  
 The Company recorded a provision for federal, state and foreign income tax expense of approximately $19.4 million and income tax benefit of $1.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded a provision for federal, state and foreign income expense of approximately $15.4 million and $17.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The provision for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, differs from the statutory federal tax rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state income taxes and, for 2015, the impact of certain equity compensation charges that are not deductible for income tax purposes. 
   
 NOTE 11. EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION 
 We issue time-vesting restricted stock awards ( RSAs ), time-vesting restricted stock units ( RSUs), and performance-based restricted stock units ( PSUs ). 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized compensation expense of $3.7 million and $10.8 million, respectively, excluding related taxes. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized compensation expense of $6.2 million and $19.2 million, respectively, excluding related taxes. Unrecognized compensation expense as of September 30, 2016 was $17.3 million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.5 years.  
 As of  September 30, 2016 , there were 11.2 million shares of common stock available for future issuance under our Amended and Restated 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan,  including shares issuable pursuant to the units granted under our restricted stock unit awards.  
 RSAs    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 0.7 million RSAs with a weighted average grant date fair value of $11.66 per share, which generally vest in equal annual installments over three years from the date of grant.  
 RSUs    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued 0.1 million RSUs with a weighted average grant date fair value of $11.48 per unit, which generally vest in equal annual installments over three years from the date of grant.  Vested RSUs are settled for our common stock.   
 PSUs    During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we issued PSUs that would result in 0.4 million shares being issued at target value to certain of our employees. The performance period for PSUs is generally three years.  The calculation of the value of the units granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is based solely on our total shareholder return ( TSR ) relative to the Relative Shareholder Return. The number of common shares issued in exchange for each PSU at the end of the performance period is determined based on defined target amounts for Relative Shareholder Return. Possible payout multiples range from 33% of target, which represents the threshold and below which no payout is given, and 200% of target, which represents the maximum payout. Vested PSUs are settled with shares of our common stock.   
 The weighted average grant date fair value of the PSUs granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $12.18 per unit, which was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model with the following assumptions: 

(1)        
 
 Expected volatility is calculated as the average of the long-term historical volatility based on the peer companies and our implied volatility.    

(2)       
 
 At the time of the PSU grant, we had no foreseeable plans to pay dividends during the expected term of these performance shares.    

(3)       
 
 Based on the yields of U.S. Department of Treasury instruments with similar expected lives.    

(4)        
 
 As of the grant date.    

NOTE 12. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding plus other potentially dilutive securities. Dilutive securities include equity based awards issued under long-term incentive plans. 
 23 
 
    The ca  lculations of basic and diluted     earnings   (loss)   per share are as follows:  

For both the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016, approximately 0.7 million shares were excluded from the computation of diluted shares, as their impact would have been anti-dilutive.  For the three and nine month period ended September 30, 2015, an immaterial amount of shares were anti-dilutive. 
     During March 2016, the   Company's board of directors authorized a program to repurchase an aggregate of up to $100 million of the Company s common stock (the  Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, these repurchases could be made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise, including pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, at prices that the Company deemed appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the Company's sole discretion. The Repurchase Program did not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and the program could be suspended or discontinued at any time.  
 The Repurchase Program was completed in May 2016. The Company repurchased 8.1 million shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of $12.27 per share, for an aggregate purchase price, including commissions, of $100.0 million.  The shares repurchased through the Repurchase Program represented approximately 6.6% of the Company's total shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2015. The shares of common stock that were repurchased were placed in treasury stock. 

NOTE 13. SEGMENTS 
 Our operating segments are components of the business which are managed discretely and for which discrete financial information is reviewed regularly by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, to assess performance and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. Our operating and reportable segments are defined as follows: 

Owned hotels   This segment derives its earnings from the operation of owned hotel properties located in the United States.     

Franchise and management   This segment derives its earnings primarily from revenues earned under various franchise and management agreements relating to our owned and franchise hotels, which provide for us to earn compensation for the licensing of our brand to franchisees, as well as for services rendered, such as hotel management and providing access to certain shared services and marketing programs such as reservations, Returns, and property management systems.     

 Corporate and other includes revenues generated and operating expenses incurred in connection with the overall support and brand management of our owned, managed, and franchised hotels and operations. 
 The performance of our operating segments is evaluated primarily based upon Adjusted EBITDA. We define Adjusted EBITDA as our net (loss) income (exclusive of non-controlling interests) before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), and depreciation and amortization, further adjusted to exclude certain items, including, but not limited to: gains, losses, and expenses in connection with: (i) asset dispositions; (ii) debt modifications/retirements; (iii) non-cash impairment charges; (iv) discontinued operations; (v) equity based compensation and (vi) other items. 
 24 
 
    The table below shows summarized consolidated financial information by segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

(1)       
 
 This segment includes intercompany fees which are charged to our owned hotels to reflect that certain functions, such as licensing and management, are included in the franchise and management segment. We charge a franchise fee of 4.5% of gross room revenues and a management fee of 2.5% of gross operating revenue for our owned hotels. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(2)       
 
 Includes revenues related to our brand management programs and other cost reimbursements. The portions of these fees that are charged to our owned hotels totaled $18.8 million and $20.0 million for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $55.3 million and $58.3 million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This includes a reservation fee of 2.0% of gross room revenues, which is reflected in corporate and other. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(3)       
 
 Includes management, license, franchise, BMF, Returns, reservation fees and other cost reimbursements totaling $37.4 million and $39.3 million for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $109.2 million and $113.5 million for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

 25 
 
    The table below provides a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to EBITDA and EBITDA to net income (loss) attributable to La Quinta Hold  ings  stockholders for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  ,     Adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA should not be considered an alternative to net income (loss) or other measures of financial performance or liquidity derived in accordance   with GAAP  :  

(1)    
 
   We adopted ASU No. 2015-05 as of January 1, 2016. Accordingly, amortization of software service agreements in the amount of $2.1 million and $6.1 million, which was classified as depreciation and amortization for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, has been reclassified to general and administrative in our consolidated statement of operations.  See Note 2 for additional information.    

(2)    
 
   Includes cash and non-cash charges related to the departure of the Company s former President and Chief Executive Officer.    

(3)    
 
   Other gains (losses), net primarily consist of net income (loss) attributable to the BMF (which, over time, runs at a break-even level, but may reflect a profit or loss from period to period), secondary offering costs, IRS legal defense costs, severance costs and litigation reserve adjustments.    

 The following table presents assets for our reportable segments, reconciled to consolidated amounts as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

26 

The following table presents capital expenditures for our reportable segments, reconciled to our consolidated amounts for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)    
 
   We adopted ASU No. 2015-05 as of January 1, 2016. Accordingly, cash payments of software service agreements in the amount of $7.6 million, which were classified as capital expenditures in corporate and other for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, have been reclassified as a change in other current assets in our consolidated statement of cash flows.  See Note 2 for additional information.    

 ************ 
   
 27 

Item 2.    
 
          Management s Discussion and Analysis of   Financial Condition and Resul  ts of Operations     

 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the  Risk Factors  section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 (the  2015 Form 10-K ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), as such risk factors may be updated from time to time in our periodic filings with the SEC. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. You should carefully read  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Our business 
 We are a leading owner, operator and franchisor of select-service hotels primarily serving the midscale and upper-midscale segments under the La Quinta brand. All new franchised hotels in the U.S. and Canada are La Quinta Inn   Suites. Building on this strong brand identity, in the second quarter of 2016, we converted all Mexico locations to the  LQ Hotel  mark as the primary hotel identifier, with the  La Quinta  tag line. All new franchised locations in Mexico and in Central and South America will now use  LQ Hotel  as their primary mark. Our system-wide portfolio, as of September 30, 2016, consisted of 893 hotels representing approximately 88,000 rooms located predominantly across 48 U.S. states, as well as in Canada, Mexico, Honduras and Colombia, of which 326 hotels were owned and operated and 567 were franchised. We also have a pipeline of 239 franchised hotels in the United States, Mexico, Colombia, Nicaragua, Guatemala, Chile and El Salvador. We primarily derive our revenues from owned hotel operations and fees generated from franchised hotels. 
 All of our long-lived assets are located in the United States and, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we derived over 99% of our revenue from within the United States. 
 In 2016, the Company is focusing on key strategic priorities designed to (1) Drive consistency in our product, (2) Drive consistency in the delivery of an outstanding guest experience, and (3) Drive engagement with our brand by investing in points of differentiation.  Our current strategic initiatives in support of these priorities are centered around (1) a comprehensive strategic review of our owned hotel portfolio to evaluate the position of each hotel within our brand, (2) identifying and testing enhancements to the hotel operating model for our owned hotels, and (3) delivering enhancements to the La Quinta Returns loyalty program.  Possible outcomes from the evaluations of our owned hotel portfolio include, but are not limited to, improving a hotel through a significant renovation, or disposing of the hotel and/or removing it from the La Quinta brand and opening the market up to potential new franchise development. 
 Segments 
 Our operating segments are components of the business which are managed discretely and for which discrete financial information is reviewed regularly by our Chief Executive Officer, who is our chief operating decision maker, to assess performance and make decisions regarding the allocation of resources. We define our reportable segments as follows: 

Owned Hotels   This segment derives its earnings from the operation of owned hotel properties located in the United States.     

Franchise and management   This segment derives its earnings primarily from fees earned under various license and franchise hotel agreements relating to our owned and franchised hotels. These agreements provide for us to earn compensation for the licensing of our brand to franchisees, for providing certain services (including hotel management services) and for providing access to certain shared services and marketing programs such as reservations, La Quinta Returns, and property management systems. We do not currently generate, and did not generate over the periods presented, any revenue from the management of hotel operations for third parties. This segment includes intercompany fees, which are charged to our owned portfolio to reflect that certain functions, such as franchise, licensing and management, are included in the franchise and management segment. Franchise agreements with our owned hotels provide for a franchise fee of 4.5% of gross room revenues and a management fee of 2.5% of gross operating revenue for our owned hotels. We set the franchise fee on a basis that reflects the services and rights covered by the franchise agreements and because, as a public company with two segments that may be valued differently by investors, we believe it is meaningful to investors to show a franchise fee on our owned portfolio that is consistent with the franchise fee we charge our franchisees. We set the management fee on a basis that reflects current market rates for select service hotels, and the current composition of our owned portfolio and the services to be provided. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.     

   Our segment information also reflects corporate and other, which includes revenues generated by and related to operating expenses incurred in connection with the overall support and brand management of our owned, managed and franchised hotels and  
 28 
 
  operations. The franchise   agreements with our owned h  otels also include   a reservation fee of 2.0% of gross room revenues, which is reflected in corporate and other  .     
 We have a business model that involves both ownership of properties and franchising of third-party owned properties. This provides us with diversified revenue and income streams that balance both the advantages and risks associated with these lines of business. 
 As an owner of hotels, we can capture the full benefit of increases in operating profits during periods of increasing demand or ADR. The cost structure of our typical hotel is more fixed than variable, so as demand and ADR increase over time, the pace of increase in operating profits typically is higher than the pace of increase of revenues. Hotel ownership is, however, more capital intensive than granting franchise agreements to third-party hotel owners, as we are responsible for the costs and capital expenditures for our Owned Hotels. The profits realized by us in our Owned Hotels segment are generally more significantly affected by economic downturns and declines in revenues than the results of our Franchise hotels. See also   Key components and factors affecting our results of operations Expenses  and  Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
 As a franchisor of hotels, growth in the number of franchised hotels and earnings from franchises typically results in higher overall returns on invested capital because the capital required to build and maintain franchised hotels is typically provided by the owner of the respective property with minimal or no capital required by us, as franchisor. During periods of increasing demand, we do not, however, share in most of the benefits of increases in profits from franchised hotels because franchisees do not pay us fees based on profits. A principal component of our current growth strategy is to focus our expansion on our franchise business. 
 For purposes of this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  the following table sets forth the number of owned and franchised La Quinta branded hotels as of September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

(1)    
 
   Owned Hotels includes 18 properties that are subject to ground leases; we include these 18 properties as  Owned Hotels  throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Owned Hotels also includes one hotel owned via a joint venture in which we have a controlling interest. At September 30, 2016 and 2015, Owned Hotels includes nine and 24 hotels, respectively, designated as assets held for sale, which are subject to definitive purchase agreements.    

(2)    
 
   At September 30, 2016 and 2015, Franchised Hotels includes eight and two hotels, respectively, that are temporary franchise agreements related to owned hotels that are in the process of exiting the system.    

 The following table summarizes our owned, franchised and managed hotels as of September 30, 2016 and 2015: 

29 

(1)    
 
   Of the nine Owned Hotels designated as assets held for sale as of September 30, 2016, three are  La Quinta Inn   Suites (interior corridor), two are La Quinta Inns (interior corridor) and four are La Quinta Inns (exterior corridor).   Of the 24 Owned Hotels designated as assets held for sale as of September 30, 2015, five are La Quinta Inn   Suites (interior corridor), seven are La Quinta Inns (interior corridor) and 12 are La Quinta Inns (exterior corridor).    

 Seasonality 
 The hotel industry is seasonal in nature. Generally, our revenues are greater in the second and third quarters than in the first and fourth quarters. The timing of holidays can also impact our quarterly results. The periods during which our properties experience higher revenues vary from property to property and depend principally upon location. This seasonality can be expected to cause quarterly fluctuations in revenue, profit margins and net earnings. Additionally, our quarterly results may be further affected by the timing of certain of our marketing production expenditures. Further, the timing of opening of newly constructed or franchised hotels and the timing of any hotel acquisitions or dispositions may cause a variation of revenue and earnings from quarter to quarter. 
 Inflation 
 We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business during the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. Although we believe that increases in the rate of inflation will generally result in comparable increases in hotel room rates, severe inflation could contribute to a slowing of the U.S. economy. Such a slowdown could result in a reduction in room rates and occupancy levels, negatively impacting our revenues and net income. 
 Key components and factors affecting our results of operations 
 Revenues 
 We primarily derive our revenues from the following sources: 

Room revenues.   Represents revenues derived from hotel operations at owned hotels which are almost exclusively driven by room rentals. These revenues are primarily derived from three categories of guests: leisure, corporate and group.     

Franchise fees.   Represents revenues derived from franchise fees received in connection with the franchising of our brand, and other revenue generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for franchised hotels. Franchise fees consist of an initial fee upon the entry of a new hotel into the system and a monthly royalty fee, generally calculated as a percentage of gross room revenue. As new franchised hotels are established in our franchise system, we expect the franchise fees received from such hotels to increase over time as they establish their presence in the marketplace and stabilize their operations. If a franchise property changes owners, we generally charge a transfer fee.     

Management fees.   Represents revenues derived from management fees received in connection with the management of day-to-day hotel operations, and other revenue generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for managed properties. Management fees are generally calculated as a percentage of gross room revenue.      

Other hotel revenues.   Other hotel revenues include revenues generated by the incidental support of hotel operations for owned hotels, including charges to guests for vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue, laundry services, and other rental income from operating leases associated with leasing space for restaurants, billboards and cell towers.     

Brand marketing fund revenues from franchised and managed properties  . These revenues represent the fees collected from our franchised and managed hotels related to our Brand Marketing Fund ( BMF ), which are calculated as a percentage of gross room revenues. The corresponding expenses are presented as other expenses from franchised and managed properties in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, resulting in no impact to operating income or net income.      

 Consumer demand for our services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy on both a national and regional basis and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Declines in consumer demand due to adverse general economic conditions, risks affecting or reducing travel patterns, lower consumer confidence and adverse political conditions can lower the revenues and profitability of our owned hotels and the amount of franchise fee revenues we are able to generate from our franchised hotels. As a result, changes in consumer demand and general business cycles can subject, and have subjected, our revenues to significant volatility. See  Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
 The downturn in the oil and gas industry has significantly affected demand in markets defined by Smith Travel Research ( STR ), a primary source for third-party market data and industry statistics and forecasts, as  oil tracts,  significantly affecting our business in those markets, and a further decline could further affect our business in those markets. 
 30 
 
    In addition to general economic conditions, our guest satisfaction scores, the location of our hotels, the expenditures that we and our franchisees incur to improve our hotels, our loyalty program and the quality of our service impact our ADR, o  ccupancy rates, RevPAR and RevPAR Index performance (each of which is described below under   Key indicators of financial condition and operating performance ). Changes in ADR, occupancy, RevPAR and RevPAR Index performance significantly impact our revenue  s.  
 Our review of our owned hotel portfolio has identified a first wave of approximately 55 properties that, with the appropriate scope of capital investment and renovation, have the opportunity to re-position upwards within a market, capturing occupancy and additional rate while being measured against new, higher-quality competitive sets. 
 The first of these renovations will occur in the fourth quarter of 2016, with the start and completion dates for these projects being staggered over the next few quarters.  The timing of the renovations has been sequenced with the goal of minimizing displacement, and maximizing readiness for peak demand seasons to come, such as the important spring break and summer travel seasons.   
 For those owned hotels not part of the first wave of renovations, our ongoing strategic review could result in several outcomes.  For example, among other possible outcomes, we could conclude that:  

The property is appropriately positioned within its market; or     

The property should be part of a second wave of incremental renovations beginning in late 2017; or     

The property should be disposed of and/or removed from the La Quinta brand, opening the market to potential new franchise development.     

 If a decision is made to dispose of a hotel or groups of hotels from the La Quinta brand, we expect that our revenue and Adjusted EBITDA from owned hotels will decrease and that decrease may be material. Additionally, a decision to dispose of a hotel or groups of hotels may result in an impairment charge related to the reduced holding period of the hotels. In 2015, we conducted a review of our portfolio of owned hotels and subsequently entered into a definitive purchase and sale agreement for 24 of our owned hotels. The sales of 11 hotels were finalized in the fourth quarter of 2015, ten more were finalized through September 30, 2016 and the final three closed in October 2016.  
 Expenses 
 We primarily incur the following expenses: 

Direct lodging expenses and other lodging and operating expenses.   Direct lodging and Other lodging and operating expenses reflect the operating expenses of our owned hotels, including both direct and indirect hotel operating expenses. Direct lodging expenses include items such as compensation costs for hotel level management, housekeeping, laundry and front desk staff, supply costs for guest room amenities and laundry, repairs and maintenance, utilities, sales and local marketing, bad debt expenses related to direct-bill corporate customers, and online and offline travel agency commissions. Other lodging and operating expenses include indirect property operating expenses, primarily property taxes and insurance.     

Depreciation and amortization.   These are non-cash expenses that primarily consist of depreciation of fixed assets such as buildings, furniture, fixtures and equipment at our owned hotels, as well as certain corporate assets. Amortization expense primarily consists of amortization of intangibles related to our franchise business, and other leasehold interests, all of which are amortized over their estimated useful lives.     

General and administrative expenses.   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation expense for our corporate staff and personnel supporting our business segments, professional fees (including consulting, audit and legal fees), travel and entertainment expenses, contractual performance obligations and office administrative and related expenses.     

Impairment losses.   We hold amortizing and non-amortizing intangible assets and long-lived assets. We evaluate these assets for impairment as further discussed in   Critical accounting policies and estimates  previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K. These evaluations have, in the past, resulted in impairment losses for certain of these assets based on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding those assets and our estimates of the fair value of those assets. Based on economic conditions, estimated holding periods or other factors at a hotel-specific or system-wide level, we may be required to take additional impairment losses to reflect further declines in our asset and/or investment values.     

Brand marketing fund expenses from franchised and managed properties.   These expenses represent the expenditure of BMF fees collected from our franchised hotels for marketing and other support of the La Quinta brand. The corresponding revenues are presented as other revenues from franchised properties in our condensed consolidated statements of operations, resulting in no impact to operating income or net income.      

Marketing, promotional and other advertising expenses.   These expenses include advertising costs associated with general promotion of the La Quinta brand and specific advertising and marketing support for our operation and for the operations of      

 31 

our franch  isees, which are in addition to the expenditure of BMF fees collected from franchised and managed properties for the same purpose.     

 Fluctuations in operating expenses at our owned hotels can be related to various factors, including changes in occupancy rates, which directly impact certain variable expenses including labor, supplies, utilities and other operating expenses. However, certain of our expenses are relatively fixed, including rent, property taxes, liability insurance and, to a certain extent, payroll. As market conditions dictate, we take steps to adjust both our variable and fixed costs to levels we feel are appropriate to enhance guest experience, maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall guest experience or the value of our hotels or brand. In addition, changes in depreciation expenses may be impacted by renovations of existing hotels or the disposition of existing hotels through sale or closure. For other factors affecting our costs and expenses, see  Risk factors Risks related to our business and industry  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
 Key indicators of financial condition and operating performance 
 We use a variety of financial and other information in monitoring the financial condition and operating performance of our business. Some of this information is financial information that is prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) in the United States of America, while other information may be financial in nature and may not be prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management also uses other information that may not be financial in nature, including statistical information and comparative data that are commonly used within the lodging industry to evaluate hotel financial and operating performance. Our management uses this information to measure the performance of hotel properties and/or our business as a whole. Historical information is periodically compared to our internal budgets, as well as against industry-wide information. We use this information for planning and monitoring our business, as well as in determining management and employee compensation. 
 Average daily rate ( ADR )  represents hotel room revenues divided by total number of rooms sold in a given period. ADR measures the average room price attained by a hotel or group of hotels, and ADR trends provide useful information concerning pricing policies and the nature of the guest base of a hotel or group of hotels. Changes in room rates have an impact on overall revenues and profitability.  
 Occupancy  represents the total number of rooms sold in a given period divided by the total number of rooms available at a hotel or group of hotels. Occupancy measures the utilization of our hotels  available capacity. Management uses occupancy to gauge demand at a specific hotel or group of hotels in a given period. Occupancy levels also help us determine achievable ADR levels as demand for hotel rooms increases or decreases.  
 Revenue per available room ( RevPAR )  is defined as the product of the ADR charged and the average daily occupancy achieved. RevPAR does not include other ancillary, non-room revenues, such as food and beverage revenues or parking, telephone or other guest service revenues generated by a hotel, which are not significant for the Company.  
 As it pertains to owned hotels, RevPAR changes that are driven predominately by occupancy have different implications for overall revenue levels and incremental hotel operating profit than changes driven predominately by ADR. For example, increases in occupancy at a hotel would lead to increases in room revenues, as well as incremental operating costs (including, but not limited to, housekeeping services, utilities and room amenity costs). RevPAR increases due to higher ADR, however, would generally not result in additional operating costs, with the exception of those charged or incurred as a percentage of revenue, such as credit card fees and commissions. As a result, changes in RevPAR driven by increases or decreases in ADR generally have a greater effect on operating profitability at our owned hotels than changes in RevPAR driven by occupancy levels. Changes in RevPAR for our franchised hotels, whether driven by occupancy or ADR, directly impact our franchise revenues, as these revenues are generally based on a percentage of the franchised hotels  room revenues. Due to seasonality in our business, we review RevPAR by comparing current periods to budget and period-over-period. 
 RevPAR Index  measures a hotel s or group of hotels  fair market share of a competitive set s revenue per available room. RevPAR Index is stated as a percentage and is calculated for each hotel by comparing the hotel s RevPAR to the aggregate RevPAR of a group of competing hotels generally in the same market. RevPAR Index is a weighted average of the individual property results. We subscribe to STR, which collects and compiles the data used to calculate RevPAR Index, and STR may calculate ADR and RevPAR differently than we and our competitors do. The owner of each La Quinta hotel exercises its discretion in identifying the competitive set of properties for such hotel, considering, subject to STR s guidelines, such factors as physical proximity, competition for similar customers, services and amenities, quality and average daily rate. We initially review the competitive set makeup of each new hotel that enters our system and review the continuing appropriateness of each hotel s competitive set on an ongoing basis. Accordingly, while the hotel brands included in the competitive set for any individual La Quinta hotel depend heavily on market-specific conditions, the competitive sets for La Quinta hotels most often include one or more of Comfort, Holiday Inn Express and Hampton. Management uses RevPAR Index and changes in RevPAR Index, particularly year-over-year percentage changes, to evaluate the performance of individual or groups of hotels relative to other competing hotels.  
 32 
 
    Comparable hotels     are defined as hotels that were active and operating in our system for at least one full calendar year as of the end of the applicable reporting period and were active and operating as of January 1st of the previous year; excep  t for: (i) hotels that sustained substantial property damage or other business interruption, (ii) owned hotels that become subject to a purchase and sale agreement, or (iii) hotels in which comparable results otherwise become unavailable, until such time t  hereafter that a hotel again meets the definition of a comparable hotel. Management uses comparable hotels as the basis upon which to evaluate ADR, occupancy, and RevPAR on a system-wide basis and for each of our reportable segments. We report variances in   ADR, occupancy, and RevPAR between periods for the set of comparable hotels existing at the reporting date versus the results of the same set of hotels in the prior period.      Of the     893   in our syst  em as of   September 30, 2016  ,   799   have been classified as co  mparable hotels.  
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA . Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) is a commonly used measure in many industries. We adjust EBITDA when evaluating our performance because we believe that the adjustment for certain items, such as restructuring and acquisition transaction expenses, impairment charges related to long-lived assets, non-cash equity-based compensation, discontinued operations, and other items not indicative of ongoing operating performance, provides useful supplemental information to management and investors regarding our ongoing operating performance. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors about us and our financial condition and results of operations for the following reasons: (i) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are among the measures used by our management team to evaluate our operating performance and make day-to-day operating decisions; and (ii) EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are frequently used by securities analysts, investors, lenders and other interested parties as a common performance measure to compare results or estimate valuations across companies in our industry.  
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under GAAP, have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered either in isolation or as a substitute for net income (loss), cash flow or other methods of analyzing our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs;     

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our indebtedness;     

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes;     

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect historical cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments;     

EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect the impact on earnings or changes resulting from matters that we consider not to be indicative of our future operations;     

although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and     

other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.     

 Because of these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as discretionary cash available to us to reinvest in the growth of our business or as measures of cash that will be available to us to meet our obligations. 

33 
 
    Results of   operations  
 The following table presents hotel operating statistics for our system-wide (owned and franchised) comparable hotels for the applicable periods  (1) : 

(1)       
 
 See definition of comparable hotels in   Key indicators of financial condition and operating performance Comparable hotels.     

 In addition, the following table presents RevPAR Index for our system-wide (owned and franchised) hotels for the applicable periods: 

(1)       
 
 Information based on the STR competitive set of hotels existing as of September 30, 2016.    

 We experienced an increase in RevPAR Index during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had a decline in RevPAR Index. We have identified and started enacting several key initiatives which are designed to address this decline, including taking steps to enhance consistency of product and guest experience and investing in points of differentiation to encourage engagement with the brand. These initiatives have caused incremental expenditures in the third quarter of 2016 and we expect to incur future incremental expenditures. 
 From September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016, our total number of owned and franchised La Quinta hotels has grown from 884, or 87,600 rooms, to 893, or 88,000 rooms, with franchised hotels increasing from 532 to 567. At September 30, 2015, our franchise pipeline numbered 221 hotels, or 19,500 rooms, and has grown to 239 hotels, or 21,800 rooms, at September 30, 2016, while we have opened a net total of 35 franchised hotels over that time period. Each of our pipeline hotels is represented by an executed franchise agreement, and approximately 31% of the conversions and new construction projects have commenced as of September 30, 2016. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2016 compared with three months ended September 30, 2015 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced, on a system-wide comparable hotels basis, increases in ADR and RevPAR and a decline in occupancy, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decline in occupancy is a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating.  Excluding these STR oil tracts, our third quarter system-wide comparable RevPAR would have increased by 2.0%, as compared to prior year, which is a 120 basis point lift from our system-wide comparable results for the third quarter.    
 34 
 
    The following tables present our overall operating performance, and system-wide and segment occupancy, ADR and RevPAR rates on a comparable hotel statistic basis, in each case, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015  , including the amount an  d percentage change in these results between the periods:  

(1)    
 
   We adopted ASU No. 2015-05 as of January 1, 2016. Accordingly, amortization of software service agreements in the amount of $2.1 million, which was classified as depreciation and amortization for the three months ended September 30, 2015, has been reclassified as a general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of operations.  This reclassification was made for all sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that were impacted by this adoption. See Note 2 of the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additional information.    

(2)    
 
   Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.    

35 

Revenues  
 Owned hotels 
 As of September 30, 2016, we owned 326 hotels, comprising approximately 41,700 rooms, located in the United States. Room revenues at our owned hotels for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $230.1 million and $238.8 million, respectively. The decrease of $8.7 million, or 3.6 percent, was primarily driven by the sale of 26 owned hotels between the periods.  RevPAR at our comparable owned hotels increased 0.2 percent for the three months ended September 30 2016 over the prior year period. The increase in RevPAR was driven by a 3.1  percent increase in ADR, partially offset by a decrease in occupancy of 192 basis points. The decline in occupancy is a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating.   
 Other hotel revenues at our owned hotels for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $4.9 million and $5.2 million, respectively. These revenues are related to ancillary hotel services. 
 Franchise and other fee-based revenues 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had 567 franchised hotels, comprising approximately 46,300 rooms, located in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Honduras and Colombia. Franchise and other fee-based revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $30.0 million and $28.5 million, respectively. The increase of $1.5 million, or 5.3 percent, was primarily driven by a net increase of 35 hotels to our franchise system from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 and an increase in RevPAR at our comparable franchised hotels of 1.2 percent, which was due to an increase in ADR of 1.6 percent, partially offset by a decrease in occupancy of 25 basis points. The decline in occupancy is primarily a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating. 
  Operating expenses  

36 
 
    In total, direct lodging and other lodging and operating expenses for our owned hotels   totaled $  123.5     million and   $  122.5   million,   for the three months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015  ,   respectively,     resulting in an   increase     of $1.0   million  , or   0.8   percent. Th  ese expenses   increased   primarily   as a   result of increases in direct lodging expenses for our owned hotels   caused   by     increases i  n salaries   (including hour  ly wages)   and benefits at our owned h  otels   and   increased travel agency commission costs due to increased volume driven through   third party   online travel agencies  , such as   Expedia.com  ,   Booking.com,   and TripAdvisor.   In addition, u  ninsured losses increased fo  r the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .      These expense increases were partially offset by   a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015.  Additionally, the Company realized a   decrease   in e  xpenses related to a reduction   in utility costs, including e  lectricity and natural gas  . O  ther lodging and operating expenses     decreased  ,   primarily   due to     decreased   losses   realized in   the third quarter of 2016   related to     casualty disasters  , as compared to   the third quarter of 2015  .     

Depreciation and amortization expense for our owned hotels totaled $36.0 million and $42.2 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The decrease of $6.2 million, or 14.6 percent, was primarily the result of the suspension of depreciation for assets held for sale and from a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015. This decrease was partially offset by $115.0 million in capital expenditures between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, which drove additional depreciation on certain owned assets in 2016. 

General and administrative expenses totaled $29.6 million and $33.9 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 general and administrative expenses included $8.0 million in cash and $3.0 million in non-cash charges related to the departure of our former CEO. Excluding these charges in the three months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses increased for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of increases in corporate bonus, stock based compensation for new grants, and insurance costs.  The corporate bonus for the three month period ended September 30, 2015 excluded corporate bonus expense for the CEO. 

Marketing, promotional and other advertising expenses, not funded by the BMF collected from our hotels, totaled $15.6 million and $19.2 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The decrease of $3.6 million, or 19.1 percent, was primarily driven by the timing of spending under certain brand programs and decreased spending in broadcast media. In addition, we spent $7.3 million and $6.7 million of BMF fees collected from franchised hotels on similar brand management and other advertising expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively which increased due to timing of spending. 

37 
 
    D  uring the   third   quarter   of 2016  , we entered into   agreement  s   to sell   five   of our Owned Hotels for appro  ximately $  34.9     million.   In connection with the sale agreements  , we recorded an impairment charge of $0.9 million to adjust the   value of these assets t  o their fair value, less transaction   costs.  Additionally,     w  e recorded $  0.2   million of   additional   impairment   for hotels included in assets held for sale  .      
 In the third quarter of 2015, the Company entered into discussions to sell a restaurant parcel. Due to the potential reduced holding period of the assets related to the restaurant parcel, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $1.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015 to adjust the value of these assets to their estimated fair value. In addition, the Company recorded a $0.2 million impairment related to 24 Owned Hotels designated as assets held for sale, which are subject to a definitive purchase agreement.  

(1)        
 
 Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.     

 During the third quarter of 2016, we sold 10 of our Owned Hotels for a gain of approximately $2.0 million.  Of the 10 hotels, seven hotels were from the 24 hotels identified as held for sale in the third quarter of 2015.  Of the remaining three hotels, two hotels were identified as held for sale in the second quarter of 2016 and the remaining hotel was identified and sold within the third quarter of 2016.  The hotels held for sale as of June 30, 2016 were sold at their carrying value which represented fair value less transaction costs.   
 During the third quarter 2015, we sold a restaurant parcel for a loss on sale of approximately $0.1 million.  
  Other Income (Expenses)  

Interest expense, net, totaled $20.4 million and $21.0 million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The decrease of $0.6 million, or 2.6 percent, was driven by the reduction in the principal balance of our term loan facility with the application of the voluntary prepayments in 2015, and the realization of a 25 basis point reduction in the applicable interest rate when the Company achieved a net leverage ratio of less than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00 during the third quarter of 2015.   

We compute our income tax (expense) benefit on a quarterly basis by applying the estimated annual effective tax rate to income from recurring operations and taxable income. The provision for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 differs from the statutory federal tax rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state income taxes and expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes. See   Critical accounting policies and estimates Income taxes  previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
 38 
 
    Segment results  
 We evaluate our segments  operating performance using segment Adjusted EBITDA, as described in Note 13:  Segments  in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report. Refer to those financial statements for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). For a discussion of our definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, how management uses them to manage our business and material limitations on their usefulness, refer to   Key indicators of financial condition and operating performance.  The following table sets forth revenues and Adjusted EBITDA by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts, for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(1)        
 
 This segment includes intercompany fees which are charged to our owned hotels to reflect that certain functions, such as licensing and management, are included in the franchise and management segment. We charge a franchise fee of 4.5% of gross room revenues and a management fee of 2.5% of gross operating revenue for our owned hotels. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(2)        
 
 Includes revenues related to our brand management programs and other cost reimbursements. The portion of these fees that were charged to our owned hotels totaled $18.8 million and $20.0 million for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This includes a reservation fee of 2.0% of gross room revenues, which is reflected in corporate and other. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(3)       
 
 Includes management, license, franchise, BMF, Returns, reservation fees and other cost reimbursements totaling $37.4 million and $39.3 million for each of the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

Owned hotels 
 Owned Hotels segment revenues decreased primarily driven by a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015. Refer to  Revenues Owned hotels  within this section for further discussion on the decrease in revenues from our comparable owned hotels. Our Owned Hotels segment s Adjusted EBITDA decrease is a result of decreased Owned Hotels segment revenues of approximately $9.2 million and an increase in direct lodging expenses of $3.3 million partially offset by a decrease in other lodging and operating expenses of $2.3 million. Refer to  Operating expenses Owned hotels  within this section for further discussion of the increase in operating expenses at our owned hotels. 
 Franchise and management 
 Franchise and Management segment revenues increased by $0.6 million primarily as a result of the net addition of 35 hotels to our franchise system. Additionally, the increase was a result of an increase in RevPAR of 1.2 percent at our comparable franchised hotels. Refer to  Revenues Franchise and other fee-based revenues  within this section for further discussion of the increase in revenues from our comparable franchised hotels. Our Franchise segment s Adjusted EBITDA increased as a result of the overall increase in Franchise segment revenues.  
   
 39 
 
    Nine   months ended   September 30, 2016 compared with nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we experienced on a system-wide comparable hotels basis an increase in ADR and declines in occupancy and RevPAR, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The declines in occupancy and RevPAR are primarily a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating. 
 Excluding these STR oil tracts, our nine months ended September 30, 2016 system-wide comparable RevPAR would have increased by 1.1%, as compared to prior year nine month period, which is a 160 basis point lift from our system-wide comparable results for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   In addition, the nine months ended September 30, 2016 comparable hotel operating statistics are comparing against strong operating statistics on a comparable hotel basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily related to the first six months of 2015. 
 The following tables present our overall operating performance, and system-wide and segment occupancy, ADR and RevPAR rates on a comparable hotel statistic basis, in each case, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, including the amount and percentage change in these results between the periods: 

40 

(1)    
 
          We adopted ASU No. 2015-05 as of January 1, 2016. Accordingly, amortization of software service agreements in the amount of   $  6  .1   million, which was classified as depreciat  ion and amortization for the nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , has been reclassified   as a   general and administrative   expense   in our consolidated statement of operations.  This reclassification was made for all   sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that were impacted by this adoption. See   Note 2   of the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for additio  nal information.     

(2)    
 
   Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.    

Revenues  
 Owned hotels 
 As of September 30, 2016, we owned 326 hotels, comprising approximately 41,700 rooms, located in the United States. Room revenues at our owned hotels for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $669.4 million and $692.9 million, respectively. The decrease of $23.5 million, or 3.4 percent, was primarily driven by a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015 and a decrease in RevPAR at our comparable owned hotels of 1.2 percent, which was due to a decrease in occupancy of 205 basis points, partially offset by an increase in ADR of 1.8 percent. The declines in occupancy and RevPAR are primarily a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating.   
 Other hotel revenues at our owned hotels for both nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $14.7 million. These revenues are related to ancillary hotel services. 
 Franchise and other fee-based revenues 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had 567 franchised hotels, comprising approximately 46,300 rooms, located in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Honduras and Colombia. Franchise and other fee-based revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $80.2 million and $75.6 million, respectively. The increase of $4.6 million, or 6.1 percent, was primarily driven by a net increase of 35 new hotels to our franchise system from September 30, 2015 to September 30, 2016 and an increase in RevPAR at our comparable franchised hotels of 0.1 percent, which was due to an increased ADR of 0.8 percent, partially offset by a decrease in occupancy of 42 basis points. The decline in occupancy is primarily a result of a slowing of demand affecting the hotel industry as a whole, including corporate transient travel. In addition occupancy has declined due to challenges in specific markets, including significant challenges in markets defined by STR as  oil tracts , resulting from the significant and prolonged pullback in oil and gas production.  RevPAR in these oil tracts significantly worsened throughout the second half of 2015 and into 2016, causing significant negative comparisons to the prior year period, although such comparisons are moderating. 
 41 
 
    Operating expenses  

In total, direct lodging and other lodging and operating expenses for our owned hotels totaled $356.9 million and $351.9 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, resulting in an increase of $5.0 million, or 1.4 percent. These expenses increased primarily as a result of increases in direct lodging expenses for our owned hotels caused by increases in salaries (including hourly wages) and benefits at our owned hotels and increased travel agency commission costs due to increased volume driven through third party online travel agencies, such as Expedia.com, Booking.com, and TripAdvisor. Additionally, uninsured losses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These expense increases were partially offset by a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015 and a decrease in utility costs, including electricity and natural gas. In addition, other lodging and operating expenses decreased, primarily due to net gains realized in 2016 related to casualty disasters and from a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015.  

Depreciation and amortization expense for our owned hotels totaled $111.0 million and $126.2 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The decrease of $15.2 million, or 12.0 percent, was primarily the result of the suspension of depreciation for assets held for sale and from a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015.  This decrease was partially offset by $115.0 million in capital expenditures between September 30, 2015 and September 30, 2016, which drove additional depreciation on certain owned assets in 2016. 

General and administrative expenses totaled $86.5 million and $98.8 million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 general and administrative expenses included equity based compensation expense of $5.6 million related to the shares of common stock and restricted stock received in exchange for long-term incentive ownership units held by certain members of the Company s management in connection with our IPO. Additionally for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 general and administrative expenses included $8.0 million in cash and $3.0 million in non-cash charges related to the departure of our former CEO. Excluding these charges in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, general and administrative expenses increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year, primarily as a result of increases in corporate bonus, stock based compensation for new grants, insurance costs, and additional corporate purchased services.  The corporate bonus for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 excluded corporate bonus expense for the CEO. In 2015, we incurred professional services fees related to a secondary offering of our common stock. 

42 
 
    Marketing, promotional and other advertising expenses, not funded by the BMF collected from our hotels, totaled $  55.9   million and $  57.0   million, respectively, for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015  . The   decrease   of $  1.1   millio  n, or   2.1     percent,   was primarily driven by the timing of spending under certain brand programs and decreased spending in broadcast media  . In addition, we spent $  19.3   million and $  18.0   million of BMF fees collected from franchised hotels on similar brand ma  nagement and other advertising expenses for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015  ,   respectively which increased due to timing of spending.  

(1)        
 
 Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.    

 During the third quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell five of our Owned Hotels for approximately $34.9 million. In connection with the sale agreement, we recorded an impairment charge of $0.9 million to adjust the value of these assets to their fair value, less transaction costs.  Additionally, we recorded $0.2 million of additional impairment for hotels included in assets held for sale.   
 During the second quarter of 2016, we entered into agreements to sell three of our Owned Hotels for approximately $10.4 million. The carrying value of these properties had been adjusted to the lesser of their estimated fair value or carrying value in the first quarter. We recorded $0.6 million in additional impairment related to transaction costs.  In June of 2016, we began negotiations to sell two of our Owned Hotels for approximately $18.5 million; this resulted in an impairment of $13.7 million.  Additionally, during the second quarter of 2016, we identified one Owned Hotel in which it was determined that the carrying amount would not be recoverable due to a change in market and economic conditions. We recorded an impairment charge of $1.0 million related to this property.   
   During the first quarter of 2016, as part of the strategic review of our owned hotel portfolio, approximately 50 hotels were identified as candidates for sale in the near-term. After considering the shortened holding period and probability of selling these hotels, we determined that the estimated cash flows were less than the carrying value of certain hotels and therefore we reduced the carrying values to their estimated fair value. This resulted in an impairment of approximately $80.3 million.  In addition, in the fi  rst quarter of 2016, we entered into an agreement to sell one of our Owned Hotels for approximately $8.6 million.  As a result, we recorded $3.0 million in impairment related to the excess carrying value over the estimated fair value due to the shortening of the assumed holding period. 
 In 2015, the Company entered into discussions for the sale of 24 of its owned hotels.  Due to the potential reduced holding period of these assets, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $42.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to adjust the value of these assets to their estimated fair value. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2015, the Company entered into discussions to sell a restaurant parcel. Due to the potential reduced holding period of the restaurant assets, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $1.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015 to adjust the value of these assets to their estimated value. 

(1)        
 
 Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.    

 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we sold 15 of our Owned Hotels for a gain of approximately $2.8 million.  Of the 15, 10 hotels were from the 24 hotels marked as held for sale in the third quarter of 2015.   
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we sold one of our Owned Hotels for a loss of approximately $4.0 million. Additionally, during 2015, we sold a restaurant parcel for a loss on sale of $0.1 million. 
  Other Income (Expenses)  

43 
 
    Interest expense, net,   totaled   $  61.0     million and   $  65.9     million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.   The   decrease     of   $  4.9     million, or     7.5   percent, was     driven by the reduction in the principal balance of our ter  m loan facility with the application of the voluntary prepayments in 2015, and the realization of a 25 basis point reduction in the applicable interest rate when the Company achieved a net leverage ratio of less than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00 during the thi  rd quarter of 2015.    

(1)        
 
 Fluctuation in terms of percentage change is not meaningful.    

 We compute our income tax (expense) benefit on a quarterly basis by applying the estimated annual income tax rate to income from recurring operations and taxable income. The provision for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 differs from the statutory federal tax rate of 35% primarily due to the impact of state income taxes and expenses that are not deductible for tax purposes. See   Critical accounting policies and estimates Income taxes  previously disclosed in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
  Segment results  
 We evaluate our segments  operating performance using segment Adjusted EBITDA, as described in Note 13:  Segments  in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this report. Refer to those financial statements for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). For a discussion of our definitions of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, how management uses them to manage our business and material limitations on their usefulness, refer to   Key indicators of financial condition and operating performance.  The following table sets forth revenues and Adjusted EBITDA by segment, reconciled to consolidated amounts, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(1)        
 
 This segment includes intercompany fees which are charged to our owned hotels to reflect that certain functions, such as licensing and management, are included in the franchise and management segment. We charge a franchise fee of 4.5% of gross room revenues and a management fee of 2.5% of gross operating revenue for our owned hotels. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(2)        
 
 Includes revenues related to our brand management programs and other cost reimbursements. The portion of these fees that were charged to our owned hotels totaled $55.3 million and $58.3 million for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. This includes a reservation fee of 2.0% of gross room revenues, which is reflected in corporate and other. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

(3)       
 
 Includes management, license, franchise, BMF, Returns, reservation fees and other cost reimbursements totaling $109.2 million and $113.5 million for each of the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees are charged to owned hotels and are eliminated in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements.    

44 
 
    Owned hotels  
 Owned Hotels segment revenues decreased primarily driven by a decrease of 26 hotels in the owned hotel portfolio in comparison to the hotels owned at September 30, 2015 and a decline in RevPAR of 1.2 percent at our comparable owned hotels. Refer to  Revenues Owned hotels  within this section for further discussion on the decrease in revenues from our comparable owned hotels. Our Owned Hotels segment s Adjusted EBITDA decrease is a result of decreased Owned Hotels segment revenues of approximately $23.2 million and an increase in direct lodging expenses of $8.3 million, partially offset by decreases in other lodging and operating expenses of $3.3 million. Refer to  Operating expenses Owned hotels  within this section for further discussion of the increase in operating expenses at our owned hotels. 
 Franchise and management 
 Franchise and Management segment revenues increased by $1.8 million primarily as a result of the net addition of 35 hotels to our franchise system and an increase in RevPAR of 0.1 percent at our comparable franchised hotels. Refer to  Revenues Franchise and other fee-based revenues  within this section for further discussion of the increase in revenues from our comparable franchised hotels. Our Franchise segment s Adjusted EBITDA increased as a result of the overall increase in Franchise segment revenues.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had total cash and cash equivalents of $148.2 million. Our known liquidity requirements primarily consist of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, taxes, payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the operation of hotels, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, potential payments related to our interest rate swap, capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our owned hotels, and other purchase commitments. During March 2016, the Company's board of directors authorized a program to repurchase an aggregate of up to $100 million of the Company s common stock (the  Repurchase Program ). The Repurchase Program was completed in May 2016. The Company repurchased approximately 8.1 million shares of common stock at a weighted-average price of $12.27 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $100.0 million.  
 In April of 2014, we entered into a new credit agreement to refinance all of our then existing secured debt, which was to mature in July 2014. The new credit agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities consisting of a then existing $2.1 billion senior secured term loan facility (of which approximately $1.7 billion was outstanding as of September 30, 2016), which will mature in 2021, and a $250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, $50.0 million of which is available in the form of letters of credit, which will mature in 2019. See   Debt  for a further discussion of our new credit agreement. In addition, following consummation of the IPO in April of 2014, for federal income tax purposes, our partnership and REIT status terminated and we became subject to additional entity-level taxes at the federal and state level and, in our second quarter of 2014, we established the related net deferred tax liability in our books equal to $321.1 million. Accordingly, we expect that in the future, our cash taxes, after utilization of net operating losses ( NOLs ), currently expected to be fully utilized in 2016, will approximate the income tax provision in our financial statements. In November 2014, Blackstone completed a secondary offering in which it registered and sold 23.0 million of the Company s shares, bringing its ownership percentage to 45.2%, and creating an ownership change for federal income tax purposes. As a result of this secondary offering and the resulting ownership change the Company s federal net operating losses will be limited under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 with annual limitations that became applicable in 2015 through 2019. State net operating loss carryforwards are also available for use subject to similar limitations in many cases. We do not believe that the Section 382 limitations will prevent the Company from using its total pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards.  
 We finance our business activities primarily with existing cash and cash generated from our operations. We believe that this cash will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs, and purchase commitments for the foreseeable future. The objectives of our cash management policy are to maintain the availability of liquidity and minimize operational costs.  
 The following table summarizes our net cash flows and key metrics related to our liquidity: 

45 

Our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 1.43 and 1.07 as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 
 Operating activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was $206.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $233.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $27.7 million decrease was primarily driven by decreased operating income prior to the reduction for equity based compensation and the impairment loss. This decrease also includes the effects of timing in our various working capital components including other current assets, accrued payroll and employee benefits. 
 Investing activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $30.2 million, compared to $56.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $26.5 million decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to proceeds from sale of assets, partially offset by an increase in capital expenditures.   
 Financing activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $114.4 million, compared to $169.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The $54.9 million decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to prior period voluntary principal payment of long-term debt of $135.0 million, partially offset by an increase in share repurchases in 2016 of $100.9 million.   
 Capital expenditures 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we made capital expenditures of approximately $89.8 million and $66.8 million, respectively. The increase was a result of the Company s commitment to drive consistency in our product. 
 As of September 30, 2016, we had outstanding commitments under capital expenditure contracts of approximately $32.1 million for capital expenditures at certain owned hotels and for information technology enhancements. If cancellation of a contract occurred, our commitment would be any costs incurred up to the cancellation date, in addition to any costs associated with the discharge of the contract. 
 Debt 
 In April of 2014, we refinanced all of our existing debt and accrued interest and related fees. As part of the refinancing, we entered into a credit agreement which provides for senior secured credit facilities consisting of: 

a $2.1 billion senior secured term loan facility, which will mature in 2021; and     

a $250.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, which will mature in 2019. The revolving credit facility includes $50 million of borrowing capacity available for letters of credit and borrowing capacity for short-term borrowings referred to as the swing line borrowings.     

 In addition, the senior secured credit facilities also provide us with the option to raise incremental credit facilities, refinance the loans with debt incurred outside the credit agreement and extend the maturity date of the revolving credit facility and term loans, subject to certain limitations. 
 Borrowings under the term loans bear interest, at the Borrower s option, at a rate equal to a margin over either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the administrative agent s prime lending rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and (3) the LIBOR rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% or (b) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the Reuters LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing. The margin for the term loans is 2.00%, in the case of base rate loans, and 3.00% in the case of LIBOR rate loans, subject to one step-down of 0.25% upon the achievement of a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of less than or equal to 4.50 to 1.00, subject to a base rate floor of 2.00%, and a LIBOR floor of 1.00%. As of July 31, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than 4.50 to 1.00, and, as a result we realized the step-down of 0.25% after that date. 
 46 
 
    Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest, at the Borrower s option, at a rate equal   to a margin over either (a) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the administrative agent s prime lending rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate plus 1/2 of 1.00% and (3) the LIBOR rate for a one-month interest period plus 1.00% o  r (b) a LIBOR rate determined by reference to the Reuters LIBOR rate for the interest period relevant to such borrowing. The margin for the revolving credit facility is   1.50  %, in the case of base rate loans, and   2.50  %, in the case of LIBOR rate loans, subj  ect to three step-downs of 0.25% each upon the achievement of a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than or equal to 5.00 to 1.00, 4.50 to 1.00 and 4.00 to 1.00, respectively. As of March 2, 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net le  verage ratio of less than 5.00 to 1.00, and after March 2, 2015 we realized the first step-down in margin of 0.25%.        As of   July 31  , 2015, we achieved a consolidated first lien net leverage ratio of less than   4.50   to 1.00,   and,     as a result we realized the   s  econd   step-down   in margin   of 0.25% after that date.  
 On April 14, 2014, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with an aggregate notional amount of $850.0 million that expires on April 14, 2019. This agreement swaps the LIBOR rate in effect under the new credit agreement for this portion of the loan to a fixed-rate of 2.0311%, which includes the 1% LIBOR floor. We have elected to designate this interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required to reduce capital expenditures or refinance all or a portion of our existing debt. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on the future performance of our operations, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hotel industry that are beyond our control. See  Risk Factors Risks related to our business and industry  and  Risk Factors Risks relating to our indebtedness  in our 2015 Form 10-K. 
 Contractual obligations 
 There have been no significant changes in our contractual obligations since December 31, 2015 and the discussion under the heading  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual obligations  in our 2015 Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 We do not have off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. Under certain franchise agreements, we have committed to provide certain incentive payments, reimbursements, rebates and other payments, to help defray the costs of construction, marketing and other costs associated with opening and operating a La Quinta hotel. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
           See Note 2 of the notes to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.  
 Critical accounting policies and estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods and the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments based on historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to reflect the current circumstances. While we believe our estimates, assumptions and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information presently available.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our 2015 Form 10-K describes the critical accounting estimates used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates due to changes in judgments, assumptions and conditions as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise, which could have a material impact on financial position or results of operations. There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as compared to the significant accounting policies described in our 2015 Form 10-K. 

Item 3.    
 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk    

   We are exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates, which may impact future income, cash flows and fair value of the Company, depending on changes to interest rates. In certain situations, we may seek to reduce cash flow volatility associated with changes in interest rates by entering into financial arrangements intended to provide a hedge against a portion of the risks associated with such volatility. We continue to have exposure to such risks to the extent they are not hedged. We enter into  
 47 
 
  derivative financial arrangements to the extent they meet   the objective described above, or are required by the terms of our debt facilities, and we do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes.  
 Interest rate risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk under our new credit agreement, as the interest is floating rate based on LIBOR, subject to a 1% LIBOR floor. On April 14, 2014, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement with an aggregate notional amount of $850.0 million that expires on April 14, 2019. This agreement swaps the LIBOR rate in effect under the new credit agreement for this portion of the loan to a fixed-rate of 2.0311%, which includes the 1% LIBOR floor. We have elected to designate this interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. The 30-day LIBOR rate increased from 0.36 percent per annum at December 31, 2015 to 0.53% percent at September 30, 2016. Changes in interest rates also affect the fair value of our debt. 
 The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities and the total fair value as of September 30, 2016 for our financial instruments that were materially affected by interest rate risks (in millions, excluding average interest rate): 

(1)    
 
 Weighted average interest rate as of September 30, 2016, which includes the interest rate swap.    

 Refer to our Note 7:  Fair Value Measurements  in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for further discussion of the fair value measurements of our financial assets and liabilities. 

Item 4.   
 
     Controls and Procedures    

 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s management has evaluated, with the participation of the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired controls objectives. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the internal control over financial reporting of the Company that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the Company. 

48 
 
        PART II OTHER   INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
 
     Legal Proceedings    

 On April 25, 2016, a purported stockholder class action lawsuit, captioned Beisel v. La Quinta Holdings Inc. et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Company s March 24, 2015 secondary public offering (the  March Secondary Offering ) and on behalf of purchasers of the Company s common stock from November 19, 2014 through October 29, 2015 (the  Class Period ).  On July 22, 2016, the court appointed lead plaintiff, and on September 30, 2016, lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint.  The amended complaint names as defendants the Company, certain current and former Company officers, and certain current and former members of the Board of Directors, among others.  The complaint alleges, among other things, that, in violation of the federal securities laws, the registration statement and prospectus filed in connection with the March Secondary Offering contained materially false and misleading information or omissions and that the Company as well as certain current and former officers made false and misleading statements in earnings releases and to analysts during the Class Period.  Plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other relief.  The Company believes that the putative class action lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously; however, there can be no assurance regarding the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit. 
 In addition, we are a party to a number of pending claims and lawsuits arising in the normal course of business, including proceedings involving tort and other general liability claims, workers  compensation and other employee claims and intellectual property claims. We do not consider our ultimate liability with respect to any such claims or lawsuits, or the aggregate of such claims and lawsuits, to be material in relation to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or our cash flows taken as a whole. 
 We maintain general and other liability insurance; however, certain costs of defending lawsuits, such as those below the retention or insurance deductible amount, are not covered by or are only partially covered by insurance policies, and our insurance carriers could refuse to cover certain claims in whole or in part. We regularly evaluate our ultimate liability costs with respect to such claims and lawsuits. We accrue costs from litigation as they become probable and estimable. 

Item  1A.   
 
     Risk Factors    

 There have been no material changes to our principal risks that we believe are material to our business, results of operations and financial condition from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is accessible on the SEC s website at  www.sec.gov.  

Item  2.   
 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

(1)   Includes 882 and 6,831 shares for the periods from August 1 through August 31 and September 1 through September 30, respectively, repurchased to satisfy tax withholding obligations incurred upon the vesting of restricted stock awarded under the Company s 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan.  

Item 3.   
 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

 None. 

Item  4.   
 
     Mine Safety Disclosures    

 Not applicable. 

49 

Item  5.   
 
          Other   Information     

None. 

Item  6.   
 
     Exhibits    

 The following is a list of all exhibits filed or furnished as part of this report: 

Exhibit 
 No.  
 
 Description  

31.1  
 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2  
 
 Certification of Periodic Report by Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

32.1  
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2  
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

101.INS  
 
 XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH  
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL  
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF  
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB  
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE  
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 

50 
 
    SIGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

LA QUINTA HOLDINGS INC.  

(Registrant)  

Date: November 2, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Keith A. Cline  

Keith A. Cline  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 2, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ James H. Forson  

James H. Forson  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

51  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lq-ex311_78.htm
 EX-31.1

lq-ex311_78.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 I, Keith A. Cline, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of La Quinta Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/ Keith A. Cline  

Keith A. Cline  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lq-ex312_79.htm
 EX-31.2

lq-ex312_79.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 I, James H. Forson, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 of La Quinta Holdings Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/ James H. Forson  

James H. Forson  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lq-ex321_80.htm
 EX-32.1

lq-ex321_80.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of La Quinta Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Keith A. Cline, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/    Keith A. Cline  

Keith A. Cline  

President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lq-ex322_81.htm
 EX-32.2

lq-ex322_81.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of La Quinta Holdings Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, James H. Forson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1.   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

 Date: November 2, 2016 

/s/    James H. Forson  

James H. Forson  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer     

(Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lq-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lq-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lq-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lq-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lq-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lq-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

