<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161017_10-Q_edgar_data_1069202_0001069202-16-000024_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11912600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101257</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>499573</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4448797</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5180634</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1466109</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>57</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001069202-16-000024.hdr.sgml : 20161017
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161017120106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001069202-16-000024
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161017
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161017

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001069202
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR COND & WARM AIR HEATING EQUIP & COMM & INDL REFRIG EQUIP [3585]
		IRS NUMBER:				420991521
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15149
		FILM NUMBER:		161938415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2140 LAKE PARK BLVD
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75080
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-497-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2140 LAKE PARK BLVD
		CITY:			RICHARDSON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75080

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001069202-16-000024.txt : 20161017

10-Q
 1
 lii-2016930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D. C. 20549  
  _________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
   _________________________________________________ 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED September 30, 2016           
  Commission file number 001-15149 
   _________________________________________________ 
  LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC. 
  Incorporated pursuant to the laws of the State of Delaware 
  _________________________________________________  
  Internal Revenue Service Employer Identification No. 42-0991521 
  2140 LAKE PARK BLVD., RICHARDSON, TEXAS, 75080 
  (972-497-5000) 
  _________________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  [X]    No  [ ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  [X]    No  [ ] 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                       Large Accelerated Filer 
    [X] 
      
    Accelerated Filer 
    [  ] 
      Non-Accelerated Filer 
    [  ] 
      
    Smaller Reporting Company 
    [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes  [ ]    No  [X] 
  As of October 14, 2016, the number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value $.01 per share, was 43,047,803. 

LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC. 
  FORM 10-Q 
  For the three and   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 
    
  INDEX 

Page 
      Part I 
     Financial Information  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
    1 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    2 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    3 
        
    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) - Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 
        
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  
    5 
        
     Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    29 
        
     Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    39 
        
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures  
    39 
      Part II 
     Other Information  

Item 1. Legal Proceedings  
    39 
        
     Item 1A. Risk Factors  
    40 
        
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    40 
        
     Item 6. Exhibits  
    41 

i 

Part I - Financial Information  
   
  Item 1.    Financial Statements  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   1 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC. 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  1. General: 
    
  References in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to "we," "our," "us," "LII," or the "Company" refer to Lennox International Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise.  
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accompanying unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet as of   September 30, 2016  , the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the   three and nine    months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the accompanying unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   for the nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and footnotes included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,   2015  . The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. The accompanying consolidated financial statements contain all material adjustments, consisting principally of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to applicable rules and regulations, although we believe that the disclosures herein are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The operating results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for a full year. 
    
  Our fiscal year ends on December 31 and each quarter is comprised of approximately13 weeks. For convenience, throughout these financial statements, the 13 weeks comprising each quarterly period are denoted by the last day of the respective calendar quarter. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates and the underlying assumptions affect the amounts of assets and liabilities reported, disclosures about contingent assets and liabilities, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses.  Such estimates include the valuation of accounts receivable, inventories, goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets, contingencies, guarantee obligations, indemnifications, and assumptions used in the calculation of income taxes, pension and post-retirement medical benefits, and stock-based compensation, among others. These estimates and assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment.  
    
  We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors, including the current economic environment.  We believe these estimates and assumptions to be reasonable under the circumstances and will adjust such estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances dictate.  Volatile equity, foreign currency and commodity markets combine to increase the uncertainty inherent in such estimates and assumptions.  Future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision and actual results could differ significantly from these estimates.  Changes in these estimates will be reflected in the financial statements in future periods.  
    
  Reclassifications 
    
  Certain amounts have been reclassified from the prior year presentation to conform to the current year presentation. 

5 

2. Inventories: 
        
  The components of inventories are as follows (in millions): 

3. Goodwill: 
  The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the first   nine   months of 2016, in total and by segment, are summarized in the table below (in millions): 

(1)     Other consists of changes in foreign currency translation rates. 
    
  We performed our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of  2015 and recorded a   $5.5 million   goodwill impairment charge.  We continue to monitor our reporting units for indicators of impairment throughout the year to determine if a change in facts or circumstances warrants a re-evaluation of our goodwill.  We will perform our annual goodwill assessment in the fourth quarter of 2016.   

4. Derivatives: 
    
  Objectives and Strategies for Using Derivative Instruments 
    
  Commodity Price Risk -   We utilize a cash flow hedging program to mitigate our exposure to volatility in the prices of metal commodities used in our production processes.  Our hedging program includes the use of futures contracts to lock in prices, and as a result, we are subject to derivative losses should the metal commodity prices decrease and gains should the prices increase.  We utilize a dollar cost averaging strategy so that a higher percentage of commodity price exposures are hedged near-term and lower percentages hedged at future dates.  This strategy allows for protection against near-term price volatility while allowing us to adjust to market price movements over time.  
    
  Interest Rate Risk -   A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, and as a result, we are subject to variability in the cash paid for interest. To mitigate a portion of that risk, we may choose to engage in an interest rate swap hedging strategy to eliminate the variability of interest payment cash flows.  We are not currently hedged against interest rate risk. 
    
  Foreign Currency Risk -   Foreign currency exchange rate movements create a degree of risk by affecting the U.S. dollar value of assets and liabilities arising in foreign currencies. We seek to mitigate the impact of currency exchange rate movements on certain short-term transactions by periodically entering into foreign currency forward contracts. Our forward contracts are generally  not designated as hedges, but on occasion we have entered into forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges. By entering into forward contracts, we lock in exchange rates that would otherwise cause losses should the U.S. dollar appreciate and gains should the U.S. dollar depreciate. 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  We have commodity futures contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges that are scheduled to mature through   February 2018  .  Unrealized gains or losses from our cash flow hedges are included in   Accumulated Other  
  
   6 

Comprehensive Loss   (   AOCL   ) and are expected to be reclassified into earnings within the next 18 months based on the prices of the commodities and foreign currencies at the settlement dates.  We recorded the following amounts in   AOCL   related to our cash flow hedges (in millions): 

(1)    Assuming commodity and foreign currency prices remain constant, we expect to reclassify   $1.4 million   of derivative losses into earnings within the next 12 months.  
    
  We had the following outstanding commodity futures contracts designated as cash flow hedges (in millions of pounds): 

We had the following outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges (in millions): 

Derivatives not Designated as Cash Flow Hedges 
    
  For commodity derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges, we follow the same hedging strategy as derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, except that we elect not to designate them as cash flow hedges at the inception of the arrangement. We had the following outstanding commodity futures contracts not designated as cash flow hedges (in millions of pounds): 

We also had the following outstanding foreign currency forward contracts not designated as cash flow hedges (in millions): 

7 

Information about the Locations and Amounts of Derivative Instruments 
    
  The following tables provide the locations and amounts of derivative fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and derivative gains and losses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions): 

(1)    All derivative instruments are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. See Note 15 for more information. 

(1)    The loss was recorded in Cost of goods sold in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
   (2)    The loss was recorded in Losses and other expenses, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

8 

5. Income Taxes: 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately  $0.8 million   in total gross unrecognized tax benefits. Of this amount,  $0.8 million  , if recognized, would be recorded through the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
    
  We are currently under examination for our U.S. federal income taxes under the Internal Revenue Service's Compliance Assurance Program for 2016 and 2015 and are subject to examination by numerous other taxing authorities in the U.S. and in jurisdictions such as Australia, Belgium, France, Canada, and Germany.  We are generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local, or non-U.S. income tax examinations by taxing authorities for years prior to 2010. 
    
  Since January 1, 2016, numerous states, including Delaware, North Carolina and the District of Columbia, have enacted legislation effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2016, including changes to apportionment methodologies and tax rates.  The impact of these changes is immaterial. 

6. Commitments and Contingencies: 
    
  Product Warranties and Product Related Contingencies 
    
  We offer warranties to customers for some of our products and record liabilities for estimated future warranty-related costs based on failure rates, cost experience and other factors.  We periodically review the assumptions used to determine the product warranty liabilities and will adjust the liabilities in future periods for changes in assumptions, as necessary. 
    
  Liabilities for estimated product warranty costs related to continuing operations are included in the following captions on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions): 

The changes in product warranty liabilities related to continuing operations   for the nine months ended September 30,     2016   were as follows (in millions): 

We have incurred, and will likely continue to incur, product costs not covered by insurance or our suppliers  warranties, which is not included in the estimated warranty liabilities tables immediately above.   Also, to satisfy our customers and protect our brands, we have repaired or replaced installed products experiencing quality-related issues, and will likely continue such repairs and replacements.   We currently estimate our probable liability for a certain supplier quality issue within a range of   $1.9 million   and   $9.1 million    with all amounts in that range equally likely.  We have accrued a   $1.9 million   liability in Accrued expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at September 30, 2016. The supplier is reimbursing the majority of costs related to this liability.        
    
  Litigation 
    
  We are involved in a number of claims and lawsuits incident to the operation of our businesses. Insurance coverages are maintained and estimated costs are recorded for such claims and lawsuits, including costs to settle claims and lawsuits, based on experience involving similar matters and specific facts known.  
    
  Some of these claims and lawsuits allege personal injury or health problems resulting from exposure to asbestos that was integrated into certain of our products.  We have never manufactured asbestos and have not incorporated asbestos-containing components into our products for several decades.  A substantial majority of asbestos-related claims have been covered by insurance  
  
   9 

or other forms of indemnity or have been dismissed without payment.  The remainder of our closed cases have been resolved for amounts that are not material, individually or in the aggregate.  Our defense costs for asbestos-related claims are generally covered by insurance; however, our insurance coverage for settlements and judgments for asbestos-related claims varies depending on several factors and is subject to policy limits.  As a result, we may have greater financial exposure for future settlements and judgments.  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   2015  , expense for asbestos-related litigation was   $2.3 million  , and   $1.0 million  , net of insurance recoveries, respectively. 
    
  It is management's opinion that none of these claims or lawsuits or any threatened litigation will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  Claims and lawsuits, however, involve uncertainties and it is possible that their eventual outcome could adversely affect our results of operations for a particular period. 

7. Lines of Credit and Financing Arrangements: 
    
  The following table summarizes our outstanding debt obligations and their classification in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions): 

In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest   (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. We adopted this guidance in the first quarter of 2016 and have reclassified the unamortized debt issuance costs into the debt liability as shown in the table above. 
  Short-Term Debt 
    
  Foreign Obligations 
    
  Through several of our foreign subsidiaries, we have facilities available to assist in financing seasonal borrowing needs for our foreign locations. We had   $2.8 million   and   $4.1 million   of foreign obligations as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, that were primarily borrowings under non-committed facilities. Proceeds on these facilities were   $28.2 million    and   $63.6 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively. Repayments on the facilities were   $30.3 million   and   $61.7 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  , respectively.  

10 

Asset Securitization Program 
    
  Under the Asset Securitization Program ( ASP ), we are eligible to sell beneficial interests in a portion of our trade accounts receivable to participating financial institutions for cash. The ASP matures in November 2017 and contains a provision whereby we retain the right to repurchase all of the outstanding beneficial interests transferred. Our continued involvement with the transferred assets includes servicing, collection and administration of the transferred beneficial interests.  The accounts receivable securitized under the ASP are high-quality domestic customer accounts that have not aged significantly.  The receivables represented by the retained interest that we service are exposed to risk of loss for any uncollectible amounts in the pool of receivables sold under the ASP.  The fair values assigned to the retained and transferred interests are based on the sold accounts receivable carrying value given the short term to maturity and low credit risk.  The sale of the beneficial interests in our trade accounts receivable are reflected as short-term borrowings in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets and proceeds received are included in cash flows from financing activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  
    
  Prior to the amendment in July 2016, the ASP provided for a maximum securitization amount ranging from   $180.0 million   to   $220.0 million  , depending on the period.  The ASP was amended effective as of July 5, 2016 to increase the maximum securitization range from   $200.0 million   to   $325.0 million  , depending on the period.  The maximum capacity under the ASP is the lesser of the maximum securitization amount or   100%   of the net pool balance less allowances, as defined by the ASP.  Eligibility for securitization is limited based on the amount and quality of the qualifying accounts receivable and is calculated monthly.  The eligible amounts available and beneficial interests sold were as follows (in millions): 

We pay certain discount fees to use the ASP and to have the facility available to us. These fees relate to both the used and unused portions of the securitization. The used fee is based on the beneficial interest sold and calculated on the average floating commercial paper rate determined by the purchaser of the beneficial interest, plus a program fee of   0.65%  . The average rate for   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   1.49%   and   1.06%   respectively. The unused fee is based on   102%   of the maximum available amount less the beneficial interest sold and is calculated at a   0.33%   fixed rate throughout the term of the agreement.  In addition, a   0.05%   unused fee is charged on incremental available amounts above   $200 million   during certain months of the year.  We recorded these fees in Interest expense, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
    
  The ASP contains certain restrictive qualifications relating to the quality of our accounts receivable and certain cross-default provisions with our Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement ("Domestic Credit Facility"),  senior unsecured notes and any other indebtedness we may have over   $75.0 million  . The administrative agent under the ASP is also a participant in our Domestic Credit Facility. The participating financial institutions have investment grade credit ratings. We continue to evaluate their credit ratings and have no reason to believe they will not perform under the ASP.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we believe we were in compliance with all covenant requirements. 
    
  Long-Term Debt 
    
  Domestic Credit Facility 
    
  On August 30, 2016, we replaced an earlier   $950.0 million   credit facility with a   $900.0 million   credit facility (the "Domestic Credit Facility"), which consisted of a   $650.0 million   unsecured revolving credit facility and a   $250.0 million   unsecured term loan and matures in August 2021 (the "Maturity Date"). Under our Domestic Credit Facility, we had outstanding borrowings of   $515.0 million  , of which   $250.0 million   was the term loan balance, as well as   $4.4 million   committed to standby letters of credit as of   September 30, 2016  . Subject to covenant limitations,   $380.6 million   was available for future borrowings. The unsecured term loan also matures on the Maturity Date and requires quarterly principal repayments of   $7.5 million   beginning in March 2017.  The revolving credit facility allows up to   $100.0 million   of letters of credit to be issued and also includes a subfacility for swingline loans of up to   $65.0 million  .  Additionally, at our request and subject to certain conditions, the commitments under the Domestic Credit Facility may be increased by a maximum of   $350.0 million   as long as existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments. 

11 

Our weighted average borrowing rate on the facility was as follows: 

Our Domestic Credit Facility is guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and contains financial covenants relating to leverage and interest coverage. Other covenants contained in the Domestic Credit Facility restrict, among other things, certain mergers, asset dispositions, guarantees, debt, liens, and affiliate transactions. The financial covenants require us to maintain a defined Consolidated Indebtedness to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio and a Cash Flow (defined as EBITDA minus capital expenditures) to Net Interest Expense Ratio. The required ratios under our Domestic Credit Facility are detailed below: 
    
                 Consolidated Indebtedness to Adjusted EBITDA Ratio no greater than 
    3.5 : 1.0 
      Cash Flow to Net Interest Expense Ratio no less than 
    3.0 : 1.0 

Our Domestic Credit Facility contains customary events of default. These events of default include nonpayment of principal or interest, breach of covenants or other restrictions or requirements, default on certain other indebtedness or receivables securitizations (cross default), and bankruptcy.  A cross default under our Domestic Credit Facility could occur if:  
             
    We fail to pay any principal or interest when due on any other indebtedness or receivables securitization of at least   $75.0 million  ; or  
                
    We are in default in the performance of, or compliance with any term of any other indebtedness or receivables securitization in an aggregate principal amount of at least   $75.0 million   or any other condition exists which would give the holders the right to declare such indebtedness due and payable prior to its stated maturity.  
       
  Each of our major debt agreements contains provisions by which a default under one agreement causes a default in the others (a "cross default"). If a cross default under the Domestic Credit Facility, our senior unsecured notes, our lease of our corporate headquarters in Richardson, Texas (recorded as an operating lease), or our ASP were to occur, it could have a wider impact on our liquidity than might otherwise occur from a default of a single debt instrument or lease commitment.  If any event of default occurs and is continuing, lenders with a majority of the aggregate commitments may require the administrative agent to terminate our right to borrow under our Domestic Credit Facility and accelerate amounts due under our Domestic Credit Facility (except for a bankruptcy event of default, in which case such amounts will automatically become due and payable and the lenders  commitments will automatically terminate).  As of   September 30, 2016  , we believe we were in compliance with all covenant requirements. 
    
  Senior Unsecured Notes 
    
  We issued   $200.0 million   of senior unsecured notes in May 2010 through a public offering. Interest is paid semiannually on May 15 and November 15 at a fixed interest rate of   4.90%   per annum. These notes mature on   May 15, 2017  .  The notes are guaranteed, on a senior unsecured basis, by each of our domestic subsidiaries that guarantee payment by us of any indebtedness under our Domestic Credit Facility. The indenture governing the notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of the subsidiary guarantors to: create or incur certain liens; enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; enter into certain mergers, consolidations and transfers of substantially all of our assets; and transfer certain properties. The indenture also contains a cross default provision which is triggered if we default on other debt of at least   $75.0 million   in principal which is then accelerated, and such acceleration is not rescinded within   30 days   of the notice date.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we believe we were in compliance with all covenant requirements. 

12 

8.  Pension and Post-retirement Benefit Plans: 
    
  The components of net periodic benefit cost were as follows (in millions): 

(1)    All net periodic benefit cost for the   three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   related to continuing operations. 
  
   13 

9. Stock-Based Compensation: 
    
  We issue various long-term incentive awards, including performance share units, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights under the Lennox International Inc. 2010 Incentive Plan, as amended and restated.  Stock-based compensation expense related to continuing operations is included in Selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (in millions): 

(1)    All expense was recorded in our Corporate and other business segment. 

10. Stock Repurchases: 
    
  Our Board of Directors has authorized a total of   $1.4 billion   towards the repurchase of shares of our common stock (collectively referred to as the "Share Repurchase Plans").  The Share Repurchase Plans authorize open market repurchase transactions and do not have an expiration date.    There were no additional share repurchase authorizations in the first   nine   months of 2016. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $96.2 million   of shares may yet be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Plans.   
    
  On February 10, 2016, the Company entered into a Fixed Dollar Accelerated Share Repurchase Transaction (the  First ASR Agreement ) with Merrill Lynch International ( Merrill Lynch ), acting through its agent, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated to effect an accelerated stock buyback of the Company s common stock (the  Common Stock ). 
    
  Under the First ASR Agreement, on February 10, 2016, the Company paid Merrill Lynch an initial purchase price of   $200 million  , and Merrill Lynch delivered to the Company a total of   1.3 million   shares of Common Stock, representing approximately   75%   of the shares expected to be purchased under the ASR Agreement. The First ASR Agreement was completed in the third quarter and Merrill Lynch delivered an additional   0.2 million   shares of Common Stock to the Company  . 
    
  On August 1, 2016, the Company entered into another Fixed Dollar ASR Agreement (the "Second ASR Agreement) with Wells Fargo to effect an accelerated stock buyback of Common Stock. 
    
  Under the Second ASR Agreement, on August 1, 2016, the Company paid Wells Fargo an initial purchase price of   $100 million  , and Wells Fargo delivered to the Company a total of   0.5 million   shares of Common Stock, representing approximately   75%   of the shares expected to be purchased under the Second ASR Agreement. The Second ASR Agreement will be completed in the fourth quarter. 
    
  We also repurchased   0.2 million   shares for   $26.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   from employees who surrendered their shares to satisfy minimum tax withholding obligations upon the exercise of long-term incentive awards. 

11. Comprehensive Income: 
    
  The following table provides information on items not reclassified in their entirety from   AOCL   to Net income in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions): 
  
   14 

The following table provides information on changes in   AOCL  , by component (net of tax),   for the nine months ended September 30,     2016   (in millions): 

12. Restructuring Charges: 
    
  We record restructuring charges associated with management-approved restructuring plans when we reorganize or remove duplicative headcount and infrastructure within our businesses.  Restructuring charges include severance costs to eliminate a specified number of employees, infrastructure charges to vacate facilities and consolidate operations, contract cancellation costs and other related activities.  The timing of associated cash payments is dependent upon the type of restructuring charge and can extend over a multi-year period.  Restructuring charges are not included in our calculation of segment profit (loss), as more fully explained in Note 14. 
    
  Restructuring Activities in 2016 
    
  Information regarding the restructuring charges for all ongoing activities is presented in the following table (in millions): 

15 

While restructuring charges are excluded from our calculation of segment profit (loss), the table below presents the restructuring charges associated with each segment (in millions): 

Restructuring accruals are included in Accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The table below details the activity in   2016   within the restructuring accruals (in millions): 

13. Earnings Per Share: 
    
  Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of shares and the number of equivalent shares assumed outstanding, if dilutive, under our stock-based compensation plans. 
    
  The computations of basic and diluted earnings per share for Net income were as follows (in millions, except per share data): 
  
   16 

The following stock appreciation rights and restricted stock units were outstanding but not included in the diluted earnings per share calculation because the assumed exercise of such rights would have been anti-dilutive (in millions, except for per share data): 

17 

14. Reportable Business Segments: 
    
  We operate in   three   reportable business segments of the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration ( HVACR ) industry.  Our segments are organized primarily by the nature of the products and services we provide.  The following table describes each segment: 
    
                           Segment 
      
    Product or Services 
      
    Markets Served 
      
    Geographic Areas 
      Residential Heating   Cooling 
      
    Furnaces, air conditioners, heat pumps, packaged heating and cooling systems, indoor air quality equipment, comfort control products, replacement parts 
      
    Residential Replacement; 
  Residential New Construction 
      
    United States 
  Canada 
      Commercial Heating   Cooling 
      
    Unitary heating and air conditioning equipment, applied systems, controls, installation and service of commercial heating and cooling equipment 
      
    Light Commercial 
      
    United States 
  Canada 
  Europe 
      Refrigeration 
      
    Condensing units, unit coolers, fluid coolers, air cooled condensers, air handlers, process chillers, controls, compressorized racks, supermarket display cases and systems 
      
    Light Commercial; 
  Food Preservation;  
  Non-Food/Industrial 
      
    United States 
  Canada 
  Europe 
  Asia Pacific 
  South America 

We use segment profit or loss as the primary measure of profitability to evaluate operating performance and to allocate capital resources.  We define segment profit or loss as a segment s income or loss from continuing operations before income taxes included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, excluding certain items. The reconciliation in the table below details the items excluded. 
    
  Our corporate costs include those costs related to corporate functions such as legal, internal audit, treasury, human resources, tax compliance and senior executive staff. Corporate costs also include the long-term share-based incentive awards provided to employees throughout LII. We recorded these share-based awards as corporate costs because they are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors and based on the historical practice of doing so for internal reporting purposes. 
    
  As they arise, transactions between segments are recorded on an arm s-length basis using the relevant market prices.  Any intercompany sales and associated profit (and any other intercompany items) are eliminated from segment results.  There were no significant intercompany eliminations for the periods presented. 

18 

Segment Data 
    
  Net sales and segment profit (loss) for each segment, along with a reconciliation of segment profit (loss) to Operating income, are shown below (in millions): 

(1)     The Company defines segment profit and loss as a segment's operating income included in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations, excluding: 
             
    Special product quality adjustments; 
                
    The following items in Losses (gains) and other expenses, net:  
                
    Net change in unrealized gains and/or losses on unsettled futures contracts,  
                
    Special legal contingency charges,  
                
    Asbestos-related litigation, 
                
    Contractor tax payments, 
                
    Environmental liabilities, and 
                
    Other items, net; 
                
    Restructuring charges; and 
                
    Goodwill, long-lived asset, and equity method investment impairments. 
       
  Total Assets by Segment 
    
  Except for the seasonal increase in total assets across all reportable segments, there have not been any material changes in the composition of total assets by segment since December 31, 2015. 

19 

15. Fair Value Measurements: 
    
  Fair Value Hierarchy 
    
  The methodologies used to determine the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities at   September 30, 2016   were the same as those used at December 31,   2015  . 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Carried at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
    
  Derivatives 
    
  Derivatives were classified as Level 2 and primarily valued using estimated future cash flows based on observed prices from exchange-traded derivatives.  We also considered the counterparty's creditworthiness, or our own creditworthiness, as appropriate.  Adjustments were recorded to reflect the risk of credit default, however, they were insignificant to the overall value of the derivatives.  Refer to Note 4 for more information related to our derivative instruments. 
    
  Marketable Equity Securities 
    
  The following table presents the fair values of an investment in marketable equity securities, classified as Level 1 and related to publicly traded stock of a non-U.S. company, recorded in Other assets, net in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions): 

Other Fair Value Disclosures  
    
  The carrying amounts of Cash and cash equivalents, Accounts and notes receivable, net, Accounts payable, and Short-term debt approximate fair value due to the short maturities of these instruments.  The carrying amount of our Domestic Credit Facility in Long-term debt also approximates fair value due to its variable-rate characteristics.   
    
  The fair value of our senior unsecured notes in Long-term debt, classified as Level 2, was based on the amount of future cash flows using current market rates for debt instruments of similar maturities and credit risk.  The following table presents their fair value (in millions): 

16. Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements: 
    
  The Company s senior unsecured notes are unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the Company s subsidiaries (the  Guarantor Subsidiaries ) and are not guaranteed by our other subsidiaries (the  Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries ). The Guarantor Subsidiaries are   100%   owned, all guarantees are full and unconditional, and all guarantees are joint and several. As a result of the guarantee arrangements, we are required to present the following condensed consolidating financial statements.   
    
  The condensed consolidating financial statements reflect the investments in subsidiaries of the Company using the equity method of accounting.  The principal elimination entries eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions. Condensed consolidating financial statements of the Company, its Guarantor Subsidiaries and Non-Guarantor Subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 are shown on the following pages. 

20 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
  As of   September 30, 2016    

21 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Balance Sheets 
  As of   December 31, 2015    

22 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  For the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016    

23 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  For the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2016    

24 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  For the Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

25 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
  For the   Nine   Months Ended   September 30, 2015    

26 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016    

27 

Lennox International Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Condensed Consolidating Statements of Cash Flows 
  For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015    

28 

Item 2.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that are based on information currently available to management as well as management s assumptions and beliefs as of the date such statements were made. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements identified by forward-looking terminology, such as the words  may,   will,   should,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   intend,   estimate  and  expect  and similar expressions. Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, based on what we believe are reasonable assumptions; however, such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties. In addition to the specific uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the risk factors set forth in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and those set forth in Part II,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  of this report, if any, may affect our performance and results of operations. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or review any forward-looking statements or information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
    
  Business Overview 
    
  We operate in three reportable business segments of the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration ( HVACR ) industry. Our reportable segments are Residential Heating   Cooling, Commercial Heating   Cooling, and Refrigeration.  For  additional information regarding our reportable segments, see Note 14 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.   
    
  Our fiscal year ends on December 31 and our interim fiscal quarters are each comprised of approximately 13 weeks.  For convenience, throughout this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the 13-week periods comprising each fiscal quarter are denoted by the last day of the respective calendar quarter. 
    
  We sell our products and services through a combination of direct sales, distributors and company-owned parts and supplies stores.     The demand for our products and services is seasonal and significantly impacted by the weather.  Warmer than normal summer temperatures generate demand for replacement air conditioning and refrigeration products and services, and colder than normal winter temperatures have a similar effect on heating products and services.  Conversely, cooler than normal summers and warmer than normal winters depress the demand for HVACR products and services.  In addition to weather, demand for our products and services is influenced by national and regional economic and demographic factors, such as interest rates, the availability of financing, regional population and employment trends, new construction, general economic conditions, and consumer spending habits and confidence.  A substantial portion of the sales in each of our business segments is attributable to replacement business, with the balance comprised of new construction business. 
    
  The principal elements of cost of goods sold are components, raw materials, factory overhead, labor, estimated warranty costs, and freight and distribution costs.  The principal raw materials used in our manufacturing processes are steel, copper and aluminum.  In recent years, pricing volatility for these commodities and related components have impacted us and the HVACR industry in general.  We seek to mitigate the impact of volatility in commodity prices through a combination of price increases, commodity contracts, improved production efficiency and cost reduction initiatives. We also partially mitigate volatility in the prices of these commodities by entering into futures contracts and fixed forward contracts.   

Financial Overview 
    
  In the third quarter of 2016, the Residential Heating   Cooling segment continued to lead our overall operational performance with a 11% increase in net sales and a $23 million increase in segment profit compared to the third quarter of 2015.  The primary growth drivers for this segment were volume gains and lower material cost.  Our Commercial Heating   Cooling segment also performed well in the third quarter of 2016 with a 2% increase in net sales and $4 million in increased segment profit compared to the third quarter of 2015.  This segment's profits were up largely due to lower material cost.  While sales in our Refrigeration segment were down 2%, the segment profit increased $3 million compared to the third quarter of 2015.  For this segment, lower sales volume was offset by lower material cost. 
    
  On a consolidated basis, our product profit margins improved quarter over quarter primarily due to lower material costs and higher productivity.  We continue to manage our cost structure by utilizing a combination of commodity hedging and controllable product cost management initiatives. 
  
   29 

Financial Highlights  

During the third quarter of 2016, we returned $19 million to shareholders through dividend payments. 
                
    Cash provided by operating activities was flat at   $107 million   in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015, although we made a discretionary $50 million pension contribution into our U.S. qualified plan in the third quarter of 2016. 

Third Quarter of 2016 Compared to Third Quarter of 2015 - Consolidated Results 
    
  The following table provides a summary of our financial results, including information presented as a percentage of net sales: 

Net Sales 
    
  Net sales increased   6%   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily from 5% higher sales volumes and 1% from price and mix.  The Residential Heating   Cooling segment delivered higher volume by capturing additional replacement and new construction business and the Commercial Heating   Cooling segment delivered higher volume from our North American Service business.  
    
  Gross Profit  
    
  Gross profit margin in the third quarter of 2016 increased 210 basis points ("bps") to   30.7%   compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Our profit margin increased 270 bps from lower material costs.  Offsetting this increase were decreases of 10 bps for unfavorable mix and price, 20 bps from combined freight and distribution, and 30 bps from other product costs. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses, or SG A, was   $157 million   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to   $144 million   in the third quarter of 2015, and as a percentage of net sales increased 40 bps to   15.5  %.  SG A expenses increased due to higher long-term incentive compensation costs, wage inflation, and increased investment in information technology and research and development. 

30 

Losses and Other Expenses, Net 
    
  Losses and other expenses, net for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 included the following (in millions): 

The net change in unrealized (gains) losses on unsettled futures contracts was due to lower commodity prices relative to the unsettled futures contract prices.  For more information on our futures contracts, see Note 4 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The change in the special legal contingency charges resulted from higher estimated liabilities related to settled claims.  For more information on special legal contingency charges and asbestos-related litigation, see Note 6 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  Restructuring Charges 
    
  Restructuring charges during the third quarter of 2016 relate to the demolition of a facility relating to a previous restructuring activity.  The restructuring charges in the third quarter of 2015 relate to the restructuring of our Australian operations in the Refrigeration segment.  For additional information on our restructuring activities, refer to Note 12 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Income from Equity Method Investments 
    
  We participate in two joint ventures that are engaged in the manufacture and sale of compressors, unit coolers and condensing units. We exert significant influence over these affiliates based upon our ownerships, but do not control them due to venture partner participation.  Accordingly, these joint ventures have been accounted for under the equity method and their financial position and results of operations are not consolidated.  Income from equity method investments of   $4 million   in the third quarter of 2016 increased from   $3 million   in the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Interest Expense, net  
    
  Interest expense, net of   $7 million   in the third quarter of 2016 was up from   $6 million   as compared to the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We expect our annual effective tax rate to be 31% in 2016 and subsequent years to be approximately 32% due to sustainable benefits from reorganization of our international subsidiaries that will enable us to utilize foreign tax credits and other benefits that drives our effective tax rate down by approximately 250 basis points.  The tax benefit resulting from a repatriation of earnings in 2016 was recognized in the second quarter.    
    
  The effective tax rate was 32.2% for the third quarter of 2016 compared to 34.2% for the third quarter of 2015. 

31 

Third Quarter of 2016 Compared to Third Quarter of 2015 - Results by Segment 
    
  Residential Heating   Cooling  
    
  The following table presents our Residential     Heating   Cooling segment's net sales and profit for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

Net sales increased by   11%   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Sales volumes increased by 10% and price and mix combined increased sales by 1%.  
    
  Segment profit for the third quarter of 2016 increased   $23 million   due to $13 million in higher sales volumes, $13 million in lower material cost and $4 million from factory productivity, which includes the addition of a second factory in Mexico, and $1 million from price and mix combined.  Partially offsetting these increases was $1 million of SG A expenses primarily for information technology and research and development investments, $4 million in distribution investments, and $3 million from increases in other product costs. 
    
  Commercial Heating   Cooling 
    
  The following table presents our Commercial Heating   Cooling segment's net sales and profit for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

Net sales increased by   2%   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Sales volumes increased by 2%  primarily the result of growth in our North American Service and VRF businesses.  
    
  Segment profit in the third quarter of 2016 increased   $4 million   compared to the third quarter of 2015 due to $6 million in lower material cost, $1 million from higher sales volumes, and $1 million in lower freight expenses.  Partially offsetting these increases was $2 million in SG A expenses, $1 million in lower factory productivity, and $1 million in other product costs. 
    
  Refrigeration  
    
  The following table presents our Refrigeration segment's net sales and profit for the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

Net sales decreased   2%   in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.  Sales volume decreased by 1%  and price and mix combined decreased sales by 1%.  

32 

Segment profit for the third quarter of 2016 increased   $3 million     c  ompared to the third quarter of 2015 due to $7 million from lower material costs and $2 million from lower depreciation and amortization due to the impairment of our Kysor Warren business recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015. Partially offsetting these increases was $4 million in higher SG A expenses, $1 million from combined price and mix and $1 million in lower sales volumes. 
    
  Corporate and Other 
    
  Corporate and other expenses increased $4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to $5 million of higher incentive compensation and general wage inflation and $2 million in investments in research and development and consulting.  Partially offsetting these increases was $3 million in lower health care expenses. 

Year-to-Date through September 30, 2016 Compared to Year-to-Date through September 30, 2015 - Consolidated Results 
    
  The following table provides a summary of our financial results, including information presented as a percentage of net sales: 

Net Sales 
    
  Net sales increased   4%   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015, with sales volumes up 4% and a 1% increase from price and mix combined.  The volume increases were driven by our Residential Heating   Cooling, Commercial Heating   Cooling and Refrigeration segments all capturing additional replacement and new construction business.  Partially offsetting these increases was a 1% decrease from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Gross Profit  
    
  Gross profit margins in the first nine months of 2016 increased 220 bps to   29.5%   compared to the first nine months of 2015.  Our profit margin increased 290 bps from material cost savings and 30 bps from factory productivity.   Offsetting these  increases were decreases of 40 bps for unfavorable mix and price, 20 bps from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, 10 bps from freight and distribution, and 30 bps from other product costs. 
    
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
    
  SG A was   $456 million   for the first nine months of 2016 compared to   $430 million   for the first nine months of 2015, and as a percentage of net sales, increased 30 bps to   16.6%   from   16.3%  .  SG A expenses increased due to higher long-term incentive compensation costs, wage inflation, and increased investment in information technology and research and development. 

33 

Losses and Other Expenses, Net 
    
  Losses and other expenses, net for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 included the following (in millions): 

The net change in unrealized gains on unsettled futures contracts was due to lower commodity prices relative to the unsettled futures contract prices.  For more information on our futures contracts, see Note 4 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  For more information on special legal contingency charges and asbestos-related litigation, see Note 6 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Contractor tax payments relate to a charge for underpaid contractor taxes at one of our non-U.S. subsidiaries.   
    
  Restructuring Charges 
    
  Restructuring charges during the first nine months of 2016 relate to the demolition of a facility relating to a previous restructuring activity.  The restructuring charges in the first nine months of 2015 relate to the restructuring of our Australian operations in the Refrigeration segment.    For additional information on our restructuring activities, refer to Note 12 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Income from Equity Method Investments 
    
  We participate in two joint ventures that are engaged in the manufacture and sale of compressors, unit coolers and condensing units. We exert significant influence over these affiliates based upon our ownerships, but do not control them due to venture partner participation.  Accordingly, these joint ventures have been accounted for under the equity method and their financial position and results of operations are not consolidated.  Income from equity method investments increased to   $15 million   in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to   $12 million   in the first nine months of 2015. 
    
  Interest Expense, net  
    
  Interest expense, net of   $20 million   in the first nine months of 2016 increased from   $18 million   in the first nine months of 2015 due to an increase in our average net borrowings. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We expect our annual effective tax rate to be 31% in 2016 and subsequent years to be approximately 32% due to sustainable benefits from reorganization of our international subsidiaries that will enable us to utilize foreign tax credits and other benefits that drives our effective tax rate down by approximately 250 basis points.  The tax benefit resulting from a repatriation of earnings in 2016 was recognized in the second quarter.    
    
  The effective tax rate was 30.4% for the first nine months of 2016 compared to 34.3% for the first nine months of 2015. 

34 

Year-to-Date through September 30, 2016 Compared to Year-to-Date through September 30, 2015 - Results by Segment 
    
  Residential Heating   Cooling  
    
  The following table presents our Residential     Heating   Cooling segment's net sales and profit for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

Net sales increased by   6%    in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015.  Sales volumes increased net sales by 5% due to industry growth and market share gains and the benefits of favorable price and mix contributed 1%.  
    
  Segment profit for the first nine months of 2016 increased   $46 million   due to $45 million in lower material costs, $22 million from higher sales volume and $9 million from favorable factory productivity which includes the addition of a second factory in Mexico.  Partially offsetting these increases was $9 million from unfavorable price and mix combined, $4 million of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, $6 million in distribution investments, $7 million of SG A expenses to support wage inflation and investments in information technology and research and development, and $4 million of other product costs. 
    
  Commercial Heating   Cooling 
    
  The following table presents our Commercial Heating   Cooling segment's net sales and profit for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

Commercial Heating   Cooling net sales increased by   2%   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015. Sales volumes increased net sales by 2%, price and mix increased sales by 1% and changes in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted net sales by 1%.   
    
  Segment profit in the first nine months of 2016 increased   $15 million   compared to the first nine months of 2015.  The benefits of $4 million from incremental volume, $15 million from lower material costs, $4 million from price and mix and $2 million from lower freight and distribution expenses were partially offset by $5 million in lower factory productivity and other product costs, $3  million of higher SG A expenses, $1 million for investments in infrastructure for the North American Service business and $1 million from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Refrigeration  
    
  The following table presents our Refrigeration segment's net sales and profit for the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 (dollars in millions): 

35 

Refrigeration net sales increased   2%   in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due 4% volume growth led by our North American supermarket businesses.  This volume increase was partially offset by a 1% impact from unfavorable foreign exchange rates and a 1% impact from price reductions.   
    
  Segment profit for the first nine months of 2016 increased   $16 million   compared to the first nine months of 2015 primarily due to $6 million from increased sales volumes, $16 million in lower material costs, $5 million from lower depreciation and amortization due to the impairment of our Kysor Warren business recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015 and $3 million in factory productivity and other product costs.  Partially offsetting these increases were $7 million from unfavorable price and mix combined, $6 million from higher SG A expenses and $1 million from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
    
  Corporate and Other 
    
  Corporate and other expenses increased $8 million in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the first nine months of 2015 due primarily to $10 million in incentive compensation and wage inflation and $2 million of investments in research and development and consulting.  Partially offsetting these increases was $4 million from lower health care and other miscellaneous costs. 

Pensions  
    
  As part of our overall strategy to de-risk our pension plans, we have offered certain vested participants in our U.S. qualified plans the opportunity to take a one-time lump sum distribution in lieu of future monthly pension payments.  These lump sum distributions will be paid from our retirement plan in the fourth quarter of 2016.  As a result of these lump sum payments, our pension benefit obligation will be reduced by approximately $50 million, and we expect to recognize a pre-tax pension settlement charge in the fourth quarter of approximately $30 million. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    
  Our working capital and capital expenditure requirements are generally met through internally generated funds, bank lines of credit and an asset securitization arrangement.  Working capital needs are generally greater in the first and second quarters due to the seasonal nature of our business cycle. 
    
  Statement of Cash Flows 
    
  The following table summarizes our cash flow activity   for the nine months ended September 30,     2016   and   2015   (in millions): 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities -   The net cash provided by operating activities in the first nine months of 2016 and 2015 reflects the seasonal increase in working capital requirements and was flat year over year. Cash provided by operating activities was flat, the increase in net income in the first nine months of 2016 as compared to 2015 was offset by increases in cash  paid for taxes and the fact we made a discretionary pension contribution of $50 million into our U.S. qualified pension plan during the third quarter of 2016. 
    
  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities -   Capital expenditures were   $59 million   and   $47 million   in the first nine months of   2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Capital expenditures in 2016 were primarily related to investments in systems and software to support the overall enterprise, expansion of our manufacturing capacity, and continued investments in our distribution network.  
    
  Net Cash Used in Financing Activities -   Net cash used in financing activities decreased to   $42 million   in the first nine months of 2016 primarily due to an increase in stock repurchases partially offset by increases in borrowings.   Net borrowings were higher in 2016 to support the increased stock repurchases and dividend payments.  Final settlement of the $200 million Accelerated Share Repurchase Plan executed in the first quarter of 2016 was in the third quarter of 2016. Final settlement of the $100 Million Accelerated Share Repurchase Plan executed in the third quarter of 2016 will be in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

36 

Debt Position 
    
  The following table details our lines of credit and financing arrangements as of   September 30, 2016   (in millions): 

(1)    The maximum securitization amount ranges from   $200.0 million   to   $325.0 million  , depending on the period, after consideration of the July 5, 2016 amendment.  The maximum capacity of the ASP is the lesser of the maximum securitization amount or 100% of the net pool balance less reserves, as defined under the ASP. 
   (2)    The available future borrowings on our domestic credit facility are   $380.6 million   after being reduced by the outstanding borrowings and   $4.4 million   in outstanding standby letters of credit.  We also had   $38.3 million   in outstanding standby letters of credit outside of the domestic credit facility as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Financial Leverage 
    
  We periodically review our capital structure to ensure the appropriate levels of leverage and liquidity.  We may access the capital markets, as necessary, based on business needs and to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.  We also evaluate our debt-to-capital and debt-to-EBITDA ratios to determine, among other considerations, the appropriate targets for capital expenditures and share repurchases under our share repurchase programs.  Our debt-to-total-capital ratio increased to   97.8%   at   September 30, 2016   from   87.9%   at December 31,   2015  .   
           As of September 30, 2016, our senior credit ratings were Baa3 with a stable outlook, and BBB with a stable outlook, by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") and Standard   Poor's Rating Group ("S P"), respectively.  The security ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.  Our goal is to maintain investment grade ratings from Moody's and S P to help ensure the capital markets remain available to us. 
    
  Liquidity 
    
  We believe our cash and cash equivalents of   $48 million  , future cash generated from operations and available future borrowings are sufficient to fund operations, planned capital expenditures, future contractual obligations, share repurchases, anticipated dividends and other needs in the foreseeable future.  Included in our cash and cash equivalents of   $48 million   as of   September 30, 2016   was $27.4 million of cash held in foreign locations.  Our cash held in foreign locations is used for investing and operating activities in those locations, and we generally do not have the need or intent to repatriate those funds to the United States. If we were to repatriate foreign earnings, we would be required to accrue and pay taxes in the United States, less foreign tax credits, for the amounts that were repatriated.  However, an additional benefit of the tax reorganization discussed previously is our ability to repatriate cash generated in prior periods in a tax efficient manner. We repatriated $42 million in cash from foreign subsidiaries and made a discretionary contribution of $50 million to our qualified pension plans in the third quarter of 2016.  
  
   37 

Our expected capital expenditures for 2016 are $95 million.  We also continue to increase shareholder value through dividend payments and our share repurchase programs, with the completion of our $200 million accelerated share repurchase program in 2016, the initiation of another $100 million stock repurchase program in the third quarter of 2016, and a target of between $65 million and $75 million of dividend payments in 2016. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  In addition to the credit facilities, promissory notes and leasing commitments described above, we also lease real estate and machinery and equipment pursuant to operating leases that are not capitalized on the balance sheet, including high-turnover equipment such as autos and service vehicles and short-lived equipment such as personal computers.  Our operating lease commitments have not materially changed since December 31, 2015.  

Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees 
    
  For information regarding our commitments, contingencies and guarantees, see Note 6 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ("FASB") issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers  , which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. The new standard is effective for us on January 1, 2018. Early application is not permitted. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We are evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures. We will adopt the new standard using the modified retrospective approach and are still determining the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 
         In January 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01,   Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items   (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items. ASU No. 2015-01 eliminates the concept of an extraordinary item from GAAP. As a result, an entity will no longer be required to separately present an extraordinary item on its statement of operations, net of tax, after income from continuing operations or to disclose income taxes and net income per share data applicable to an extraordinary item. However, ASU No. 2015-01 will still retain the presentation and disclosure guidance for items that are unusual in nature and occur infrequently. ASU No. 2015-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within that reporting period, although early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard did not materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Consolidation: Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis  , or ASU 2015-02, which amends the criteria for determining which entities are considered variable interest entities ( VIEs ), amends the criteria for determining if a service provider possesses a variable interest in a VIE and ends the deferral granted to investment companies for application of the VIE consolidation model. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2015 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard did not materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest   (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs. The amendments in this ASU require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard did not materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17,   Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes   (Topic 740) that simplifies the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the  
  
   38 

balance sheet. ASU 2015-17 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We adopted this standard retrospectively as of December 31, 2015.  
  On February 25, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (ASC 842).   Lessees will need to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. It will be critical to identify leases embedded in a contract to avoid misstating the lessee s balance sheet. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. We have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting. 
  On March 30, 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  . The ASU includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. Excess tax benefits for share-based payments will be recorded as a reduction of income taxes and reflected in operating cash flows upon the adoption of this ASU.  Excess tax benefits are currently recorded in equity and as financing activity under the current rules. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods of public entities beginning after December 15, 2016. 

Item 3.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk affecting LII, see "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" in Item 7A of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  Our exposure to market risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2015. 

Item 4.    Controls and Procedures  
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our current management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.  There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including the possibility of human error and circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of   September 30, 2016  , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the applicable rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  
    
  There were no changes during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings    
    
  We are involved in a number of claims and lawsuits incident to the operation of our businesses. Insurance coverages are maintained and estimated costs are recorded for such claims and lawsuits. It is management's opinion that none of these claims or lawsuits will have a material adverse effect, individually or in the aggregate, on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
    
  In October 2016, the Company self-reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Department of Justice (DOJ) an alleged payment in the amount of 30,000 rubles (approximately US $475) to a Russian customs broker or official. The Company, under the oversight of its Audit Committee, has initiated an investigation into this matter with the assistance of external legal counsel and external forensic accountants. The alleged payment was purportedly made to release a shipment of goods being held by Russian customs officials due to inaccurate paperwork. The value of the shipment was approximately  62,000 (approximately US $68,500). The allegations are related to the Company s subsidiary in Russia, which had 2015 annual sales of approximately US $5 million and approximately US $3 million in sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. To date, the investigation has not resulted in any evidence of other potentially improper payments; however, the investigation has raised questions regarding possible irregularities with respect to other Russian customs documents. The investigation is ongoing. The Company intends to fully cooperate with the SEC and the DOJ regarding this matter. The Company does not anticipate any material adverse effect on its business or financial condition as a result of this matter. 

39 

Item 1A.    Risk Factors 
  In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. There have been no material changes to our risk factors from those disclosed in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
          
  In the third quarter of 2016, we purchased shares of our common stock as follows:  

(1)    We repurchased 32,566 shares of common stock in July, August and September 2016 surrendered to LII to satisfy employee tax-withholding obligations in connection with the exercise of long-term incentive awards. 
   (2)    After $200 million payment for Accelerated Share Repurchase Plan (ASR) executed in February 2016 and $100 million payment for ASR executed in August 2016. Final settlement of the February ASR occurred in the third quarter and the final settlement of the August ASR will be in the fourth quarter. The February and August ASRs were offered pursuant to a previously announced repurchase plan.  See Footnote 10 for further details. 
  
   40 

Item 6. Exhibits 
    
                 3.1 
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lennox International Inc. ( LII ) (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to LII s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration Statement No. 333-75725) filed on April 6, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      3.2 
    Amended and Restated Bylaws of LII (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to LII s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.1 
    Specimen Stock Certificate for the Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of LII (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to LII s Amendment to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (Registration No. 333-75725) filed on June 16, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.2 
    Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2010, between LII and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to LII s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on S-3 (Registration No. 333-155796) filed on May 3, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.3 
    Form of First Supplemental Indenture among LII, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to LII s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on S-3 (Registration No. 333-155796) filed on May 3, 2010, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.4 
    Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2011, among Heatcraft Inc., a Mississippi corporation, Heatcraft Refrigeration Products LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Advanced Distributor Products LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the  Guarantors ), LII, and each other existing Guarantor under the Indenture dated as of May 3, 2010, and U.S. Bank National Association as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to LII s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 26, 2011, and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.5 
    Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2013 among Lennox National Account Services LLC, LGL Australia (US) Inc., Lennox International Inc., each other existing Guarantor under the Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2010, as subsequently supplemented, and U.S. Bank National Association (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to LII's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 13, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      4.6 
    Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 30, 2016 among LGL Europe Holding Co., each other existing Guarantor under the Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2010, as subsequently supplemented, and U.S. Bank National Association (filed herewith). 
      4.7 
    Form of 4.900% Note due 2017 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to LII s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 6, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      10.1 
    Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2016, among LPAC Corp., as the Seller, Lennox Industries Inc., as the Master Servicer, Victory Receivables Corporation, as a Purchaser and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as Administrative Agent for the Investors, the Purchaser Agent for the BTMU Purchaser Group and a BTMU Liquidity Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to LII s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 6, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      10.2 
    Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement dated as of August 30, 2016, among Lennox International Inc., a Delaware corporation, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to LII s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
      31.1 
    Certification of the principal executive officer (filed herewith). 
      31.2 
    Certification of the principal financial officer (filed herewith). 
      32.1 
    Certification of the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (furnished herewith). 

Exhibit No. (101).INS XBRL Instance Document 
  Exhibit No. (101).SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
  Exhibit No. (101).CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
  Exhibit No. (101).LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
  Exhibit No. (101).PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
  Exhibit No. (101).DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

41 

SIGNATURE 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
    
  LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC.  
    
  By:    /s/ Joseph W. Reitmeier                             
  Joseph W. Reitmeier 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (on behalf of registrant and as principal financial officer)  

Date:  October 17, 2016             

42 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex46fifthsupplementalinden.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.6

Exhibit 

Exhibit 4.6  

FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 

This FIFTH SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of August 30, 2016 (this    Fifth     Supplemental Indenture   ), is among LGL Europe Holding Co., a Delaware corporation (a    Guarantor   ), Lennox International Inc., a Delaware corporation (the    Company   ), each other existing Guarantor under the Indenture referred to below (the    Existing Guarantors   ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee under the Indenture referred to below.    
    
  RECITALS  
    
           WHEREAS, the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore become parties to an Indenture, dated as of May 3, 2010 (the    Base Indenture   ) and a First Supplemental Indenture (the    First Supplemental Indenture   ) dated as of May 6, 2010     providing for the issuance of 4.900% Notes due 2017 of the Company (the    Notes   ), a Second Supplemental Indenture (the    Second Supplemental Indenture   ) dated as of March 28, 2011, a Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2011 (the    Third Supplemental Indenture   ) and a Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 10, 2013 (the    Fourth Supplemental     Indenture     
    
           WHEREAS, Section 8.06 of the First Supplemental Indenture provides that the Company is required to cause the Guarantor to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture evidencing its guarantee of the punctual payment when due of all monetary obligations of the Company under the Indenture and the Notes on the terms and conditions set forth herein and in Article 8 of the First Supplemental Indenture;  
    
           WHEREAS, the Guarantor desires to enter into such supplemental indenture for good and valuable  
  consideration, including substantial economic benefit in that the financial performance and condition of such Guarantor is dependent on the financial performance and condition of the Company, the obligations hereunder of which such Guarantor has guaranteed; and  
        
  WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.01 of the Base Indenture, the parties hereto are authorized to execute and deliver this Fifth Supplemental Indenture to amend the Indenture, without the consent of any Holder;  
    
           NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the Guarantor, the Company, the Existing Guarantors and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows:  
    
           1. Defined Terms. As used in this Fifth Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recital hereto are used herein as therein defined. The words  herein,   hereof  and  hereby  and other words of similar import used in this Fifth Supplemental Indenture refer to this Fifth Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof.  For purposes of this Fifth Supplemental Indenture, the    Indenture    is the Base Indenture and the First Supplemental Indenture, the Second Supplemental Indenture, the Third Supplemental Indenture and the Forth Supplemental Indenture, taken together. 
           2. Agreement to Guarantee. The Guarantor, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, hereby irrevocably and fully and unconditionally guarantees to each Holder and to the Trustee and its successor and assigns (the    Guarantee   ), on a senior unsecured basis and equal in right of payment to all existing and future senior indebtedness of the Guarantor, the punctual payment when due of all monetary obligations of the Company under the Indenture and the Notes, whether for principal of or interest on the Notes, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article 8 of the First Supplemental Indenture and agrees to be bound by (and shall be entitled to the benefits of) all other applicable provisions of the Indenture as a Guarantor.  

3. Termination, Release and Discharge. Each Guarantor s Guarantee shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, and each Guarantor shall be released and discharged from all obligations in respect of such Guarantee, as and when provided in Section 8.03 of the First Supplemental Indenture.  
          4. Parties. Nothing in this Fifth Supplemental Indenture is intended or shall be construed to give any Person, other than the Holders and the Trustee, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of each Guarantor s Guarantee or any provision contained herein or in Article 8 of the First Supplemental Indenture.  
           5. Governing Law. This Fifth Supplemental Indenture and the Notes shall be deemed to be a contract under the laws of the State of New York, and for all purposes shall be construed in accordance with the laws of such State, except as may otherwise be required by mandatory provisions of law.  
           6. Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. The Indenture, as supplemented by this Fifth Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Fifth Supplemental Indenture shall be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. The recitals contained herein shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness of the same.  
           7. Counterparts. This Fifth Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.  
           8. Headings. The section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.  
    
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Fifth Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first above written.  

LENNOX INDUSTRIES INC. 
  ALLIED AIR ENTERPRISES INC. 
  LENNOX GLOBAL LTD. 
  HEATCRAFT INC. 
  HEATCRAFT REFRIGERATION PRODUCTS LLC 
  ADVANCED DISTRIBUTOR PRODUCTS LLC 
  LENNOX NATIONAL ACCOUNT SERVICES LLC 
  LGL AUSTRALIA (US) INC. 
  LGL EUROPE HOLDING CO. 

By: 
      /s/ Rick Pelini 

Name: 
     Rick Pelini 

Title: 
     Vice President and Treasurer 

LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC. 

By: 
           /s/ Rick Pelini                                                                                             

Name: 
     Rick Pelini 

Title: 
     Vice President and Treasurer 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 

By: 

Name: 
         s/ Brad Hounsel 

Title: 
     Vice President 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lii-ex311_2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Todd M. Bluedorn, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lennox International Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: October 17, 2016  
                   
    /s/ Todd M. Bluedorn 
        
    Todd M. Bluedorn 
        
    Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lii-ex312_2016930x10q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Joseph W. Reitmeier, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Lennox International Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: October 17, 2016  
                   
    /s/ Joseph W. Reitmeier 
        
    Joseph W. Reitmeier 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lii-ex321_201693010q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of Lennox International Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), each of the undersigned, Todd M. Bluedorn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Joseph W. Reitmeier, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his or her knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Todd M. Bluedorn 
      
      Todd M. Bluedorn 
      
      Chief Executive Officer 

October 17, 2016  

/s/ Joseph W. Reitmeier 
      
      Joseph W. Reitmeier 
      
      Chief Financial Officer 

October 17, 2016  
  A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 lii-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lii-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lii-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lii-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lii-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lii-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

