<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161128_10-K_edgar_data_1378718_0001378718-16-000067_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12074355</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>329789</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>737080</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3892263</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5079127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1813079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>70</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001378718-16-000067.hdr.sgml : 20161128
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161128170619
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001378718-16-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161128
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161128

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378718
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-HARDWARE [5072]
		IRS NUMBER:				205441563

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35253
		FILM NUMBER:		162020537

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24911 AVENUE STANFORD
		CITY:			VALENCIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91355
		BUSINESS PHONE:		661-775-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24911 AVENUE STANFORD
		CITY:			VALENCIA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91355

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wesco Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001378718-16-000067.txt : 20161128

10-K
 1
 wair20160930-10k.htm
 10-K

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ___________________________________________________________________________ 
  FORM 10-K 
  (Mark One)   

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2016 
    
  or   

  For the transition period from                  to                  
  Commission File No. 001-35253 
  WESCO AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS, INC. 
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

24911 Avenue Stanford 
  Valencia, California 91355 
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices and Zip Code) 
    
  (661) 775-7200 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
  Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                   Title of Each Class 
      
    Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
      Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   None 
  ___________________________________________________________________________ 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes     x    No       
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes        No   x 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     x    No       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     x    No       
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                     Large accelerated filer   x 
    Accelerated filer       
    Non-accelerated filer       
     (Do not check if a 
  smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes          No     x    
  As of March 31, 2016, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates based on the closing price as of that day was approximately   $956,052,000  . 
  The number of shares of common stock (par value $0.001 per share) of the registrant outstanding as of   November 21, 2016  , was   99,012,965  . 
    
  Documents Incorporated by Reference 
  Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference certain information from the registrants  definitive proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders, which the registrant intends to file pursuant to Regulation 14A with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the registrant s fiscal year end of September 30, 2016. With the exception of the sections of the definitive proxy statement specifically incorporated herein by reference, the definitive proxy statement is not deemed to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents  

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
       Part I  
       Item 1.  
     Business  
    4 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
    11 
       Item 1B.  
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    24 
       Item 2.  
     Properties  
    24 
       Item 3.  
     Legal Proceedings  
    24 
       Item 4.  
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    24 
       Part II  
       Item 5.  
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    25 
       Item 6.  
     Selected Financial Data  
    27 
       Item 7.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    28 
       Item 7A.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    46 
       Item 8.  
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    48 
       Item 9.  
     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    83 
       Item 9A.  
     Controls and Procedures  
    83 
       Item 9B.  
     Other Information  
    84 
       Part III  
       Item 10.  
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    85 
       Item 11.  
     Executive Compensation  
    85 
       Item 12.  
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    85 
       Item 13.  
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    85 
       Item 14.  
     Principal Accounting Fees and Services  
    85 
       Part IV  
       Item 15.  
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
    86 
       Signatures  
      
    87 
       Exhibit Index  
      
    89 

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
    
  Unless otherwise noted in this Annual Report, the term  Wesco Aircraft  means Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc., our top-level holding company, and the terms  Wesco,   the Company,   we,   us,   our  and  our Company  mean Wesco Aircraft and its subsidiaries, including (1) Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp. (Wesco Aircraft Hardware), which is our primary historical domestic operating company and the sole member of Haas Group International, LLC, which we acquired, along with Haas Group, Inc. (now Haas Group, LLC) and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, Haas), on February 28, 2014, and (2) Wesco Aircraft Europe, Ltd. (Wesco Aircraft Europe), our primary historical foreign operating company. References to  fiscal year  mean the year ending or ended September 30. For example,  fiscal year 2016  or  fiscal 2016  means the period from October 1, 2015 to September 30, 2016. 

2 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
    
  CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
    
  This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements (including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning Wesco and other matters. These statements may discuss goals, intentions and expectations as to future plans, trends, events, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, based on current beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. Forward-looking statements may be accompanied by words such as  achieve,   aim,   anticipate,   believe,   could,   drive,   estimate,   expect,   forecast,   future,   grow,   improve,   increase,   intend,   may,   outlook,   plan,   possible,   potential,   predict,   project,   should,   target,   will,   would  or similar words, phrases or expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside our control. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 

general economic and industry conditions; 

conditions in the credit markets; 

changes in military spending; 

risks unique to suppliers of equipment and services to the U.S. government; 

risks associated with our long-term, fixed-price agreements that have no guarantee of future sales volumes; 

risks associated with the loss of significant customers, a material reduction in purchase orders by significant customers or the delay, scaling back or elimination of significant programs on which we rely; 

our ability to effectively compete in our industry; 

our ability to effectively manage our inventory; 

our suppliers  ability to provide us with the products we sell in a timely manner, in adequate quantities and/or at a reasonable cost; 

our ability to maintain effective information technology systems; 

our ability to retain key personnel; 

risks associated with our international operations, including exposure to foreign currency movements; 

risks associated with assumptions we make in connection with our critical accounting estimates (including goodwill) and legal proceedings; 

our dependence on third-party package delivery companies; 

fuel price risks; 

our ability to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 

fluctuations in our financial results from period-to-period; 

environmental risks; 

risks related to the handling, transportation and storage of chemical products; 

risks related to the aerospace industry and the regulation thereof; 

risks related to our indebtedness; and 
     
   3 

     Table of Contents  

other risks and uncertainties. 
       
  The foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. You should carefully consider the foregoing factors and the other risks and uncertainties that affect our business, including those described under Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and the other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (including information included or incorporated by reference herein) are based upon information available to us as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS 
    
  Company Overview 
    
  We are the world s leading distributors and providers of comprehensive supply chain management services to the global aerospace industry, based on an annual sales. Our services range from traditional distribution to the management of supplier relationships, quality assurance, kitting, just-in-time (JIT) delivery and point-of-use inventory management.  We supply over 565,000 active stock-keeping units (SKUs), including C-class hardware, chemicals, electronic components, bearings, tools and machined parts. In fiscal 2016, sales of hardware including bearings and other products represented 52.3% of our net sales, sales of chemicals represented 40.6% of our net sales and sales of electronic components represented 7.1% of our net sales. We serve our customers under both (1) long-term contractual arrangements (Contracts), which include JIT contracts, that govern the provision of comprehensive outsourced supply chain management services and long-term agreements, or LTAs, that typically set prices for specific products, and (2) ad hoc sales. In February 2014, we acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of Haas, a provider of chemical supply chain management services to the commercial aerospace, airline, military, automotive, energy, pharmaceutical and electronics sectors. In July 2012, we acquired substantially all of the assets of Interfast, Inc. (Interfast), a Toronto-based value-added distributor of specialty fasteners, fastening systems and production installation tooling for the aerospace and electronics markets. 
    
  Founded in 1953 by the father of our current Chairman of the Board of Directors, we have grown to serve over 8,000 customers, which are primarily in the commercial, military and general aviation sectors, including the leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and their subcontractors, through which we support nearly all major Western aircraft programs, and also sell products to airline-affiliated and independent maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) providers. We also service industrial customers, which include customers in the automotive, energy, pharmaceutical and electronics sectors. We have 2,724 employees and operate across 57 locations in 17 countries. The following charts illustrate the composition of our fiscal year 2016 net sales based on our sales data. 

For additional information about our segment reporting, see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

4 

     Table of Contents  

Our Products and Services 
    
  We conduct our operations through two reportable segments: North America and Rest of World. 

Our Products 
    
  We offer more than 565,000 active SKUs, which fall into the following product categories during the year ended September 30, 2016 (dollars in thousands): 
                                   
    Hardware 
      
    Chemicals 
      
    Electronic 
  Components 
      
    Bearings 
      
    Other Products 
      Net product sales 
    $711,177 
      
    $600,124 
      
    $105,207 
      
    $34,662 
      
    $26,196 

% of net product sales 
    48.2% 
      
    40.6% 
      
    7.1% 
      
    2.3% 
      
    1.8% 

Types of products offered 
      Blind fasteners 
    Panel fasteners 
    Bolts and screws 
    Clamps 
    Hi lok pins and collars 
    Hydraulic fittings 
    Inserts 
    Lockbolts and collars 
    Nuts 
    Rivets 
    Springs 
    Valves 
    Washers 
      
      Adhesives 
   Sealants and tapes 
    Lubricants 
    Oil and grease 
    Paints and coatings 
    Industrial gases 
    Coolants and metalworking fluids 
    Cleaners and cleaning solvents 
      
      Connectors 
    Relays 
    Switches 
    Circuit breakers 
    Lighted products 
    Wire and cable 
    Interconnect accessories 
      
      Airframe control bearings 
    Rod ends 
    Spherical bearings 
    Ball bearing 
    Needle roller bearings 
    Bushings 
    Precision bearings 
      
      Brackets 
    Milled parts 
    Shims 
    Stampings 
    Turned parts 
    Welded assemblies 
    Installation tooling 

Hardware 
    
  Sales of C-class aerospace hardware represented 48%, 49% and 62% of our fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 product sales, respectively. Fasteners, our largest category of hardware products, include a wide range of highly engineered aerospace parts that are designed to hold together two or more components, such as rivets (both blind and solid), bolts (including blind bolts), screws, nuts and washers. Many of these fasteners are designed for use in specific aircraft platforms and others can be used across multiple platforms. Materials used in the manufacture of these fasteners range from standard alloys, such as aluminum, steel or stainless steel, to more advanced materials, such as titanium, Inconel and Waspalloy. 
    
  Chemicals 
    
  On February 28, 2014, we acquired Haas, a provider of chemical supply chain management services to the commercial aerospace, airline, military, automotive, energy, pharmaceutical and electronics sectors. Chemical sales represented 41%, 40%, and 26% of our fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 product sales, respectively. As a result of our acquisition of Haas, our chemical product offerings include adhesives; sealants and tapes; lubricants; oil and grease; paints and coatings; industrial gases; coolants and metalworking fluids; and cleaners and cleaning solvents. 
    
  Electronic Components 
    
  We offer highly reliable interconnect and electro-mechanical products, including connectors, relays, switches, circuit breakers, lighted products, wire and cable and interconnect accessories. We also offer value-added assembled products including mil-circular and rack and panel connectors and illuminated push button switches. We maintain large quantities of connector components in inventory, which allows us to respond quickly to customer orders. In addition, our lighted switch assembly operation affords customers same day service, including engraving capabilities in multiple languages. 

5 

     Table of Contents  

Bearings 
    
  Our product offering includes a variety of standard anti-friction products designed to both commercial and military aircraft specifications, such as airframe control bearings, rod ends, spherical bearings, ball bearings, needle roller bearings, bushings and precision bearings. 
    
  Other Products 
    
  Machined parts are designed for a specific customer and are assigned unique OEM-specific SKUs. The machined parts we distribute include laser cut or stamped brackets, milled parts, shims, stampings, turned parts and welded assemblies made of materials ranging from high-grade steel or titanium to nickel based alloys. 
    
  We stock a full range of tools needed for the installation of many of our products, including air and hydraulic tools as well as drill motors, and we also offer factory authorized maintenance and repair services for these tools. In addition to selling these tools, we also rent or lease these tools to our customers. 
    
  Our Services 
    
  In addition to our traditional distribution services, we have developed innovative value-added services, such as quality assurance, kitting and JIT supply chain management for our customers. 
    
  Quality Assurance 
    
  Our quality assurance (QA) function is a key component of our service offering, with approximately 5% of our employees dedicated to this area. We believe we offer an industry-leading QA function as a result of our rigorous processes, sophisticated testing equipment and dedicated QA staff. Our superior QA performance is demonstrated by a comparison of our customers  aggregate rejection rate of the products we deliver, which was 0.12% during fiscal 2016, to our rejection rate of the products we receive from our suppliers, which was 3.82% during fiscal 2016. 
    
  Our QA department inspects the inventory we purchase to ensure the accuracy and completeness of documentation. For many of our customers, these inspections are conducted at our in-house laboratory, where we operate sophisticated testing equipment. We also maintain an electronic copy of the relevant certifications for the inventory, which can include a manufacturer certificate of conformance, test reports, process certifications, material distributor certifications and raw material mill certifications. Our industry-leading QA capabilities also allow our JIT customers to reduce the number of personnel dedicated to the QA function and reduce the delays caused by the rejection of improperly inspected products. 
    
  Kitting 
    
  Kitting involves the packaging of an entire bill of materials or a complete  ship-set  of products, which reduces the amount of time workers spend retrieving products from storage locations. Kits can be customized in varying configurations and sizes and can contain up to several hundred different products. All of our kits and components contain fully certified and traceable products and are assembled by our full-service kitting department at our Central Stocking Locations (CSLs), or at our customer sites. 
    
  JIT Supply Chain Management 
    
  JIT supply chain management involves the delivery of products on an as-needed basis to the point-of-use at a customer s manufacturing line. JIT programs are designed to prevent excess inventory build-up and shortages and improve manufacturing efficiency. Each JIT contract requires us to maintain an efficient inventory tracking, analysis and replenishment program and is designed to provide high levels of stock availability and on-time delivery. We believe customers that utilize our comprehensive JIT supply chain management services are frequently able to realize significant benefits including: 

reduced inventory levels and lower inventory excess and obsolescence (E O) expense, in part because such customers only purchase what they need, and make more efficient use of their floor space; 
                
    increased accuracy in forecasting and planning, resulting in substantially improved on-time delivery, reduced expediting costs and fewer disruptions of production schedules; 
                
    improved quality assurance resulting in a substantial reduction in customer product rejection rates; and 
                
    reduced administrative and overhead costs relating to procurement, QA, supplier management and stocking functions. 
     
   6 

     Table of Contents  

Before signing a JIT contract, our customers typically experience outages of many SKUs and, in some cases, have up to a year s worth of inventory on hand. As part of our JIT programs, we generally assume the customer s existing inventory at the onset of the contract, immediately reducing their inventory on-hand and the associated management costs. Customer inventory is generally assumed on a consignment basis and is entered in our database in a distinct customer-specific  virtual warehouse.  Software protocol in our IT systems requires the system to first  look  to a customer s consigned inventory when parts replenishment is required. In certain cases, we can sell this consigned inventory to our base of over 8,000 other active customers around the world, gradually drawing down the customer s inventory. As the consigned inventory for each SKU is exhausted, our stock of Wesco-sourced product reserve is then used for replenishment. 
    
  Another key strength of our JIT programs is our ability to utilize highly scalable and customizable point-of-use systems to develop an efficient supply chain management system and automated replenishment solution for any number of SKUs. In order to minimize inventory on hand, certain indicators are used to trigger the replenishment of product from a supplying location to the location of consumption. Our  Twin-Bin  system is an example of such an indicator. A JIT program designed around a Twin-Bin system utilizes a specially-manufactured unit composed of two bins stacked on top of one another. In this system, a clear plastic bag, typically containing a 30-day supply of parts, is loaded in each bin. Production workers use all of the parts within the bottom bin before drawing a pullout slide between the two bins that drops the full plastic bag of parts from the top bin into the bottom bin. An empty top bin indicates the need to initiate replenishment of the parts and provides a clear visual management process on the manufacturing floor. All replenishment activity is done via hand-held scanners that transmit orders to our stocking locations. 
    
  In certain circumstances, we also provide our JIT customers with additional value-added services, including the implementation of process control and usage reduction programs; support for environmental, health and safety compliance (EHS) and reporting; and assistance with the development of waste management strategies. 
    
  MRO Sales 
    
  We sell products to airline-affiliated, OEM-affiliated and independent MRO providers on both a Contract and ad hoc basis. We have recently expanded our efforts to increase our presence in both the commercial and military aerospace MRO markets, particularly as a result of our acquisition of Interfast in 2012, our acquisition of Haas in 2014 and through the introduction of our Wesco e-commerce sales platform, which we believe provides us with a cost-effective way to further penetrate the MRO market. In addition, we have targeted domestic and international airlines and maintenance centers that we believe are assuming an expanded role within the MRO market. 
    
  Going forward, we expect commercial MRO providers to benefit from the many of the same trends as those impacting the commercial OEM market, including industry passenger volumes and capacity utilization, as well as requirements to maintain aging aircraft and the cost of fuel, which can lead to greater utilization of existing planes.  The commercial MRO market may also benefit from directives or notifications announced by international industry regulators and trade associations. Such directives or notifications can serve to bolster required maintenance, and thus the demand for new and existing aerospace products. Furthermore, we expect demand in the military MRO market to be driven by changes in overall fleet size and the level of U.S. military operational activity domestically and overseas. We believe that our presence in this market helps us mitigate the volatility of new military aircraft sales with sales to the aftermarket. 
    
  Customer Contracts 
    
  We sell products to our customers under two types of arrangements: (1) Contracts, which include JIT supply chain management contracts and LTAs, and (2) ad hoc sales. 
    
  Contracts 
    
  JIT Contracts  .    JIT contracts are typically three to five years in length and are structured to supply the product requirement for specific SKUs, production lines or facilities. Given our direct involvement with JIT customers, volume requirements and purchasing frequency under these contracts is highly predictable. Under JIT contracts, customers commit to purchase specified products from us at a fixed price or a pass-through price, on an if-and-when needed basis, and we are often responsible for maintaining high levels of stock availability of those products. JIT contracts typically contain termination for 
  convenience provisions, which generally allow our customers to terminate their contracts on short notice without meaningful penalties, provided that we are reimbursed for the cost of any inventory specifically procured for the customer or inventory that is not commonly sold to our other customers. JIT customers often purchase products from us that are not covered under their  
  
   7 

     Table of Contents  

contracts on an ad hoc basis. For additional information about our JIT supply chain management services, see  -Our Products and Services-Our Services-JIT Supply Chain Management.  
    
  LTAs  .    Like JIT contracts, LTAs also typically run for three to five years. LTAs are essentially negotiated price lists for customers or individual customer sites that cover a range of pre-determined products, purchased on an as-needed basis. LTAs allow the customer to buy contracted SKUs from us and may obligate us to maintain stock availability for those products. Once an LTA is in place, the customer is then able to place individual purchase orders with us for any of the contractually specified products. LTAs typically contain termination for convenience provisions, which generally allow for our customers to terminate their contracts on short notice without meaningful penalties, provided that we are reimbursed for the cost of any inventory specifically procured for the customer. LTA customers also frequently purchase products from us on an ad hoc basis, which are not captured under the pricing arrangement. 
    
  Ad Hoc Sales 
    
  Ad hoc customers purchase products from us on an as-needed basis and are generally supplied out of our existing inventory. Typically, ad hoc orders are for smaller quantities of products than those ordered under Contracts, and are often urgent in nature. Given our breadth and volume of inventory, it is not uncommon for even our competitors to purchase products from us on an ad hoc basis when their own stocks prove to be inadequate. In an environment of increasing aircraft production, product shortages can become increasingly common for OEMs, subcontractors, MRO providers and distributors with less sophisticated forecasting abilities and procurement organizations. 
    
  Under each of the sales arrangements described above we typically warrant that the products we sell conform to the drawings and specifications that are in effect at the time of delivery in the applicable contract, and that we will replace defective or non-conforming products for a period of time that varies from contract to contract. We, in turn, look to the product manufacturer to indemnify us for liabilities resulting from defective or non-conforming products. We do not accrue for warranty expenses as our claims related to defective and non-conforming products have been nominal. 
    
  We believe that backlog is not a relevant measure of our business, given the long-term nature of our Contracts with our customers. 
    
  Customers  
    
  We sell to over 8,000 active customers worldwide. During fiscal 2016, no single customer represented more than 10% of our net sales, and only two customers accounted for over 5% of our net sales, with each consisting of multiple independent programs. Our top 10 customers collectively accounted for 46% of our net sales during fiscal 2016. 
    
  During fiscal 2016, 75% of our net sales were derived from major OEMs, such as Airbus, Boeing, BAE Systems, Bell Helicopter, Bombardier, Cessna, Embraer, Gulfstream, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon, and certain of their subcontractors. Government sales comprised 15% of our net sales during fiscal 2016 and were derived from various military parts procurement agencies such as the U.S. Defense Logistics Agency, or from defense contractors buying on their behalf. Aftermarket sales to airline-affiliated or independent MRO providers made up 6% of our fiscal 2016 net sales. The remaining 4% of our net sales were to other distributors. 
    
  During fiscal 2016, 59% of our net sales were derived from customers supporting commercial programs and 41% of our net sales were derived from customers supporting military programs. We also service international customers in markets that include Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Korea, Turkey and the United Kingdom. For additional information about our net sales and long-lived assets by geographic area, see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Procurement 
    
  We source our inventory from over 5,000 suppliers globally, including Precision Castparts Corp., Arconic (formerly Alcoa), PPG Industries, Lisi Aerospace, Consolidated Aerospace Manufacturing (CAM), TriMas, Esterline, RBC Bearings, Henkel and 3M.  During fiscal 2016, Precision Castparts Corp. and Arconic supplied 12% and 8%, respectively, of the products we purchased.  Suppliers typically prefer to deal with a relatively small number of large and sophisticated distributors in order to improve machine utilization; reduce finished goods inventory and related obsolescence costs; maintain pricing discipline; improve performance in meeting on-time-delivery targets to the end customers; and consolidate customer accounts, which can reduce administrative and overhead costs relating to sales and marketing, customer service and other functions.  As a result of  
  
   8 

     Table of Contents  

the scale of our operations and our long-standing relationships with many of our suppliers, we are often able to take advantage of significant volume-based discounts when purchasing inventory.  Given our industry position, financial strength and philosophy of cooperation with suppliers, we believe we are in an excellent position to become a distributor for new product lines as they become available. 
    
  Our management analyzes supply, demand, cost and pricing factors to make inventory investment decisions, which are facilitated by our highly customized IT systems, and we maintain close relationships with the leading suppliers in the industry.  Our strong understanding of the global aerospace industry is derived from our long-term relationships with major OEMs, subcontractors and suppliers.  In addition, our direct insight into our customers  production rates often allows us to detect industry trends.  Furthermore, our ability to forecast demand, share inventory and usage information, and place purchase orders with our suppliers well in advance of our customer requirements can provide us with a distinct advantage in an industry where inventory availability is critical for customers that need specific products within a stipulated timeframe to meet their own production and delivery commitments.  However, despite our expertise in this area, effective inventory management is an ongoing challenge, and we continue to take steps to enhance the sophistication of our procurement practices and mitigate the negative impact of inventory builds on our cash flow.  For additional information about the impact of inventory on our business, including our cash flows, see Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business and Industry-We may be unable to effectively manage our inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations,  Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Other Factors Affecting Our Financial Results-Fluctuations in Cash Flow,  and Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates-Inventories.  
    
  Information Technology Systems 
    
  We have invested to build integrated, highly customized IT systems that enable our purchasing and sales organization to make more informed decisions, our inventory management system to operate in an efficient manner and certain of our customers to make online purchases directly from us. Our primary scalable IT infrastructure is based on IBM and Oracle servers, the Oracle Enterprise database and the Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne (JDE), enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. Our chemical supply chain management system, tcmIS, is a proprietary system, developed using the Oracle Enterprise database. These customized IT systems provide us visibility into inventory quantities, stocking locations and purchases across our customer base by individual SKU, enabling us to accurately fill 16,000 orders per day and provide an exceptional level of customer service. These systems are fully capable of interfacing with external business systems, including Oracle, SAP, Microsoft and others, and we have developed additional functionality for JIT delivery and direct line feed of certain of the products we sell. This functionality includes recognition of signals and actions to fill customer bins from hand-held scanners, min/max data or proprietary signals from a customer s ERP system. JDE and tcmIS also support our EDI functionality, which allows our system to interface with customers and suppliers, regardless of technology, data format or connectivity. TcmIS also supports additional chemical-specific functionality, such as product labeling and Global Harmonized System compliance. 
    
  For our shipping logistics and export compliance support, we employ Precision Software s TRA/X. TRA/X enables us to ship globally while maintaining tracking numbers and rating information for each customer shipment. In addition, at several of our distribution facilities, we use Minerva s AIMS inventory management system in order to provide the best possible warehouse flow and cycle times. AIMS is tailored to fit our global warehouse operational needs and allows us to provide an expandable warehouse management system that can also incorporate transaction processing, work-in-progress and other manufacturing operations. AIMS interfaces with a broad range of material handling equipment, including horizontal and vertical carousels, conveyors, sorting equipment, pick systems and cranes. 
    
  Seasonality 
    
  Our net sales may fluctuate on a quarterly basis based on the number of production days at our customers' facilities, which is driven by holidays and planned production shutdowns, particularly the winter holidays during our first fiscal quarter and the in summer months during our fourth fiscal quarter. 
    
  Competition 
    
  The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and fragmented. We believe the principal competitive factors in our industry include the ability to provide superior customer service and support, on-time delivery, sufficient inventory availability, competitive pricing and an effective QA program. Our competitors include both U.S. and foreign companies, including divisions of larger companies and certain of our suppliers, some of which have significantly greater financial resources than we do, and therefore may be able to adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements than we can. In  
  
   9 

     Table of Contents  

addition to facing competition for Contract customers from our primary competitors, Contract customers or potential Contract customers may also determine that it is more cost effective to establish or re-establish an in-house supply chain management system. Under these circumstances, we may be unable to sufficiently reduce our costs in order to provide competitive pricing while also maintaining acceptable operating margins. 
    
  Employees 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, we employed 2,724 personnel worldwide, 955 of which were located at customer sites. We have 745 employees located outside of North America. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements with our employees. 
    
  Regulatory Matters 
    
  Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), prescribe standards for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products, as well as regulations regarding the repair and overhaul of airframes and engines. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. In addition, the products we distribute must also be certified by aircraft and engine OEMs. If any of the material authorizations or approvals that allow us to supply products is revoked or suspended, then the sale of the related products would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  From time to time, the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries propose new regulations or changes to existing regulations, which are usually more stringent than existing regulations. If these proposed regulations are adopted and enacted, we could incur significant additional costs to achieve compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We are also subject to government rules and regulations that include the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the Bribery Act 2010 (Bribery Act), the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), economic sanctions and the False Claims Act. See  Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business and Industry-We are subject to unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the U.S. government directly and as a subcontractor, which could lead to a reduction in our net sales from, or the profitability of our supply arrangements with, the U.S. government  and  -Our international operations require us to comply with numerous applicable anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations, including those of the U.S. government and various other jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.  
    
  Environmental Matters 
    
  We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution, protection of the environment and human health and safety, and the handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances, including potentially with respect to historical chemical blending and other activities that pre-dated our purchase of Haas. Actual or alleged violations of EHS laws, or permit requirements could result in restrictions or prohibitions on operations and substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as, under some EHS laws, the assessment of strict liability and/or joint and several liability. 
    
  Furthermore, we may be liable for the costs of investigating and cleaning up environmental contamination on or from our operations or at off-site locations, including potentially with respect to historical chemical blending and other activities that pre-dated our purchase of our businesses. We may therefore incur additional costs and expenditures beyond those currently anticipated to address all such known and unknown situations under existing and future EHS laws. 
    
  In addition, governmental, regulatory and societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection are resulting in increased pressure for more stringent regulatory control with respect to the chemical industry. The European Union s Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) regulations enacted in 2009 have been a continuing source of compliance obligations and restrictions on certain chemicals, and REACH-like regimes have now been adopted in several other countries.  In the United States, the core provisions of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) were amended in June 2016 for the first time in nearly 40 years.  Among the more significant changes are that these amendments mandate safety reviews of existing chemicals with regulatory action to restrict any  high risk  chemicals identified as result of such reviews. The amendments to the TSCA also mandate that the EPA establish a new inventory of existing chemicals, a process expected to result in identification of certain chemicals that may not have been properly  
  
   10 

     Table of Contents  

characterized on the original inventory and in restrictions on the use of such chemicals pending completion of a safety review. These types of changes in the Company s regulatory environment, particularly, but not limited to, in the United States, the European Union, Canada and China, could lead to heightened regulatory scrutiny and could adversely impact our ability to supply certain products and provide supply chain management services to our customers. Such changes also could result in compliance obligations for us directly or as part of our supply chain management services to customers, fines, ongoing monitoring and other future business activity restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity, financial position and results of operations. 
    
  Available Information 
    
  We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any documents that we file at the SEC s public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 to obtain further information about the public reference room. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC, including us. You may also access, free of charge, our reports filed with the SEC (for example, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those forms) through the  Investor Relations  portion of our website (www.wescoair.com). We also make available on our website our (1) Corporate Governance Guidelines, (2) Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to our directors, officers and employees, (3) Whistleblower Policy and (4) the charters of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Reports filed with or furnished to the SEC will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our website is included in this Annual Report as an inactive textual reference only. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS 
    
  You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
    
  Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
    
  We are directly dependent upon the condition of the aerospace industry, which is closely tied to global economic conditions, and if the volatility in the global financial markets were to result in a slowdown in the current economic recovery or a return to a recession, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
    
  Demand for the products and services we offer are directly tied to the delivery of new aircraft, aircraft utilization, and repair of existing aircraft, which, in turn, are impacted by global economic conditions. For example, 2009 revenue passenger miles (RPMs) on commercial aircraft declined due to the global recession. During the same period, the industry experienced declines in large commercial, regional and business jet deliveries. While demand for commercial and regional jets recovered, business jet orders and deliveries remain well below their pre-recession peak, reflecting a deeper downturn in the last recession and an uncertain economic outlook. A slowdown in the global economy, or a return to a recession, would negatively impact the aerospace industry, and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Military spending, including spending on the products we sell, is dependent upon national defense budgets, and a reduction in military spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  During the year ended September 30, 2016, 41% of our net sales were related to military aircraft. The military market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) budget. Future DoD budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy by the current and future presidential administrations and Congress, the U.S. government s budget deficits, spending priorities, the cost of sustaining the U.S. military presence in overseas operations and possible political pressure to reduce U.S. Government military spending, each of which could cause the DoD budget to decline. A decline in U.S. military expenditures could result in a reduction in military aircraft production, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

In particular, military spending may be negatively impacted by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the Budget Control Act), which was passed in August 2011. The Budget Control Act established limits on U.S. government discretionary spending, including a reduction of defense spending by approximately $490 billion between the 2012 and 2021 U.S. government fiscal 
  years, and also provided that the defense budget would face  sequestration  cuts of up to an additional $500 billion during that same period to the extent that discretionary spending limits were exceeded. The impact of sequestration was reduced with respect to the government s 2014 and 2015 fiscal years, in exchange for extending sequestration into fiscal years 2022 and 2023, following the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 in December 2013. The impact of sequestration was further reduced with respect to the government s 2016 and 2017 fiscal years, following the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 in November 2015. Sequestration is currently scheduled to resume in the government s 2018 fiscal year. We are unable to predict the impact the cuts associated with Sequestration will ultimately have on funding for the military programs which we support. However, such cuts could result in reductions, delays or cancellations of these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
    
  We are subject to unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the U.S. government directly and as a subcontractor, which could lead to a reduction in our net sales from, or the profitability of our supply arrangements with, the U.S. government. 
    
  Companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to U.S. government agencies are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. We contract directly with the U.S. government and are also a subcontractor to customers contracting with the U.S. government. Accordingly, the U.S. government may unilaterally suspend or prohibit us from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations, reduce the value of existing contracts or audit our contract-related costs and fees. In addition, most of our U.S. government contracts and subcontracts can be terminated by the U.S. government or the contracting party, as applicable, at its convenience. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. 
    
  In addition, we are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under government contracts. U.S. government agencies routinely audit government contractors to review performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of and compliance with internal control systems and policies. Any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract are not reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, must be refunded. Also, any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in payments being withheld, penalties and reduced future business. If a government inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with U.S. government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We are also subject to the federal False Claims Act, which provides for substantial civil penalties and treble damages where a contractor presents a false or fraudulent claim to the government for payment. Actions under the False Claims Act may be brought by the government or by other persons on behalf of the government (who may then share in any recovery). 
    
  We do not have guaranteed future sales of the products we sell and when we enter into Contracts with our customers we generally take the risk of cost overruns, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and operating margins may be negatively affected if we purchase more products than our customers require, product costs increase unexpectedly, we experience high start-up costs on new Contracts or our Contracts are terminated. 
    
  A majority of our Contracts are long-term, fixed-price agreements with no guarantee of future sales volumes, and they may be terminated for convenience on short notice by our customers, often without meaningful penalties, provided that we are reimbursed for the cost of any inventory specifically procured for the customer or inventory that is not commonly sold to our other customers. In addition, we purchase inventory based on our forecasts of anticipated future customer demand. As a result, we may take the risk of having excess inventory in the event that our customers do not place orders consistent with our forecasts, particularly with respect to inventory that has a more limited shelf-life. We also run the risk of not being able to pass along or otherwise recover unexpected increases in our product costs, including as a result of commodity price increases, which may increase above our established prices at the time we entered into the Contract and established prices for products we provide. When we are awarded new Contracts, particularly JIT contracts, we may incur high costs, including salary and overtime costs to hire and train on-site personnel, in the start-up phase of our performance. In the event that we purchase more products than our customers require, product costs increase unexpectedly, we experience high start-up costs on new Contracts  
  
   12 

     Table of Contents  

or our Contracts are terminated, our business, financial condition, results of operations and operating margins could be negatively affected. 
    
  If we lose significant customers, significant customers materially reduce their purchase orders or significant programs on which we rely are delayed, scaled back or eliminated, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.  
    
  Our top ten customers for the year ended September 30, 2016 accounted for 46% of our net sales. A reduction in purchasing by or loss of one of our larger customers for any reason, including changes in manufacturing or procurement practices, loss of a customer as a result of the acquisition of such customer by a purchaser who does not fully utilize a distribution model or uses a competitor, in-sourcing by customers, a transfer of business to a competitor, an economic downturn, failure to adequately service our clients or to manage the implementation of new customer sites, decreased production or a strike, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  As an example of changes in manufacturing practices that could impact us, OEMs such as Boeing and Airbus are currently incorporating an increasing amount of composite materials in the aircraft they manufacture. Aircraft utilizing composite materials generally require the use of significantly fewer C-class aerospace parts than new aircraft made of more traditional non-composite materials, although the parts used are generally higher priced than C-class aerospace parts used in non-composite aircraft structures. As Boeing, Airbus and other customers increase their reliance on composite materials, they may materially reduce their purchase orders from us. 
    
  As an example of the potential loss of business due to customer in-sourcing, a major OEM is undertaking an initiative to cause its first and second tier suppliers to source certain OEM-specific materials, including fasteners, directly from the OEM itself, rather than through distributors such as us. If such initiative is broadly implemented by the OEM, or if other OEMs pursue similar initiatives, a portion of our sales to their suppliers, and consequently our business, financial condition and results of operations, could be adversely affected. 
    
  We expect to derive a significant portion of our net sales from certain aerospace programs in their early production stages. In particular, our future growth will be dependent, in part, upon our sales to various OEMs and subcontractors. If production of any of the programs we support is terminated or delayed, or if our sales to customers affiliated with these programs are reduced or eliminated, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
    
  In addition, during fiscal 2014, we modified and extended a contract with an existing customer that resulted in a $66.3 million reduction in net sales to the customer during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, and a further reduction of $26.4 million in net sales to the customer during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 
    
  We operate in a highly competitive market and our failure to compete effectively may negatively impact our results of operations. 
    
  We operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies, including divisions of larger companies and certain of our suppliers, some of which may have significantly greater financial resources than we do, and therefore may be able to adapt more quickly to changes in customer requirements than we can. Our competitors consist of both U.S. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately held entities. We believe that our ability to compete depends on superior customer service and support, on-time delivery, sufficient inventory availability, competitive pricing and effective quality assurance programs. In order to remain competitive, we may have to adjust the prices of some of the products and services we sell and continue investing in our procurement, supply-chain management and sales and marketing functions, the costs of which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
    
  In addition, we face competition for our Contract customers from both competitors in our industry and the in-sourcing of supply-chain management by our customers themselves. If any of our Contract customers decides to in-source the services we provide or switch to one of our competitors, we would be adversely affected. 
    
  We may be unable to effectively manage our inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.    
    
  Due to the lead times required by many of our suppliers, we typically order products, particularly hardware products, in advance of expected sales, and the volume of such orders may be significant. Lead times generally range from several weeks up to two years, depending on industry conditions, which makes it difficult to successfully manage our inventory as we plan for future demand. In addition, demand for our products can fluctuate significantly, which can also negatively impact our cash  
  
   13 

     Table of Contents  

flows and inventory management. For example, we believe that the strategic inventory purchases we made during fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015, combined with lower than expected demand and a lack of discipline around our inventory planning process, negatively impacted our cash flows. In addition, we may choose to dispose of slow-moving inventory in the future if we 
  determine that the market and economics make it prudent to do so. For example, in the three months ended September 30, 2015, we determined that inventory previously purchased in connection with a specific program which was subsequently terminated, to have no alternative use, and we recorded a reserve of $33.0 million for such inventory. In addition, in the three months ended September 30, 2015, management implemented a new strategy of providing integrated supply chain services more tailored to customer demand through long-term contracts and focused forecasted consumption, including changes to our inventory purchasing strategy, holding inventory for shorter periods and the planned scrapping of long dated inventory. The new strategy and updates for fiscal 2015 sales activities led to changes in the sell through rates, holding period of aged inventory and others estimates used in the E O reserve for our hardware inventory, which increased our E O inventory reserves by $43.8 million. If we are unable to effectively manage our inventory, our cash flows may be negatively affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  If suppliers are unable to supply us with the products we sell in a timely manner, in adequate quantities and/or at a reasonable cost, we may be unable to meet the demands of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our inventory is primarily sourced directly from producers and manufacturing firms, and we depend on the availability of large supplies of the products we sell. Our largest supplier for the year ended September 30, 2016 was Precision Castparts Corp. During fiscal 2016, 12% of the products we purchased were from Precision Castparts Corp. and 8% were purchased from Arconic (formerly Alcoa). In addition, our ten largest suppliers during fiscal 2016 accounted for 32% of our purchases. These manufacturers and producers may experience capacity constraints that result in their being unable to supply us with products in a timely manner, in adequate quantities and/or at a reasonable cost. Contributing factors to manufacturer capacity constraints include, among other things, industry or customer demands in excess of machine capacity, labor shortages and changes in raw material flows. Any significant interruption in the supply of these products or termination of our relationship with any of our suppliers could result in us being unable to meet the demands of our customers, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our business is highly dependent on complex information technology. 
    
  The provision and application of IT is an increasingly critical aspect of our business. Among other things, our IT systems must frequently interact with those of our customers, suppliers and logistics providers. Our future success will depend 
  on our continued ability to employ IT systems that meet our customers  demands. The failure or disruption of the hardware or software that supports our IT systems, including redundancy systems, could significantly harm our ability to service our customers and cause economic losses for which we could be held liable and which could damage our reputation. In addition, we are subject to cybersecurity risk, which includes, but is not limited to, malicious software and unauthorized attempts to gain access to sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information related to us, our customers or suppliers. A cyber-related attack could cause a loss of data and interruptions or delays in our business (particularly with respect to our tcmIS operating system), cause us to incur remediation costs, subject us to claims and damage our reputation. In addition, the failure or disruption of our IT systems, communications or utilities could cause us to interrupt or suspend our operations or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our property and business interruption insurance may be inadequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur as a result of any system or operational failure or disruption which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Our competitors may have or may develop IT systems that permit them to be more cost effective and otherwise better situated to meet customer demands than IT systems we are able to acquire or develop. Larger competitors may be able to develop or license IT systems more cost effectively than we can by spreading the cost across a larger revenue base, and competitors with greater financial resources may be able to acquire or develop IT systems that we cannot afford. If we fail to meet the demands of our customers or protect against disruptions of our IT systems, we may lose customers, which could seriously harm our business and adversely affect our operating results and operating cash flow. 
    
  We may be unable to retain personnel who are key to our operations. 
    
  Our success, among other things, is dependent on our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified senior management and other key personnel. Competition for key personnel is intense, and our ability to attract and retain key personnel is dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. The inability to hire, develop and retain these key employees may adversely affect our operations. 
  
   14 

     Table of Contents  

There are risks inherent in international operations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  While the majority of our operations are based in the United States, we have significant international operations, with facilities in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom, and customers throughout North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and the Middle East. For the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 35% and 34%, respectively, of our net sales were derived from customers located outside the United States.  
    
  Our international operations are subject to, without limitation, the following risks: 

the burden of complying with multiple and possibly conflicting laws and any unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

political risks, including risks of loss due to civil disturbances, acts of terrorism, acts of war, guerilla activities and insurrection; 

unstable economic, financial and market conditions and increased expenses as a result of inflation, or higher interest rates; 

difficulties in enforcement of third-party contractual obligations and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations and the application of foreign labor regulations; 

differing local product preferences and product requirements; and 

potentially adverse tax consequences from changes in tax laws, requirements relating to withholding taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and restrictions on our ability to repatriate dividends from our subsidiaries. 
       
  In addition, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies affect the dollar value of our net investment in foreign subsidiaries, with these fluctuations being included in a separate component of stockholders  equity. At September 30, 2016, we reported a cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment of   $75.4 million   in stockholders  equity as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments, and we may incur additional adjustments in future periods. In addition, operating results of foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars for purposes of our statements of comprehensive income at average monthly exchange rates. Moreover, to the extent that our net sales are not denominated in the same currency as our expenses, our net earnings could be materially adversely affected. For example, a portion of labor, material and overhead costs for our facilities in the United Kingdom, Germany, France and Italy are incurred in British Pounds or Euros, but in certain cases the related net sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. Changes in the value of the U.S. dollar or other currencies could result in material fluctuations in foreign currency translation amounts or the U.S. dollar value of transactions and, as a result, our net earnings could be materially adversely affected. At times we engage in hedging transactions to manage or reduce our foreign currency exchange risk, but these transactions may not be successful and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. During fiscal 2016 and 2015, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had a negative impact on net sales of $30.2 million and $25.4 million, respectively. 
    
  Our international operations also cause our business to be subject to the U.S. Export Control regime and similar regulations in other countries, in particular in the United Kingdom. In the United States, items of a commercial nature are generally subject to regulatory control by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security under EAR, and the U.S. Department of State s ITAR and other international trade regulations may apply as well. Consequently, regulatory authorities may require us to obtain export licenses or other export authorizations to export the products we sell abroad, depending upon the nature of items being exported, as well as the country to which the export is to be made. We cannot be certain that our applications for export licenses or other authorizations will be granted or approved. Furthermore, the export license and export authorization process is often time-consuming. Violation of export control regulations could subject us to fines and other penalties, such as losing the ability to export for a period of years, which would limit our sales and significantly hinder our attempts to expand our business internationally. 

15 

     Table of Contents  

Our total assets include substantial intangible assets, and the write-off of a significant portion of our intangible assets would negatively affect our financial results. 
    
  Our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets. At September 30, 2016, goodwill and intangible assets, net represented   39.6%   of our total assets. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulting from acquisitions, including the acquisition of our Company by affiliates of The Carlyle Group (Carlyle) and the acquisition of Haas. Intangible assets represent trademarks, backlogs, non-compete agreements, technology and customer relationships. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there has been impairment in the value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. If our testing identifies impairment under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP), the impairment charge we calculate would result in a charge to income from operations. For example, during the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment of $263.8 million in our North America segment. Any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of goodwill and unamortized identified intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and total capitalization, which could be material. 
    
  Our international operations require us to comply with numerous applicable anti-corruption and trade control laws and regulations, including those of the U.S. government and various other jurisdictions, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and our subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various other jurisdictions, and our failure to successfully comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to liabilities. These laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. 
    
  In particular, our international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the FCPA, the Bribery Act and other applicable anti-corruption regimes. These laws generally prohibit us from corruptly providing anything of value, directly or indirectly, to government officials for the purposes of improperly influencing official decisions, improperly obtaining or retaining business, or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. As part of our business, we may deal with governments and state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered government officials for purposes of the FCPA, the Bribery Act or other applicable anti-corruption laws. Some anti-corruption laws, such as the Bribery Act, also prohibit commercial bribery and the acceptance of bribes, and the FCPA further requires publicly traded companies to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately reflect the transactions of the company. In addition, some of the international locations in which we operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption, and our industry is highly regulated, which increases our risk of violating anti-corruption laws. 
    
  As an exporter, we must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products, services and technology from the United States and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. In the U.S., these laws include, among others, EAR administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security, ITAR administered by the U.S. Department of State s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC), and trade sanctions, regulations and embargoes administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). These laws and regulations may require us to obtain individual validated licenses from the relevant agency to export, re-export, or transfer commodities, software, technology, or services to certain jurisdictions, individuals, or entities 
    
  Violations of these legal requirements are punishable by criminal fines and imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts, seizure and forfeiture of unlawful attempted exports, and/or denial of export privileges, as well as other remedial measures. We have established policies and procedures designed to assist us, our personnel and our agents to comply with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will effectively prevent us, our employees and our agents from violating these regulations in every transaction in which we may engage, and violations, allegations or investigations of such violations could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  If any of our customers were to become insolvent or experience substantial financial difficulties, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
    
  If any of the customers with whom we do business becomes insolvent or experiences substantial financial difficulties we may be unable to timely collect amounts owed to us by such customers and may not be able to sell the inventory we have purchased for such customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
  
   16 

     Table of Contents  

Our suppliers or our customers may experience damage to or disruptions at our or their facilities caused by natural disasters and other factors, which may result in our business, financial condition and results of operations being adversely affected. 
    
  Several of our facilities or those of our suppliers and customers could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquakes, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, fire, power loss, telecommunication and information systems failure or other similar events. Should insurance be insufficient to recover all such losses or should we be unable to reestablish our operations, or if our customers or suppliers were to experience material disruptions in their operations as a result of such events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
    
  We are dependent on access to and the performance of third-party package delivery companies. 
    
  Our ability to provide efficient distribution of the products we sell to our customers is an integral component of our overall business strategy. We do not maintain our own delivery networks, and instead rely on third-party package delivery companies. We cannot assure you that we will always be able to ensure access to preferred delivery companies or that these companies will continue to meet our needs or provide reasonable pricing terms. In addition, if the package delivery companies on which we rely experience delays resulting from inclement weather or other disruptions, we may be unable to maintain products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  A significant labor dispute involving us or one or more of our customers or suppliers, or a labor dispute that otherwise affects our operations, could reduce our net sales and harm our profitability. 
    
  Labor disputes involving us or one or more of our customers or suppliers could affect our operations. If our customers or suppliers are unable to negotiate new labor agreements and our customers  or suppliers  plants experience slowdowns or closures as a result, our net sales and profitability could be negatively impacted. 
    
  While our employees are not currently unionized, they may attempt to form unions in the future, and the employees of our customers, suppliers and other service providers may be, or may in the future be, unionized. We cannot assure you that there will not be any strike, lock out or material labor dispute with respect to our business or those of our customers or suppliers in the future that materially affects our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We may be materially adversely affected by high fuel prices. 
    
  Fluctuations in the global supply of crude oil and the possibility of changes in government policies on the production, transportation and marketing of jet fuel make it impossible to predict the future availability and price of jet fuel. In the event there is an outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other conflicts or significant disruptions in oil production or delivery in oil-producing areas or elsewhere, there could be reductions in the production or importation of crude oil and significant increases in the cost of jet fuel. If there were major reductions in the availability of jet fuel or significant increases in its cost, commercial airlines would face increased operating costs. Due to the competitive nature of the airline industry, airlines are often unable to pass on increases in fuel prices to customers by increasing fares. As a result, an increase in jet fuel could result in a decrease in net income from either lower margins or, if airlines increase ticket fares, lower net sales from reduced airline travel. Decreases in airline profitability could decrease the demand for new commercial aircraft, resulting in delays of or reductions in deliveries of commercial aircraft that utilize the products we sell, and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
    
  Our financial results may fluctuate from period-to-period, making quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our business, financial condition and results of operations less reliable indicators of our future performance. 
    
  There are many factors, such as the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry, fluctuations in our ad hoc sales, delays in major aircraft programs, planned production shutdowns, downward pressure on sales prices and changes in the volume of our customers  orders that could cause our financial results to fluctuate from period-to-period. For example, during the year ended September 30, 2016, 25% of our net sales were derived from ad hoc sales. The prices we charge for ad hoc sales are typically higher than the prices under our Contract sales. However, ad hoc customers may not continue to purchase the same amount of products from us as they have in the past, so it cannot be assured that in any given year we will be able to generate similar net sales from our ad hoc customers as we did in the past. We are also actively working to transition customers from ad hoc purchases to Contracts, which may also result in a reduction in ad hoc purchases. In addition, our acquisition of Haas has contributed to lower our ad hoc sales as a percentage of net sales. A significant diminution in our ad hoc sales in any given  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

period could result in fluctuations in our financial results and operating margins. As a result of these factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance. 
    
  We will continue to incur a significant increase in costs as a result of operating as a publicly traded company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance requirements and investor needs. 
    
  As a publicly traded company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and the rules of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange have imposed various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will continue to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will continue to result in increased legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we believe these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain appropriate levels of director and officer liability insurance. 
    
  We are subject to health, safety and environmental laws and regulations, any violation of which could subject us to significant liabilities and penalties. 
    
  We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution, protection of the environment and human health and safety, and the handling, transportation, storage, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances, including potentially with respect to historical chemical blending and other activities that pre-dated the purchase of the Haas business by us. Actual or alleged violations of EHS laws, or permit requirements could result in restrictions or prohibitions on operations and substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as, under some EHS laws, the assessment of strict liability and/or joint and several liability. 
    
  Furthermore, we may be liable for the costs of investigating and cleaning up environmental contamination on or from our operations or at off-site locations, including potentially with respect to historical chemical blending and other activities that pre-dated the purchase of the Haas business by us. We may therefore incur additional costs and expenditures beyond those currently anticipated to address all such known and unknown situations under existing and future EHS laws. 
    
  Governmental, regulatory and societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection are resulting in increased pressure for more stringent regulatory control with respect to the chemical industry. The European Union s REACH regulations enacted in 2009 have been a continuing source of compliance obligations and restrictions on certain chemicals, and REACH-like regimes have now been adopted in several other countries. In the United States, the core provisions of the Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) were amended in June 2016 for the first time in nearly 40 years.  Among the more significant changes are that these amendments mandate safety reviews of existing chemicals with regulatory action to restrict any  high risk  chemicals identified as result of such reviews. The amendments to the TSCA also mandate that the EPA establish a new inventory of existing chemicals, a process expected to result in identification of certain chemicals that may not have been properly characterized on the original inventory and in restrictions on the use of such chemicals pending completion of a safety review. These type of changes in the Company s regulatory environment, particularly, but not limited to, in the United States, the European Union, Canada and China, could lead to heightened regulatory scrutiny and could adversely impact our ability to supply certain products and provide supply chain management services to our customers. Such changes also could result in compliance obligations for us directly or as part of our supply chain management services to customers, fines, ongoing monitoring and other future business activity restrictions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  In addition, these concerns could influence public perceptions regarding our operations and our ability to attract and retain customers and employees. Moreover, changes in EHS regulations could inhibit or interrupt our operations, or require us to modify our facilities or operations. Accordingly, environmental or regulatory matters may cause us to incur significant unanticipated losses, costs, capital expenditures or liabilities, which could reduce our profitability. Such losses, costs, capital expenditures or liabilities will be subject to evolving regulatory requirements and will depend on the timing of the promulgation and enforcement of specific standards which impose requirements on our operations. As a result, these losses, costs, capital expenditures or liabilities may be more than currently anticipated. 
    
  Our operations involve risks associated with the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of chemical products that may increase our operating costs and reduce our profitability. 
    
  Our business is subject to hazards inherent in the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of chemical products. These hazards include: chemical spills, storage tank leaks, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and  
  
   18 

     Table of Contents  

other hazards incident to the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of dangerous chemicals. We are also potentially subject to other hazards, including natural disasters and severe weather; explosions and fires; transportation problems, including interruptions, spills and leaks; mechanical failures; unscheduled downtimes; labor difficulties; and other risks. Many potential hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of our own or our customers  operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities. Furthermore, we are subject to present and future claims with respect to our employees when working within our own operations or when supplying chemicals to and/or providing chemical management services at our customer s operations, other persons, including potentially our customers and their employees, workers  compensation and other matters. 
    
  We maintain property, business interruption, products liability and casualty insurance policies which we believe are in accordance with customary industry practices, as well as insurance policies covering other types of risks, including pollution legal liability insurance, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. Each of these insurance policies is subject to customary exclusions, deductibles and coverage limits, in accordance with industry standards and practices. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
    
  If the temperature control systems on which we rely fail, certain of the chemical products we sell may become  non-conforming  while in storage or in transit, and as a result, we may be responsible for providing replacement products to our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Many of the chemical products we sell are sensitive to temperature. Our storage facilities and the vehicles maintained by the third-party delivery companies on whom we rely utilize sophisticated temperature control systems to ensure safe storage and handling of these products. If these temperature control systems fail, products that are sensitive to temperature may become 
  non-conforming to the customer s specifications, and we may be responsible for providing replacement products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our reputation and/or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if one of the products we sell causes an aircraft to crash. 
    
  We may be exposed to liabilities for personal injury, death or property damage as a result of the failure of a product we have sold. We typically agree to indemnify our customers against certain liabilities resulting from the products we sell, and any third party indemnification we seek from our suppliers and our liability insurance may not fully cover our indemnification obligations to customers. We also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Any liability for which third-party indemnification is not available that is not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  In addition, a crash caused by one of the products we have sold could damage our reputation for selling quality products. We believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft products and believe our reputation for quality assurance is a significant competitive strength. If a crash were to be caused by one of the products we sold, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected. 
    
  We sell products to a highly regulated industry and our business may be adversely affected if our suppliers or customers lose government approvals, if more stringent government regulations are enacted or if industry oversight is increased. 
    
  The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the United States and in other countries. The FAA prescribes standards and other requirements for aircraft components in the U.S. and comparable agencies, such as the European Aviation Safety Agency, the Civil Aviation Administration of China and the Japanese Civil Aviation Bureau, regulate these matters in other countries. Our suppliers and customers must generally be certified by the FAA, the DoD and similar agencies in foreign countries. If any of our suppliers  government certifications are revoked, we would be less likely to buy such supplier s products, and, as a result, would need to locate a suitable alternate supply of such products, which we may be unable to accomplish on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If any of our customers  government certifications are revoked, their demand for the products we sell would decline. In each case, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, if new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, our suppliers and customers may incur significant expenses to comply with such new regulations or heightened industry oversight. In the case of our suppliers, these expenses may be passed on to us in the form of price increases, which we may be unable to pass along to our customers. In the case of our customers, these expenses may limit their ability to purchase products from us. In each case, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
    
  We may be unable to successfully consummate or integrate future acquisitions, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We may consider future acquisitions, some of which could be material to us. Depending upon the acquisition opportunities available, we may need to raise additional funds through the capital markets or arrange for additional debt financing in order to consummate such acquisitions. We may be unable to raise the capital required for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or at all, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  The results of the United Kingdom s referendum on withdrawal from the European Union may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business, which could reduce the price of our common stock.  
    
  We have material business operations in both the United Kingdom and the broader European Union. In June 2016, a majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union in a national referendum. The referendum was advisory, and the terms of any withdrawal are subject to a negotiation period that could last at least two years after the government of the United Kingdom formally initiates a withdrawal process. Nevertheless, the referendum has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union, and has given rise to calls for the governments of other European Union member states to consider withdrawal.  
    
  These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and could significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Asset valuations, currency exchange rates and credit ratings may be especially subject to increased market volatility. Lack of clarity about future United Kingdom laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate in the event of a withdrawal, including financial laws and regulations, tax and free trade agreements, intellectual property rights, supply chain logistics, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, immigration laws and employment laws, could decrease foreign direct investment in the United Kingdom, increase costs, depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital. If the United Kingdom and the European Union are unable to negotiate acceptable withdrawal terms or if other European Union member states pursue withdrawal, barrier-free access between the United Kingdom and other European Union member states or among the European economic area overall could be diminished or eliminated. Any of these factors could have direct or indirect impact on our business in the United Kingdom and the broader European Union, on our suppliers and customers in the United Kingdom and the broader European Union and on our business outside the United Kingdom and the broader European Union, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our common stock.  
    
  Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business. 
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our total long-term indebtedness outstanding under our Existing Credit Facilities (as defined in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) was   $841.9 million  , which was   48.7%   of our total capitalization. Subsequently, on October 4, 2016, we amended our Existing Credit Agreement, which resulted in total long-term indebtedness outstanding under our Credit Facilities (as defined in Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) of $865.6 million. 
    
  In addition, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. Our Credit Facilities contain a number of significant qualifications and exceptions that allow us to incur additional indebtedness, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage would increase. 
    
  Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to investors. For example, it could: 

increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and industry conditions; 
     
   20 

     Table of Contents  

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and 

limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens. 
       
  In addition, all of our debt under the Credit Facilities bears, and under the Existing Credit Facilities bore, interest at floating rates, causing us to enter into interest rate swap derivative instruments to partially offset our exposure to interest rate fluctuations, which result in additional risks. As of September 30, 2016, we had a current interest rate hedge liability and a long-term interest rate hedge liability of   $1.1 million   and   $5.6 million  , respectively. If our interest rate hedge was determined ineffective partially or entirely as defined by GAAP, the ineffective portion or the entire amount of our interest rate hedge liabilities would adversely affect our earnings. Our derivatives also expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement, which could negate the intended protection from our hedge instruments. See further discussion on our derivative financial instruments in Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the Credit Facilities or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. If we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital and cannot assure you that we will be successful in implementing any such actions or that any actions we take will allow us to stay in compliance with the terms of our indebtedness. 
    
  The terms of the Credit Facilities and other debt instruments may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
    
  The Credit Facilities contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. The Credit Facilities include covenants restricting, among other things, our ability to: 

incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; 

pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt; 

make investments; 

sell assets; 

enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us; 

incur or allow existing liens; 

consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets; 

engage in transactions with affiliates; 

enter into sale leaseback transactions; 

change fiscal periods; 

enter into agreements that restrict the granting of liens or the making of subsidiary distributions; 

21 

     Table of Contents  

create unrestricted subsidiaries; and 

engage in certain business activities. 
       
  In addition, the Credit Facilities contain a maximum leverage ratio covenant. A breach of this financial covenant could result in a default under the Credit Facilities. If any such default occurs, the lenders under the Credit Facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under the Credit Facilities also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, following an event of default under the Credit Facilities, the lenders under those facilities will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash. If the debt under the Credit Facilities was to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt. See Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities  for additional information about the Company s compliance with the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) maintenance covenant contained in the Credit Agreement. 
    
  Risks Related to our Common Stock 
    
  The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
    
  Volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your common stock at or above the price you paid for your common stock. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for various reasons, including: 

our operating and financial performance and prospects; 

our quarterly or annual earnings or those of other companies in our industry; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

changes in, or failure to meet, earnings estimates or recommendations by research analysts who track our common stock or the stock of other companies in our industry; 

the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock or changes in analyst recommendations; 

credit ratings downgrades or other negative actions by ratings agencies for us or our subsidiaries; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

the impact on our profitability temporarily caused by the time lag between when we experience cost increases until these increases flow through cost of sales because of our method of accounting for inventory, or the impact from our inability to pass on such price increases to our customers;  

material litigation or government investigations; 

changes in general conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to such events; 

changes in key personnel; 

sales of common stock by us or members of our management team; 

the volume of trading in our common stock; and 

the realization of any risks described under  Risk Factors.  
     
   22 

     Table of Contents  

In addition, in recent years, the U.S. stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in our industry. The changes have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our Company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
    
  We have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock, so you may not receive funds without selling your common stock. 
    
  We have no plans to pay regular dividends on our common stock. We generally intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that our Board of Directors deems relevant. The Credit Facilities also effectively limit our ability to pay dividends. Accordingly, you may have to sell some or all of your common stock in order to generate cash flow from your investment. You may not receive a gain on your investment when you sell your common stock and you may lose the entire amount of the investment. 
    
  Provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, as a result, depress the trading price of our common stock. 
    
  Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our Company may deem advantageous. These provisions: 

establish a classified Board of Directors, with three classes of directors; 

authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our Board of Directors could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt; 

limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

prohibit our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders; 

prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

provide that our Board of Directors is expressly authorized to adopt, or to alter or repeal our bylaws; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
       
  These anti-takeover defenses, while adopted for the purpose of protecting shareholder value, could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our Company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those you desire. 
    
  Future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our share price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities may dilute your ownership in us and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
    
  We and our existing stockholders may sell additional shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or convertible debt securities to finance future acquisitions. As of September 30, 2016, we had 950,000,000 shares of common stock authorized and 98,614,908 shares of common stock outstanding. In addition, we have 2,700,157 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and 4,399,512 available shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. 2014 Incentive Award Plan (the 2014 Plan). 

23 

     Table of Contents  

We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including sales pursuant to Carlyle s registration rights and shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock.  

ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
  None. 

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES 
    
  Our global headquarters is located at 24911 Avenue Stanford, Valencia, California 91355. As of September 30, 2016, we have a total of 57 administrative, sales and/or stocking facilities, all of which are either leased or located at a customer site, except for our global headquarters, which is owned by us. These facilities, including facilities in Northlake, Texas; McDonough, Georgia; Wichita, Kansas; Austin, Texas; Mississauga, Ontario; Cleckheaton, United Kingdom and Clayton West, United Kingdom, are located in 17 countries, including the U.S., Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom. 
    
  Our warehouse operations are divided between CSLs and Forward Stocking Locations (FSLs). Our CSLs serve as the primary supply warehouses for most of our net sales and also house our procurement, customer service, document control, IT, material support and quality assurance functions. Our CSLs are supported by sales offices throughout the U.S., Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Italy, Mexico, Singapore and the United Kingdom. 
    
  Complementing our CSLs and sales offices are FSLs. An FSL is a specialized stocking point for one or more Contracts located within a geographic region. FSLs are typically located either near or within a customer facility and are established to support large Contracts. In certain instances, FSLs initially established to service a single customer are expanded to service other regional customers. 
    
  We believe that our existing facilities, including both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. For additional information regarding obligations under operating leases, see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are involved in various legal matters that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We believe that the ultimate outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that such actions will not be material or adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. For more information see Note 17 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4.  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

24 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
    
  Market Information About Our Common Stock 
    
  Our common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol  WAIR  on July 28, 2011. Before then, there was no public market for our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of our common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange: 

Stockholders 
    
  On September 30, 2016, the closing price reported on the New York Stock Exchange of our common stock was $13.43 per share. As of   November 21, 2016  , we had approximately 104 holders of record of our common stock. 
    
  Dividends 
    
  We have not paid dividends in the past and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for the future operation and expansion of our business and the repayment of debt. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable laws and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Our existing indebtedness effectively limits our ability to pay dividends and make distributions to our stockholders. 
    
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
    
  None. 

25 

     Table of Contents  

Performance 
    
  The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock between September 30, 2011 and September 30, 2016 to (1) the cumulative total return of U.S. companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange and (2) the cumulative total return of a peer group selected by the Company (BE Aerospace, Inc. (BEAV), Esterline Technologies Corporation (ESL), Fastenal Company (FAST), HEICO Corporation (HEI), KLX Inc. (KLXI), MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. (MSM), Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) and W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW)) over the same period. The peer group reflects a mix of companies that we believe is reflective of our broader industry and line-of-business. This graph assumes an initial investment of $100 on September 30, 2011, in our common stock, the market index and the peer group and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. The historical information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

26 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
    
  The selected income statement and other data for each of the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and the selected balance sheet data as of September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements that are included in this Annual Report. The selected income statement and other data for the years ended September 30, 2013, and 2012 and the selected balance sheet data as of September 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 have been derived from audited consolidated financial statements that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  The financial data set forth below are not necessarily indicative of future results of operations. This data should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

(3) 
    Total long-term debt and capital lease obligations excludes current portion. 

27 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
    
  The following discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  The statements in this discussion regarding industry trends, our expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors  and  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward- Looking Statements.  Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 
    
  Industry Trends Affecting Our Business 
    
  We rely on demand for new commercial and military aircraft for a significant portion of our sales. Commercial aircraft demand is driven by many factors, including the global economy, industry passenger volumes and capacity utilization, airline profitability, introduction of new models and the lifecycle of current fleets. Demand for business jets is closely correlated to regional economic conditions and corporate profits, but also influenced by new models and changes in ownership dynamics. Military aircraft demand is primarily driven by government spending, the timing of orders and evolving U.S. Department of Defense strategies and policies. 
    
  Aftermarket demand is affected by many of the same trends as those in OEM channels, as well as requirements to maintain aging aircraft and the cost of fuel, which can lead to greater utilization of existing planes. Demand in the military aftermarket is further driven by changes in overall fleet size and the level of U.S. military operational activity domestically and overseas. 
    
  Supply chain service providers and distributors have been aided by these trends along with an increase in outsourcing activities, as OEMs and their suppliers focus on reducing their capital commitments and operating costs. 
    
  Commercial Aerospace Market 
    
  Over the past three years, major airlines have ordered new aircraft at a robust pace, aided by strong profits and increasing passenger volumes. At the same time, volatile fuel prices have led to greater demand for fuel-efficient models and new engine options for existing aircraft designs. The rise of emerging markets has added to the growth in overall demand at a stronger pace than seen historically. More recently, several airlines have slowed the pace of orders with large commercial OEMs in response to rapidly changing macroeconomic conditions. In spite of this development, large commercial OEMs have indicated that they continue to expect a high level of deliveries, primarily due to their unprecedented level of backlogs.     Business aviation has lagged the larger commercial market, reflecting a deeper downturn in the last recession and an uncertain economic outlook. Overall business aviation production levels remain well below their pre-recession peak, though newer models have seen a greater acceptance in the marketplace than older and previously owned aircraft. 
    
  Military Aerospace Market 
    
  Military build-rates have declined for the past few years (and they may continue to decline going forward), which has negatively affected this portion of our business. We believe the diversity of the military aircraft programs we support can help mitigate the impact of new program delays, changes or cancellations. In particular, we believe the services we provide the Joint Strike Fighter program will benefit our future business as production for that program increases. Increased sales for other established aircraft programs that directly benefit from such changes also help moderate build-rate declines. 
    
  Other Factors Affecting Our Financial Results 
    
  Fluctuations in Revenue 
    
  There are many factors, such as fluctuations in ad hoc sales, timing of aircraft deliveries, changes in selling prices, the amount of new customers  consigned inventory and the volume or timing of customer orders that can cause fluctuations in our financial results from quarter-to-quarter. To normalize for short-term fluctuations, we tend to look at our performance over several quarters or years of activity rather than discrete short-term periods. As such, it can be difficult to determine longer-term trends in our business based on quarterly comparisons. 
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

We will continue our strategy of seeking to expand our relationships with existing customers by transitioning them to Contracts, as well as expanding relationships with our existing Contract customers to include additional customer sites, additional SKUs and additional levels of service. We believe this strategy serves to mitigate fluctuations in our net sales. However, our sales to Contract customers may fail to meet our expectations for a variety of reasons, in particular if industry build rates are lower than expected or, for certain newer JIT customers, if their consigned inventory, which must be exhausted before corresponding products are purchased directly from us, is larger than we expected. 
    
  During the year ended September 30, 2014, we modified and extended a contract with an existing customer that resulted in a $66.3 million reduction in net sales to the customer during the year ended September 30, 2015, and a further reduction of $26.4 million in net sales to the customer during the year ended September 30, 2016 compared to the year ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  If any of our customers are acquired or controlled by a company that elects not to utilize our services, or attempt to implement in-sourcing initiatives, it could have a negative effect on our strategy to mitigate fluctuations in our net sales. Additionally, although we derive a significant portion of our net sales from the building of new commercial and military aircraft, we have not typically experienced extreme fluctuations in our net sales when sales for an individual aircraft program decrease, which we believe is attributable to our diverse base of customers and programs. In addition, we believe our substantial sales under Contracts helps to mitigate fluctuations in our financial results, as Contract customers tend to have steadier purchasing patterns than ad hoc customers. However, as mentioned above, our sales to Contract customers may fail to meet our expectations for a variety of reasons, in particular if industry build rates are lower than expected or, for certain newer JIT customers, if their consigned inventory, which must be exhausted before corresponding products are purchased directly from us, is larger than we expected or if estimated usage rates are actually lower. In addition, we believe that during industry growth cycles, our customer s demand may begin to exceed supplier lead times, which could result in an increase in our ad hoc sales. 
    
  Fluctuations in Margins 
    
  We added chemicals to our product offerings in connection with our Haas acquisition on February 28, 2014. Gross profit margins on chemicals are lower than the gross profit margins on many of the products we sold prior to the Haas acquisition, which resulted in a reduction in our overall gross profit margins. In addition, we believe our gross profit margins may also be negatively impacted to the extent other lower-margin product lines, such as electronic components, exceed the growth rates of higher margin product lines. In addition, there continues to be pricing pressure throughout the supply chain. 
    
  We also believe that our strategy of growing our Contract sales and converting ad hoc customers into Contract customers could negatively affect our gross profit margins, as gross profit margins tend to be higher on ad hoc sales than they are on Contract-related sales. However, we believe any potential adverse impact on our gross profit margins is outweighed by the benefits of a more stable long-term revenue stream attributable to Contract customers.  
    
  Our Contracts generally provide for fixed prices, which can expose us to risks if prices we pay to our suppliers rise due to increased raw material or other costs. However, we believe our expansive product offerings and inventories, our ad hoc sales and, where possible, our longer-term agreements with suppliers have enabled us to mitigate this risk. 
    
  Fluctuations in Cash Flow 
    
  We believe our cash flows may be affected by fluctuations in our inventory that can occur over time. When we are awarded new programs, we have generally increased our inventory to account for expected sales related to the new program, which often take time to materialize. As a result, if certain programs for which we have procured inventory are delayed or if certain newer JIT customers  consigned inventory is larger than we expected, we may experience a more sustained inventory increase.  
    
  Inventory fluctuations may also be attributable to general industry trends. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations in inventory levels in the future could include (1) strategic purchases (a) to take advantage of favorable pricing, (b) made in anticipation of the expected industry growth cycle, (c) to support new customer Contracts or (d) to acquire high-volume products that are typically difficult to obtain in sufficient quantities, (2) changes in supplier lead times and the timing of inventory deliveries, (3) purchases made in anticipation of future growth (particularly growth in our MRO business) and (4) purchases made in connection with the expansion of existing Contracts. While effective inventory management is an ongoing challenge, we continue to take steps to enhance the sophistication of our procurement practices to mitigate the negative impact of inventory buildups on our cash flow. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Our accounts receivable balance as a percentage of net sales may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. These fluctuations are primarily driven by changes, from quarter-to-quarter, in the timing of sales and the current average days  sales outstanding. The completion of customer Contracts with accelerated payment terms can also contribute to these quarter-to-quarter fluctuations. Similarly, our accounts payable may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, which is primarily driven by the timing of purchases or payments made to our suppliers. 
    
  Segment Presentation 
    
  We conduct our business through two reportable segments: North America and Rest of World. We evaluate segment performance based on segment income or loss from operations. Each segment reports its results of operations and makes requests for capital expenditures and acquisition funding to our chief operating decision maker (CODM). Our chief executive officer serves as our CODM. 
    
  Restructuring Activities 
    
  In September 2015, we committed to a Global Restructuring Plan, which involved the immediate elimination of 
  redundant positions and the closure and consolidation of various facilities in order to better align our workforce to the growth areas of our business and to streamline our operations in order to increase efficiency and effectiveness. For the year ended September 30, 2016, total cost savings to our selling, general and administrative expenses were $26.5 million, excluding impact from foreign exchange rate movements, most of which is recurring and driven by actions under our Global Restructuring Plan. Out of the $26.5 million, $22.0 million impacted the North America segment and $4.5 million impacted Rest of World segment. For more information on our Global Restructuring Plan, see Note 22 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Revision of Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
    
  We determined that our 2015 cash paid for interest of $15.7 million as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K is understated. The correct amount is $32.6 million. We have revised our 2015 cash paid for interest amount to present the correct amount in Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The misstatement had no effect on previously reported income from operations, net income or cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2015 and the interim periods within that year. We have evaluated the misstatement and do not believe it is material to the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2015. 
    
     Key Components of Our Results of Operations 
    
  The following is a discussion of the key line items included in our financial statements for the periods presented below under the heading  Results of Operations.  These are the measures that management utilizes to assess our results of operations, anticipate future trends and evaluate risks in our business. 
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Our net sales include sales of hardware, chemicals, electronic components, bearings, tools and machined parts, and eliminate all intercompany sales. We also provide certain services to our customers, including quality assurance, kitting, JIT delivery and point-of-use inventory management. However, these services are provided by us contemporaneously with the delivery of the product, and as such, once the product is delivered, we do not have a post-delivery obligation to provide services to the customer. Accordingly, the price of such services is generally included in the price of the products delivered to the customer, and revenue is recognized upon delivery of the product, at which point, we have satisfied our obligations to the customer. We do not account for these services as a separate element, as the services generally do not have stand-alone value and cannot be separated from the product element of the arrangement. 
    
  We serve our customers under both Contracts, which include JIT contracts and LTAs, and ad hoc sales. Under JIT contracts, customers typically commit to purchase specified products from us at a fixed price, on an if-and-when needed basis, and we are responsible for maintaining high levels of stock availability of those products. LTAs are typically negotiated price lists for customers or individual customer sites that cover a range of pre-determined products, purchased on an as-needed basis. Ad hoc customers purchase products from us on an as-needed basis and are generally supplied out of our existing inventory. In addition, Contract customers often purchase products that are not captured under their Contract on an ad hoc basis. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

Income from Operations 
    
  Income from operations is the result of subtracting the cost of sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses from net sales, and is used primarily to evaluate our performance and profitability. 
    
  The principal component of our cost of sales is product cost, which was 93.0% of our total cost of sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016  . The remaining components are freight and expediting fees, import duties, tooling repair charges, packaging supplies and physical inventory adjustment charges, which collectively were 7.0% of our total cost of sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Product cost is determined by the current weighted average cost of each inventory item, except for chemical parts for which the first-in, first-out method is used, and the adjustment to the reserve, if any, for excess and obsolete inventory. The inventory reserve is calculated to estimate the amount of excess and obsolete inventory we currently have on-hand. We review inventory for excess quantities and obsolescence quarterly and adjust the reserve and future forecasted sell-through rates as necessary. For a description of our E O reserve policy, see   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Inventories.  Charges to cost of sales for the increase of our E O reserve and related items of $14.6 million, $95.1 million and $17.7 million were recorded during the years ended   September 30, 2016  , 2015 and 2014, respectively. We believe that these amounts appropriately reflect the risk of E O inventory inherent in our business. The larger charges of $95.1 million recorded in the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2016 and 2014 are primarily due to $76.8 million charges relating to inventory previously purchased in connection with a specific program which was subsequently terminated and deemed to have no alternative use (totaling $33.0 million), and our change in the estimation methodology by which we determine the E O reserve for our hardware inventory from an aging methodology to a consumption methodology (totaling $43.8 million), see   Change in Estimate Inventory E O Reserve.  For a more detailed description of the E O reserves, see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  The principal components of our selling, general and administrative expenses are salaries, wages, benefits and bonuses paid to our employees; stock-based compensation; commissions paid to outside sales representatives; travel and other business expenses; training and recruitment costs; marketing, advertising and promotional event costs; rent; bad debt expense; professional services fees (including legal, audit and tax); and ordinary day-to-day business expenses. Depreciation and amortization expense is also included in selling, general and administrative expenses, and consists primarily of scheduled depreciation for leasehold improvements, machinery and equipment, vehicles, computers, software and furniture and fixtures. Depreciation and amortization also includes intangible asset amortization expense. 
    
  Other Expenses 
    
  Interest Expense, Net.    Interest expense, net consists of the interest we pay on our long-term debt, fees on our revolving facility (as defined below under   Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities ) and our line-of-credit and deferred financing costs, net of interest income. 
    
  Other Income (Expense), Net.    Other income (expense), net is primarily comprised of foreign exchange gain or loss associated with transactions denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currency of the reporting subsidiary. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
    
  The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our most critical accounting policies have a significant impact on the results we report in our financial statements. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an on-going basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our experience and assumptions form the basis for our judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from what we anticipate, and different assumptions or estimates about the future could change our reported results. We believe the following accounting policies are the most critical in that they significantly affect our financial statements, and they require our most significant estimates and complex judgments. 
    
  Inventories 
    
  Our inventory is comprised solely of finished goods. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (LCM). The method by which amounts are removed from inventory are weighted average cost for all inventory, except for chemical parts for which the first-in, first-out method is used. 

31 

     Table of Contents  

We record provisions, as appropriate, to write-down E O inventory to estimated net realizable value. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write down our inventory to the lower of cost or estimated market value or to completely write-off obsolete or excess inventory. Most of our inventory provisions relate to the write-off of excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. The process for evaluating E O inventory often requires us to make subjective judgments and estimates concerning future sales levels, quantities and prices at which such inventories will be able to be sold in the normal course of business. 
    
  The components of our inventory are subject to different risks of excess quantities or obsolescence. Our hardware inventory, which does not expire or have a pre-determined shelf life, bears a higher risk of excess quantities than of becoming obsolete. However, our chemical inventory becomes obsolete when it has aged past its shelf-life, cannot be recertified and is no longer usable or able to be sold, or the inventory has been damaged on-site or in-transit. In such instances, a full reserve is taken against such inventory. 
    
  Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Our estimates of future product demand and selling prices may prove to be inaccurate, in which case we may have understated or overstated the write-down required for E O inventories. In the future, if our inventories are determined to be valued higher than LCM, we will be required to reduce the value of such inventories to LCM and recognize the differences in our cost of goods sold at the time of such determination. Conversely, if our inventories are determined to be valued below LCM, we may have over-reported our costs of goods sold in previous periods and will be required to defer the recognition of such additional operating income until those inventories are sold. As of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, our E O reserve was $250.7 million and $264.1 million, respectively. Charges to cost of sales for the increase in our E O reserves and related items were $14.6 million, $ 95.1 million and $17.7 million in the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We believe that these amounts appropriately reflect the risk of E O inventory inherent in our business. 
    
  The following table provides a rollforward of the Company's E O inventory reserve for the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands). 

(1) 
    Historically, management s strategy was to purchase inventory in large quantities to capture purchase discounts and rebates, hold inventory for long periods of time and meet customer ad hoc and unplanned inventory needs. As a result, we maintained parts on hand with low annual sales but large cumulative sales over many years and historically scrapped very little inventory. The inventory would typically be sold well in excess of cost. Each fiscal year-end, we performed a reserve adequacy test by performing a hypothetical liquidation of the ending inventory balance using the historical actual sell-through rates based on the year of inventory purchase and adjust the reserve as needed. We were adequately reserved as of September 30, 2014 and each of the quarterly periods ended December 31, 2014, March 31, 2015 and June 30, 2015. 
       
  In May 2015, we hired a new Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who implemented a different strategy with respect to the management of our inventory. This change in strategy was driven by a change in the nature of our business towards a higher percentage of revenue coming from recurring customer contracts, which allows for more predictable buying patterns and holding inventory for a shorter period of time and at levels closer to current demand. As a result of this change, during the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we updated our E O reserve model, reflecting the new strategy shift to hold inventory at lower quantity levels. This model is  
  
   32 

     Table of Contents  

performed at the individual SKU level with a shorter forecast period than was historically applied in the liquidation model, which resulted in an increase in the reserve of $43.8 million. Our commitment to this new strategy was demonstrated by the scrapping of older inventory, resulting in a write-off of $23.5 million and $28.4 million of E O reserve for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
    
           (2) 
    During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we wrote off $33.0 million of inventory related to the termination of a contract in support of a specific program. The program is a large commercial customer s new aircraft model. We had entered into two arrangements in 2009 and 2010 to support this program, and had purchased inventory for the program over a period of years beginning in 2009. 
       
  During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, we were notified that this program would be modified and disclosed the estimated impact of the modifications in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 under Part II, Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Other Factors Affecting Our Financial Results Fluctuations in Revenue.  
    
  As a result of this notification, our management assessed the need for an E O reserve on the related inventory at each subsequent reporting period. For each reporting period up to the quarter ended June 30, 2015, we determined that a charge was not necessary due to the following alternatives that were available: (i) negotiations with the customer regarding the extent of the modification were continuing, (ii) the platform being supported continued to have a strong order backlog and the parts held in our inventory were used in current production, (iii) we were in negotiations with the customer and had experienced a history of favorable negotiations with the customer after a contract termination to recover the cost of the inventory purchased and (iv) we were exploring opportunities to sell the inventory to other suppliers of this customer. 
    
  During the quarter ended September 30, 2015, we were informed by the customer that they had a substantial supply of the inventory in question. Based on the analysis performed by us and despite on-going negotiations with the customer, we determined that other options were no longer probable, including the potential sale of the inventory to other suppliers of the customer. As a result, the quantity on hand was deemed not saleable and therefore was written down by $33.0 million to its net realizable value. 
    
  The Years Ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015    
    
  In conducting our E O reserve for our hardware inventory, we consider a variety of factors, including historical sales over a five year period which we utilize to forecast future demand. E O inventory is identified by comparing current inventory levels to future demand, and is reserved appropriately. We also stratify the inventory population in order to identify inventory which is sold to a single customer, and we therefore have increased risk of holding excess or obsolete inventory should the underlying contracts with that customer be terminated or otherwise not renewed. 
    
  We also consider a variety of factors, including shelf-life expiration, damage to products, rights we have with certain manufacturers to exchange unsold products for new products and open customer orders. 
     
  Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
    
  Goodwill represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets acquired in a business combination are not amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently should an event occur or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may be impaired. Such events or circumstances may be a significant change in business climate, economic and industry trends, legal factors, negative operating performance indicators, significant competition, changes in strategy, or disposition of a reporting unit or a portion thereof. Goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level on July 1 of each year and when circumstances change that might indicate impairment. 
    
  We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative assessment process, or using a two-step quantitative assessment process. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment process and determine it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that the carrying value of the net assets is more than the fair value of the reporting unit, the two-step quantitative assessment process is then performed; otherwise, no further testing is required. Factors utilized in the qualitative assessment include the following: macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; cost factors; overall financial performance; Wesco entity specific operating results and other relevant Wesco entity specific events. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment process and, instead, proceed directly to the two step quantitative assessment  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

process. For reporting units where the two-step quantitative assessment process is performed, the first step involves comparing the carrying value of net assets, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired and the second step of the process is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value, the second step measures the impairment loss, if any. 
    
  The first step identifies potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. We have four reporting units, which are North America Hardware, Rest of World Hardware, North America Chemical and Rest of World Chemical. The estimates of fair value of a reporting unit are determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis and market earnings multiples. A discounted cash flow analysis requires us to make various judgmental assumptions, including assumptions about future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the forecast and long-term business plans of each reporting unit. Discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting units. If the fair value exceeds the carrying value of a reporting unit, goodwill is not considered impaired and the second step of the test is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds the fair value of a reporting unit, the second step measures the impairment loss, if any. 
    
  The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. The implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is calculated by creating a hypothetical balance sheet as if the reporting unit had just been acquired. This balance sheet contains all assets and liabilities recorded at fair value (including any intangible assets that may not have any corresponding carrying value in our balance sheet). The implied value of the reporting unit s goodwill is calculated by subtracting the fair value of the net assets from the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.  
    
  We performed our Step 1 goodwill impairment tests on July 1, 2016. The results of these tests indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values.  
    
  We performed our Step 1 goodwill impairment tests on July 1, 2015. The results of these tests indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values, with the exception of the North America Hardware reporting unit within our North America segment reflecting management s reduced sales and earnings outlook. The impact of market pressures such as decreasing revenue and under-performance relative to forecast adversely impacted the fair value of this reporting unit. As a result, we proceeded to Step 2 of the goodwill impairment analysis, and compared the implied value of North America Hardware s goodwill with the carrying value of its goodwill, and since the carrying value exceeded the implied fair value, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $263.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  The preparation of our internal forecasts requires significant judgments, including the estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, cost containment activities, changes in working capital, growth rates, discount rates, and other factors. Changes in these factors could significantly change our internal forecasts, which could significantly change the amount of impairment recorded, if any. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  We recognize product and service revenue when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) title transfers to the customer, (3) the sales price charged is fixed or determinable and (4) collection is reasonably assured. In instances where title does not pass to the customer upon shipment, we recognize revenue upon delivery or customer acceptance, depending on the terms of the sales contract. 
    
  We report revenue on a gross or net basis based on management s assessment of whether we act as a principal or agent in the transaction. We assess whether we act as a principal in the transaction or as an agent acting on behalf of others by considering such factors as to whether or not we obtain control of the product, the form of consideration we receive, our ability to influence pricing, and our performance obligations. Based upon these criteria, if we are the principal in the transaction and have the risks and rewards of ownership, the transactions are recorded as gross in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. If we do not act as a principal in the transaction, the transactions are recorded on a net basis in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The majority of our revenue is recorded on a gross basis with the exception of certain gas, energy and chemical manager service contracts that are recorded as net revenue. 
    
  We also enter into sales rebate and profit sharing arrangements with our customers. Such customer incentives are accounted for as a reduction to gross sales and recorded based upon estimates at the time products are sold. These estimates are  
  
   34 

     Table of Contents  

based upon historical experience for similar programs and products. We review such rebates and profit sharing arrangements on an ongoing basis and accruals are adjusted, if necessary, as additional information becomes available. 
    
  Management provides allowances for credits and returns, based on historic experience, and adjusts such allowances as considered necessary. To date, such provisions have been within the range of management s expectations and the allowance established. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible or includible in taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in our assessment. Our foreign subsidiaries are taxed in local jurisdictions at local statutory rates. The Company includes interest and penalties related to income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits, within income tax expense. 
    
  We determine whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  We have recorded valuation allowances of $5.5 million and $6.0 million as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, against certain deferred tax assets, which consist primarily of temporary differences related to certain Haas foreign tax credits and Haas foreign net operating losses. The valuation allowances are based on our estimates of taxable income by jurisdictions in which we operate and the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable. If actual results differ from these estimates or if we revise these estimates in future periods, we may need to adjust the valuation allowances which could materially impact our financial position and results of operations.  
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We account for all stock-based compensation awards to employees and members of our Board of Directors based upon their fair values as of the date of grant using a fair value method and recognize the fair value of each award as an expense over the requisite service period using the graded vesting method for awards with performance conditions and the straight line method for awards with service conditions only. 
    
  For purposes of calculating stock-based compensation, we estimate the fair value of stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model, which requires the use of certain subjective assumptions including expected term, volatility, expected dividend, risk-free interest rate, and the fair value of our common stock. These assumptions generally require significant judgment. 
    
  We estimate the expected term of employee options using the average of the time-to-vesting and the contractual term. We derive our expected volatility from the historical volatilities of several unrelated public companies within our industry because we have little information on the volatility of the price of our common stock since we have limited trading history. When making the selections of our industry peer companies to be used in the volatility calculation, we also consider the size and financial leverage of potential comparable companies. These historical volatilities are weighted based on certain qualitative factors and combined to produce a single volatility factor. Our expected dividend rate is zero, as we have never paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate any dividends in the foreseeable future. We base the risk-free interest rate on the U.S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of grant for zero coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to each grant s expected life. For awards with performance conditions, we estimate the probability that the performance condition will be met. 
    
  We estimate our forfeiture rate based on an analysis of our actual forfeitures and will continue to evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture experience, analysis of employee turnover behavior and other factors. Quarterly changes in the estimated forfeiture rate can have a significant effect on reported stock-based compensation expense, as the cumulative effect of adjusting the rate for all expense amortization is recognized in the period the forfeiture estimate is changed. 
  
   35 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the amount of stock-based compensation expense recognized in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (in thousands): 

For the years ending September 30, 2017 and 2018, we expect to incur stock-based compensation expense of approximately $10.3 million and $10.9 million, respectively. 
    
  If any of the factors change and/or we employ different assumptions, stock-based compensation expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there is a difference between the assumptions used in determining stock-based compensation expense and the actual factors that become known over time, we may change the input factors used in determining stock-based compensation costs for future grants. Additionally, we may change the estimates that the performance obligations may be met. These changes, if any, may materially impact our results of operations in the period such changes are made. We expect to continue to grant stock options in the future, and to the extent that we do, our actual stock-based compensation expense recognized in future periods will likely increase. 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  Consolidated 

36 

     Table of Contents  

Year ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Consolidated net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016     decreased     $20.2 million  , or   1.4%  , to   $1,477.4 million   compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Foreign currency impacts reduced sales by $30.2 million. Excluding foreign currency impacts, fiscal 2016 net sales increased $10.0 million compared to fiscal 2015. The $10.0 million increase was primarily due to Contract sales growth of $45.8 million, which was attributable to increased production and expanded content, as well as new business and scope expansion on commercial and military Contracts. The Contract sales growth was partially offset by a $26.4 million decline in sales due to the end of a large commercial contract on March 31, 2015 and a decrease of ad hoc sales by $9.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2016. Ad hoc and Contract sales as a percentage of net sales represented 25% and 75%, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to 26% and 74%, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2015.  
    
  Income (loss) from Operations 
    
  Consolidated income from operations for the year ended   September 30, 2016   was   $158.8 million  , compared to loss from operations of   $206.4 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Income from operations was   10.7%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to loss from operations of   13.8%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The $365.2 million increase in income from operations was primarily due to a decrease in goodwill impairment charge of $263.8 million and a decrease in E O inventory reserve of $80.5 million, both of which are non-cash adjustments. For the year ended September 30, 2016, we did not have goodwill impairment as compared to $263.8 million of goodwill impairment charge recorded under our North America segment in the prior year (see further discussion above under   Critical Account Policies and Estimates Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets"). The E O inventory reserve charge was $14.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $95.1 million for the prior year.  The $80.5 million decrease in E O inventory reserve charge was primarily driven by the strategy change in fiscal 2015 that increased expense by $43.8 million and by a specific program inventory reserve in fiscal 2015 of $33.0 million (see further discussion above under   Critical Account Policies and Estimates Inventories").  Excluding goodwill impairment and E O inventory reserve, income from operations increased by $20.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year.  
    
  The remaining $20.9 million increase in income from operations was primarily due to a decrease in SG A expenses of $32.1 million, of which $5.6 million was due to foreign currency exchange rate movements, partially offset by a decrease of $11.3 million in gross profit (that excludes impact from E O reserve charges), of which $9.9 million was due to foreign currency exchange rate movements.  The decrease in SG A expenses, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements, was largely driven by decreases in payroll and other people related costs, professional fees and bad debt of $21.8 million, $4.0 million and $1.4 million, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in software and hardware maintenance costs of $1.8 million. The $11.3 million decrease in gross profit, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements and the impact from the E O charges, was largely driven by the conclusion of a large commercial contract and lower chemical margins due to commodity-based cost and pricing changes on certain pass through Contracts. 
    
  Other Expenses 
    
  Interest Expense, Net 
    
  Interest expense, net was   $36.9 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , which decreased   $0.2 million  , or   0.5%  , compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily due to the repayment of our long-term debt during the year ended   September 30, 2016  , partially offset by periodical interest swap costs that commenced after June 30, 2015 and an acceleration in the amortization of deferred financing costs as a result of the repayment of our long-term debt during the year ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Other Income, Net 
    
  Other income, net was   $3.7 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , which   increased   by   $1.9 million   compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily related to foreign currency exchange gain associated with transactions denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currency of the reporting subsidiary. 

37 

     Table of Contents  

(Provision) Benefit for Income Taxes 
    
  The income tax provision was $34.2 million for the year ended September 30, 2016, compared to the income tax benefit of $86.9 million for the year ended September 30, 2015. Our effective tax rate was 27.2% and 36.0% for the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The decrease in our effective tax rate resulted primarily from (1) a decrease in U.S. pretax income, which is subject to a higher tax rate and an increase in foreign pretax income which is subject to a lower tax rate; and (2) the settlement of a tax audit; and (3) the foreign currency loss related to a distribution of previously taxed foreign earnings. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about our benefit for income taxes for the year ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  Net Income (Loss)  
    
  We reported a net income of   $91.4 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a net loss of   $154.7 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Net income was   6.2%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to net loss of   10.3%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2015  .  
    
  Year ended   September 30, 2015   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2014    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2015   increased   $141.7 million  , or   10.5%  , to   $1,497.6 million   compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  , driven by the Haas acquisition completed on February 28, 2014, offset by the impact of a customer contract renegotiation, as described below, and foreign currency movements. Sales attributable to the acquired Haas business increased $235.7 million for the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014, which was a result of having a full year and seven months of Haas results included in the years ended September 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2014, we modified and extended a contract with an existing customer that resulted in a $66.3 million reduction in net sales to the customer during the year ended September 30, 2015 as compared to the year ended September 30, 2014. The year ended September 30, 2014 also included a $6.4 million settlement related to the termination of a separate contract. During the year ended September 30, 2015, foreign currency movements negatively impacted sales by $25.4 million. Ad hoc and Contract sales as a percentage of consolidated net sales represented 26% and 74%, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2015, as compared to 28% and 72%, respectively, for the year ended September 30, 2014. The decrease in ad hoc sales as a percentage of net revenue was a result of adding a full year of Haas sales, which has a higher percentage of Contract sales. 
    
  (Loss) Income from Operations 
    
  Loss from operations was   $206.4 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  , as compared to income from operations of   $183.9 million   for the year ended September 30, 2014. Loss from operations was 13.8% of net sales for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to income from operations of 13.6% of net sales for the year ended September 30, 2014. The dollar decrease in income from operations was comprised of a decrease in gross profit of $78.5 million, an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $48.0 million and a goodwill impairment charge of $263.8 million. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by a $95.1 million increase in E O inventory reserve, which was largely the result of our change of E O reserve estimation methodologies (see further discussion under   Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Inventories ), and lower-margin Contract sales partially offset by additional gross profit as a result of the Haas acquisition. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by $32.6 million of additional expenses as a result of the Haas acquisition and increases in professional fees, payroll costs, stock-based compensation, restructuring costs and depreciation expense of $8.2 million, $4.7 million, $2.4 million, $4.5 million and $1.3 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by lower integration related costs of $5.8 million. 
    
  Other Expenses 
    
  Interest Expense, Net 
    
  Interest expense, net of   $37.1 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015   increased   $7.9 million  , or   26.9%  , compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  . $7.1 million of this increase resulted from having a full year of interest during fiscal 2015 compared to seven months of interest during fiscal 2014 on the term loan B facility under the Existing Credit Facilities (as defined below under   Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities ), which was used to fund the Haas acquisition in February 2014. 

38 

     Table of Contents  

Other Income (Expense), Net 
    
  Other income, net of   $1.8 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015   decreased by $0.4 million compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  . This change was primarily due to unrealized foreign exchange losses associated with transactions denominated in currencies other than the respective functional currency of the reporting subsidiary. 
    
  Benefit (Provision) for Income Taxes 
    
  The income tax benefit was   $86.9 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015   compared to an income tax provision of   $54.8 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2014  . Our effective tax rate was 36.0% and 34.9% for the years ended   September 30, 2015   and 2014, respectively. The change in our effective tax rate resulted primarily from an impairment of certain goodwill and adjustments to our E O inventory reserve. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about our benefit for income taxes for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Net (Loss) Income 
    
  We reported a net loss of $154.7 million for the year ended   September 30, 2015  , compared to net income of $102.1 million for the year ended   September 30, 2014  . Net loss as a percent of net sales was 10.3% for the year ended   September 30, 2015  , as compared to net income as a percent of nets sales of 7.5% for the year ended   September 30, 2014  . This decrease is primarily due to loss from operations as a percentage of net sales for fiscal   2015  , as discussed above, which was partially offset by income tax benefit for operating losses. 
    
  North America Segment 

Year ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales of   $1,185.3 million   from our North America segment for the year ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $12.9 million  , or   1.1%  , compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an $18.4 million decline in sales as a result of the end of a large commercial contract on March 31, 2015 and a $22.2 million decline in ad hoc sales. These declines were partially offset by Contract sales growth of $27.7 million, primarily due to increased production and expanded content, as well as new business and scope expansion on commercial and military Contracts. 
    
  Income from Operations 
    
  Income from operations of our North America segment for the year ended   September 30, 2016   was $113.5 million compared to a loss from operations of   $222.7 million   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Income from operations was   9.6%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to a loss from operations of   18.6%   of net sales for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The $336.2 million increase in income from operations was primarily caused by a decrease in goodwill impairment charge of $263.8 million and a decrease in E O inventory reserve of $67.0 million, driven primarily by the strategy change in fiscal 2015 and by the specific program inventory reserve in fiscal 2015 as discussed above in our  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

analysis of consolidated income from operations. Excluding goodwill impairment and E O inventory reserve, income from operations increased by $5.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year. 
    
  The remaining $5.4 million increase in income from operations was due primarily to a decrease in SG A expenses of $22.0 million, partially offset by a decrease of $16.7 million in gross profit that excludes impact from E O reserve charges. The decrease in SG A expenses was largely driven by decreases in payroll and other people related costs, professional fees and bad debt of $17.7 million, $4.0 million and $2.2 million, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in software and hardware maintenance costs of $1.7 million. The decrease in gross profit was largely driven by the conclusion of a large commercial contract and lower chemical margins due to commodity-based cost and pricing changes on certain pass through Contracts. 
    
  Year ended   September 30, 2015   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2014    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales of   $1,198.2 million   from our North America segment for the year ended   September 30, 2015   increased $167.7 million, or 16.3%, compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  . The year ended   September 30, 2015   reflects an increase of $189.7 million driven by the Haas acquisition, partially offset by a customer contract modification and the settlement related to the termination of a contract that took place during the year ended September 30, 2014. 
    
  Ad hoc sales decreased by $4.0 million, or 1.1%, and Contract sales increased by $171.8 million, or 25.3%, primarily due to the addition of Haas, which has a higher percentage of Contract sales than ad hoc sales. 
    
  (Loss) from Operations 
    
  Loss from operations in our North America segment for the year ended   September 30, 2015   was $222.7 million, compared to an income from operations of $145.4 million for the year ended September 30, 2014. Loss from operations was 18.6% of net sales for the year ended September 30, 2015, compared to an income from operations of 14.1% of net sales for the year ended September 30, 2014. The dollar decrease in income from operations was comprised of a decrease in gross profit of $67.7 million, an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $36.6 million and a goodwill impairment charge of $263.8 million. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by an $83.7 million inventory adjustment and increased lower-margin Contract sales, partially offset by additional gross profit as a result of the Haas acquisition. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by $22.8 million of additional expenses as a result of the Haas acquisition and increases in professional fees, payroll costs, stock-based compensation, restructuring costs and depreciation expense of $8.3 million, $3.9 million, $2.4 million, $2.6 million and $1.5 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by lower integration related costs of $6.0 million. 
    
  Rest of World Segment 

40 

     Table of Contents  

Year ended   September 30, 2016   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales of   $292.1 million   from our Rest of World segment for the year ended   September 30, 2016   decreased $7.3 million or   2.5%  , compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Foreign currency impacts reduced sales by $30.2 million. Excluding foreign currency impacts, fiscal 2016 net sales increased $22.8 million compared to fiscal 2015, due primarily to ad hoc sales growth of $12.7 million and Contract sales growth of $18.1 million that was primarily due to increased production and expanded content, as well as new business and scope expansion on commercial Contracts. These sales increases were partially offset by an $8.0 million decline in sales due to the end of a large commercial contract on March 31, 2015.  
    
  Income from Operations 
    
  Income from operations of our Rest of World segment for the year ended   September 30, 2016   was   $45.3 million  , which increased   $29.0 million  , or   177.1%  , compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  . Income from operations as a percentage of net sales in our Rest of World segment was   15.5%   for the year ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   5.5%   for the year ended   September 30, 2015  . The $29.0 million increase in income from operations was partially caused by a decrease in E O inventory reserve of $13.4 million, driven primarily by the strategy change in fiscal 2015 as discussed above in our analysis of consolidated income from operations.  Excluding E O inventory reserve, income from operations increased by $15.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the prior year. 
    
  The remaining $15.6 million increase in income from operations was the result of an increase in gross profit of $5.5 million, net of a $9.9 million negative impact from foreign currency exchange rate movements, and a decrease in SG A expenses of $10.1 million, of which $5.6 million was due to foreign currency exchange rate movements. The increase in gross profit, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements and the E O reserve charges, was primarily driven by an  increase in Contract margins and changes in the mix of ad hoc and Contract business. The decrease in SG A expenses, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements, was largely driven by decreases in payroll costs, utilities and warehouse expenses of $4.1 million, $0.4 million and $0.2 million, respectively. These decreases were partially offset by a $0.7 million increase in bad debt. 
    
  Year ended   September 30, 2015   compared with the year ended   September 30, 2014    
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Net sales of   $299.4 million   from our Rest of World segment for the year ended   September 30, 2015   decreased $26.0 million, or 8.0%, compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  , reflecting negative foreign currency impacts of $25.4 million and a customer contract modification, partially offset by additional Haas sales of $46.1 million. Ad hoc sales decreased by $0.4 million, or 0.9%, and Contract sales decreased by $25.6 million, or 9.1%, primarily due to the customer contract modification and foreign currency impacts. 
    
  Income from Operations 
    
  Income from operations of our Rest of World segment for the year ended   September 30, 2015   was   $16.4 million  , which decreased $22.2 million, or 57.6%, compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  . Income from operations as a percentage of net sales in our Rest of World segment was 5.5% for the year ended   September 30, 2015  , compared to 11.9% for the year ended   September 30, 2014  . The dollar decrease in income from operations was comprised of a decrease in gross profit of $10.8 million and an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $11.4 million. The decrease in gross profit was primarily driven by an $11.3 million inventory adjustment and increased lower-margin Contract sales, partially offset by $12.4 million of additional gross profit as a result of the Haas acquisition. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by $10.8 million of additional expenses as a result of the Haas acquisition and increases in payroll costs and commissions of $0.8 million and $0.6 million, respectively. 
    
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Overview 
    
  Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flow from operations and available borrowings under our revolving facility (as defined below under   Credit Facilities Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities ). We have historically funded our operations, debt payments, capital expenditures and discretionary funding needs from our cash from operations. We  
  
   41 

     Table of Contents  

had total available cash and cash equivalents of   $77.1 million   and   $82.9 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, of which $53.3 million, or 69.2%, and $30.8 million, or 37.2%, was held by our foreign subsidiaries as of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively. None of our cash and cash equivalents consisted of restricted cash and cash equivalents as of   September 30, 2016   or 2015. All of our foreign cash and cash equivalents are readily convertible into U.S. dollars or other foreign currencies. Our strategic plan does not require the repatriation of foreign cash in order to fund our operations in the U.S. and it is our current intention to permanently reinvest our foreign cash and cash equivalents outside of the U.S. If we were to repatriate foreign cash to the U.S., we may be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes in accordance with applicable U.S. tax rules and regulations as a result of the repatriation. Our primary uses of cash are for: 

operating expenses; 

working capital requirements to fund the growth of our business; 

capital expenditures that primarily relate to IT equipment and our warehouse operations; 

debt service requirements for borrowings under the Credit Facilities (as defined below under   Credit Facilities Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities  and 

strategic acquisitions. 
       
  Generally, cash provided by operating activities has been adequate to fund our operations. Due to fluctuations in our cash flows and the growth in our operations, it may be necessary from time to time in the future to borrow under our revolving facility to meet cash demands. We anticipate that cash provided by operating activities, cash and cash equivalents and borrowing capacity under our revolving facility will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the next twelve months. As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have any material capital expenditure commitments.  
    
  Credit Facilities 
    
  Fourth Amendment to Senior Secured Credit Facilities  
    
  On October 4, 2016, we entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Amendment) to our credit agreement, dated as of December 7, 2012, by and among the Company, Wesco Aircraft Hardware (the Borrower) and the lenders and agents party thereto (as amended prior to the Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the Credit Agreement).  The Amendment modified the Existing Credit Agreement to replace the Borrower s existing revolving credit facility with a new revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $180.0 million (the revolving credit facility) and the Borrower s existing senior secured term loan A facility with a new senior secured term loan A facility in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million (the term loan A facility). 
    
  The Amendment also modified the Existing Credit Agreement to (1) remove the Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) financial covenant set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement and (2) modify the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) levels in the financial covenant set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement to a maximum of 4.50 for the quarters ending September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, with step-downs to 4.25 for the quarters ending March 31, 2017 and June 30, 2017, 4.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2017, 3.75 for the quarters ending March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018 and 3.50 for the quarter ending September 30, 2018 and thereafter.  
    
  The Amendment also provided for additional amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, including (1) permitting the corporate consolidation of Wesco s operations in the United Kingdom, (2) expanding Wesco s ability to enter into receivables financings, (3) increasing the maximum amount permitted to be incurred under a Cash-Capped Incremental Facility (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from $100.0 million to $150.0 million and providing and (4) providing increased flexibility for future restructurings. 
    
  The Credit Agreement provides for (1) a $400.0 million term loan A facility, (2) a $180.0 million revolving credit facility and (3) a $525.0 million senior secured term loan B facility (the  term loan B facility ). We refer to the term loan B facility, together with the term loan A facility and the revolving facility, as the  Credit Facilities.   
    
  As a result of the Amendment, we incurred $10.4 million in fees that were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining life of the related debt. $1.9 million of the unamortized financing fees related to the Existing Credit Agreement will be written off as debt extinguishment loss in the three months ending December 31, 2016. 
  
   42 

     Table of Contents  

On October 4, 2016, we repaid $1.3 million on our existing term loan A facility prior to the effectiveness of the Amendment, resulting in a $400.0 million balance. After the effectiveness of the Amendment, we borrowed $25.0 million on October 4, 2016 under our new $180.0 million revolving facility to pay the fees of our Amendment and fund our normal operations. As of October 4, 2016, the interest rate for borrowings under the revolving facility was 3.29%. 
    
  The interest rate for the term loan A facility under the Credit Agreement is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from 2.00% to 2.75% for Eurocurrency loans and 1.00% to 1.75% for alternate base rate (ABR) loans. The term loan A facility amortizes in equal quarterly installments of 1.25% of the original principal amount of $400.0 million, with the balance due at maturity on October 4, 2021, subject to certain exceptions. 
    
  The interest rate for the term loan B facility under the Credit Agreement has a margin of 2.50% per annum for Eurocurrency loans (subject to a minimum Eurocurrency rate floor of 0.75% per annum) or 1.50% per annum for ABR loans (subject to a minimum ABR floor of 1.75% per annum).  The term loan B facility continues to amortize in equal quarterly installments of 0.25% of the original principal amount of $525.0 million, with the balance due at maturity on February 28, 2021. In July 2015, we entered into interest rate swap agreements relating to this indebtedness, which are described in greater detail in Note 12 of  the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  The interest rate for the revolving facility under the Credit Agreement is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from 2.00% to 2.75% for Eurocurrency loans and 1.00% to 1.75% for ABR loans. The revolving facility expires on October 4, 2021, subject to certain exceptions. 
    
  Our borrowings under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by us and all of our direct and indirect, wholly-owned, domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) and secured by a first lien on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our guarantor subsidiaries, including capital stock of the subsidiaries (in each case, subject to certain exceptions). 
    
  The Credit Facilities contain customary negative covenants, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries  ability to merge and consolidate with other companies, incur indebtedness, grant liens or security interests on assets, make acquisitions, loans, advances or investments, pay dividends, sell or otherwise transfer assets, optionally prepay or modify terms of any junior indebtedness or enter into transactions with affiliates.   
    
  Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  The Existing Credit Agreement (prior to the Amendment) provided for (1) a   $625.0 million   term loan A facility (the existing revolving facility), (2) a   $200.0 million   revolving credit facility (the existing revolving facility) and (3) a   $525.0 million   senior secured term loan B facility, discussed above. We refer to the term loan B facility, together with the existing term loan A facility and the existing revolving facility, as the Existing Credit Facilities.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding indebtedness under the Existing Credit Facilities was   $841.9 million  , which consisted of (1)   $401.3 million   of indebtedness under the existing term loan A facility and (2)   $440.6 million   of indebtedness under the term loan B facility. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $200.0 million   was available for borrowing under the existing revolving facility, of which we could borrow up to $146.4 million without breaching any covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 
    
  The interest rate for the existing term loan A facility was based on the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) as was determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   1.75%   to   2.50%   for Eurocurrency loans and   0.75%   to   1.50%   for alternate base rate (ABR) loans. The existing term loan A facility amortized in equal quarterly installments of   1.25%   of the original principal amount of   $625.0 million   for the first year, escalating to quarterly installments of   2.50%   of the original principal amount of   $625.0 million   by the fifth year, with the balance due at maturity on December 7, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate for borrowings under the existing term loan A facility was   5.00%  . 
    
  The interest rate for the term loan B facility had a margin of   2.50%   per annum for Eurocurrency loans (subject to a minimum Eurocurrency rate floor of   0.75%   per annum) or   1.50%   per annum for ABR loans (subject to a minimum ABR floor of   1.75%   per annum). The term loan B facility amortized in equal quarterly installments of   0.25%   of the original principal amount of   $525.0 million  , with the balance due at maturity on February 28, 2021. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate  
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

for borrowings under the term loan B facility was   3.34%  . In July 2015, we entered into interest rate swap agreements relating to this indebtedness, which are described in greater detail in Note 12. 
    
  The interest rate for the existing revolving facility was based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   1.75%   to   2.50%   for Eurocurrency loans and   0.75%   to   1.50%   for ABR loans. The existing revolving facility was due to expire on December 7, 2017. 
    
  Our borrowings under the Existing Credit Facilities were guaranteed by us and all of our direct and indirect, wholly-owned, domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) and secured by a first lien on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our guarantor subsidiaries, including capital stock of the subsidiaries (in each case, subject to certain exceptions). 
     
  During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we made voluntary prepayments totaling   $76.0 million   on our existing term loan A facility and   $35.0 million   on our term loan B facility, which, with respect to the term loan B facility, have been applied to future required quarterly payments and to the amount due upon maturity.  
    
  Under the terms and definitions applicable to the Existing Credit Facilities as of   September 30, 2016  , our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Facilities) could not exceed   4.50   (with step-downs on such ratio during future periods) and our Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Facilities) could not be less than   2.25  . The Existing Credit Facilities also contained customary negative covenants, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries  ability to merge and consolidate with other companies, incur indebtedness, grant liens or security interests on assets, make acquisitions, loans, advances or investments, pay dividends, sell or otherwise transfer assets, optionally prepay or modify terms of any junior indebtedness or enter into transactions with affiliates. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all the foregoing covenants.   
    
  UK Line of Credit 
    
  Our subsidiary, Wesco Aircraft Europe, Ltd, has a    7.0 million   (  $9.1 million   based on the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate) line of credit that automatically renews annually on October 1. The line of credit bears interest based on the   base rate   plus an applicable margin of   1.65%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the full    7.0 million   was available for borrowing under the UK line of credit without breaching any covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 
    
  Cash Flows 
    
  A summary of our operating, investing and financing activities are shown in the following table (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
    
  Our operating activities generated   $117.5 million   of cash in the year ended   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $23.7 million   as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2015  .  During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , net income adjusted for non-cash items provided cash of   $155.4 million  .  During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , net loss adjusted for non-cash items provided cash of   $119.8 million  .  This increase of   $35.6 million   of cash generated from results of operations was primarily due to lower spending for SG A expenses. The   $35.6 million   increase in cash generated from results of operations was more than offset by higher cash used for tax payments of   $46.3 million   and for accrued expenses and other liabilities of   $14.5 million  , resulting in a net cash outflow of   $25.2 million  , which was partially offset by cash provided by other working capital changes of   $1.5 million  . 
    
  Our operating activities generated   $141.2 million   of cash in the year ended   September 30, 2015  , an increase of   $87.5 million   as compared to the year ended   September 30, 2014  . During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , net loss adjusted for  
  
   44 

     Table of Contents  

non-cash items provided cash of $119.8 million.  During the year ended September 30, 2014, net income adjusted for non-cash items provided cash of $143.4 million.  This decrease of $23.6 million of cash generated from results of operations was primarily due to a lower gross profit and higher SG A expenses. The $23.6 million decrease in cash generated from results of operations was more than offset by higher cash generated by working capital of $93.0 million, taxes of $10.3 million, and accrued expenses and other liabilities of $12.3 million, partially offset by a use of cash of $4.5 million from prepaid expenses. 
    
  Investing Activities 
    
  Our investing activities used   $12.0 million  ,   $9.9 million   and   $571.5 million   of cash in the years ended September 30, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2014, $560.2 million was used for the Haas acquisition. Excluding the cash used for the Haas acquisition, cash used was primarily for investments in various capital expenditures and to purchase property and equipment. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Our financing activities used   $108.1 million   of cash in the year ended   September 30, 2016  , which consisted primarily of   $111.0 million   for repayments of our long-term debt,   $1.3 million   for repayments of our capital lease obligations and   $2.1 million   payment for financing fees, partially offset by   $6.1 million   of proceeds received in connection with the exercise of stock options. 
    
  Our financing activities used   $150.7 million   of cash in the year ended   September 30, 2015  , which consisted primarily of   $149.8 million   for repayments of our long-term debt and   $1.5 million   for repayments of capital lease obligations. 
    
  Our financing activities generated $543.0 million of cash in the year ended September 30, 2014. This was primarily due to $565.0 million of borrowings to fund the Haas acquisition. Other drivers were $10.2 million in excess tax benefit related to stock options exercised and $9.6 million of proceeds received in connection with the exercise of stock options. These amounts were partially offset by $10.2 million of financing fees paid in connection with the borrowings to fund the Haas acquisition, $30.3 million used to repay principal against our long-term debt and $1.3 million used to make principal payments under our capital lease obligations. 
    
  Contractual Obligations 
    
  The following table is a summary of contractual cash obligations at   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

(1) 
    Includes both principal and estimated variable interest expense payments. The interest rate used to calculate the estimated future variable interest expense is based on the actual interest rate applicable to the Company s indebtedness as of September 30, 2016, which was 5.00% for the existing term loan A facility and 3.34% for the term loan B facility. The actual variable interest expense paid by the Company in the future may vary from what is presented above. Investors should refer to the  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities  and  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk  for additional information. 
     
   45 

     Table of Contents  

(2) 
    Other long-term liabilities primarily include long-term hedge liabilities, non-current income taxes payable and non-current deferred tax liabilities. Due to the uncertainty in the timing of future payments, long-term hedge liabilities of approximately $5.6 million, uncertain tax positions of approximately $2.5 million and non-current deferred tax liabilities of approximately $4.1 million were presented as one aggregated amount in the total column on a separate line in this table. 
       
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  We are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
    
  Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
    
  Our exposure to market risk consists of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, changes in interest rates and fluctuations in fuel prices. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exposure 
    
  Foreign Currency Translation 
    
  During the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , 27% and 20% respectively of our net sales were made by our foreign subsidiaries, and our total non-U.S. net sales represented 35% and 34%, respectively, of our total net sales. As a result of these international operating activities, we are exposed to risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, principally foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar, British pound, the Euro, Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso. 
    
  The results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the average foreign currency exchange rate for each relevant period. This translation has no impact on our cash flow. However, as foreign currency exchange rates change, there are changes to the U.S. dollar equivalent of sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies. Any adjustments resulting from the translation are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income on our statements of changes in stockholders  equity. We do not consider the risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations to be material to our financial condition or results of operations. 
    
  A hypothetical 10% decrease in the value of the British pound, the Euro, the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar would have impacted our consolidated net income with an increase of $3.2 million, an increase of $0.2 million, no change and an increase of $0.2 million, respectively, during the year ended   September 30, 2016  . A hypothetical 10% increase in the value of the British pound, the Euro, the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso relative to the U.S. dollar would have impacted our consolidated net loss with a decrease of $3.2 million, a decrease of $0.2 million, no change and a decrease of $0.2 million, respectively, during the year ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Foreign Currency Transactions 
    
  Foreign currency transaction exposure arises where actual sales and purchases are made by a company in a currency other than its own functional currency. During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom had sales in U.S. dollars and Euros of $147.8 million and  7.7 million (equivalent of $8.6 million), respectively, and had purchases in U.S. dollars and Euros of $72.7 million and  21.0 million (equivalent of $23.4 million), respectively. During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , our subsidiaries in the United Kingdom had sales in U.S. dollars and Euros of $161.3 million and  7.6 million (equivalent of $8.7 million), respectively, and had purchases in U.S. dollars and Euros of $91.1 million and  26.1 million (equivalent of $30.0 million), respectively. During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , our subsidiary in Canada had sales in Canadian dollars of $2.3 million (equivalent of $1.8 million) and had purchases in Canadian dollars of $0.5 million (equivalent of $0.4 million). During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , our subsidiary in Canada had sales in Canadian dollars of $5.4 million (equivalent of $4.4 million) and had purchases in Canadian dollars of $0.5 million (equivalent of $0.4 million). During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , our subsidiaries in Mexico and Israel had purchases in U.S. dollars of $4.5 million and purchases in Israeli shekels of $36.8 million (equivalent of $9.6 million). During the year ended   September 30, 2015  , our subsidiaries in Mexico and Israel had purchases in U.S. dollars of $71.9 million and purchases in Israeli shekels of 27.7 million (equivalent of $7.1 million). To the extent possible, we structure arrangements where the purchase transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars in order to minimize near-term exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
    
  From   September 30, 2015   to   September 30, 2016  , the U.S. dollar strengthened against the pound by $0.21 (from $1.51 to $1.30). From September 30, 2014 to   September 30, 2015  , the U.S. dollar strengthened slightly against the pound by $0.15 (from $1.66 to $1.51). A strengthening of the U.S. dollar means we realize a lesser amount of U.S. dollar revenue on sales that were denominated in British pounds, whereas a weakening of the U.S. dollar means we realize a greater amount of U.S. dollar revenue on sales that were denominated in British pounds. As a result of the slight movement of the U.S. dollar during the years ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, transactions denominated in foreign currencies did not have a material impact on our financial results during those periods. A hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the value of the British pound relative to the  
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

U.S. dollar would have resulted in an increase or decrease in our net income of $3.2 million, during the year ended   September 30, 2016  , attributable to our transactions denominated in foreign currencies. 
    
  We have historically entered into currency forward and option contracts to limit exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes and will continue to monitor our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate changes. Gains and losses on these contracts are deferred until the transaction being hedged is finalized. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had no outstanding currency forward and option contracts. We do not enter into currency forward and option contracts for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Our principal interest rate exposure relates to our Credit Facilities, which bear interest at a variable rate. See Part II, Item 7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facilities.  If interest rates rise, our debt service obligations on the borrowings under the Credit Facilities would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, which would affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. At our debt level and borrowing rates for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, our interest expense, including fees under our existing revolving facility, would be $35.5 million and $29.1 million, respectively. If variable interest rates were to change by 1.0%, our interest expense would fluctuate $8.5 million per year, without taking into account the effect of any hedging instruments.  
    
  On October 4, 2016, we entered into the Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement and incurred $23.7 million of additional net borrowings under the Credit Facilities, bringing our total debt to $865.6 million. Neither the Amendment nor the additional borrowings under the Credit Facilities are expected to materially impact our interest rate risk as disclosed above. 
     
  We periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage interest rate risk on our borrowing activities. In July 2015, we entered into interest rate swap agreements which effectively fix our interest rate on variable rate debt of $475.0 million to 1.21% plus the applicable margin. See further discussion on our derivative financial instruments in Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
    
  Fuel Price Risk 
    
  Our principal direct exposure to increases in fuel prices is as a result of potential increased freight costs caused by fuel surcharges or other fuel cost-driven price increases implemented by the third-party package delivery companies on which we rely. We estimate that our annual freight costs (which consists of in-bound and out-bound freight-related costs, net of freight revenue) during the years ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $24.2 million and $23.6 million, respectively, and as a result, we do not believe the impact of these potential fuel surcharges or fuel cost-driven price increases would have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increases in fuel prices may have an indirect material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as such increases may contribute to decreased airline profitability and, as a result, decreased demand for new commercial aircraft that utilize the products we sell. See Part I, Item 1A.  Risk Factors We may be materially adversely affected by high fuel prices.  We do not use derivatives to manage our exposure to fuel prices. 

47 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
  INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
      Audited Consolidated Financial Statements: 
      
       Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  
    49 
       Consolidated Balance Sheets  
    50 
       Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
    51 
       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity  
    52 
       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
    53 
       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
    54 

48 

Table of Contents  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. 
    
  In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), stockholders  equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016, based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A  .    Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits.  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
    
  As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for deferred income taxes in 2016. 
    
  A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
      Los Angeles, California 
      November 17, 2016 

49 

Table of Contents  

Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Balance Sheets  
  (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

50 

Table of Contents  

Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

51 

Table of Contents  

Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity 
  (dollars in thousands) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

52 

Table of Contents  

Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
  (dollars in thousands) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information (see Note 19) 
    
   See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
  
   53 

Table of Contents  

Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc.   Subsidiaries 
    
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 1. Organization and Business 
    
  Our company, Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc., is a distributor and provider of comprehensive supply chain management services to the global aerospace industry. Our services range from traditional distribution to the management of supplier relationships, quality assurance, kitting, just-in-time (JIT) delivery, and point-of-use inventory management. 
    
  In addition to the central stocking facilities, we use a network of forward-stocking locations to service its customers in a JIT and or ad hoc manner. There are   57   stocking locations around the world with concentrations in North America and Europe. In addition to product fulfillment, we also provide comprehensive supply chain management services for selected customers. These services include procurement and JIT inventory management and delivery services. 

Note 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
    
  Principles of Consolidation 
    
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Wesco Aircraft Hardware, Wesco Aircraft Europe, Flintbrook Limited, Wesco Aircraft Germany GmbH, Wesco Aircraft France SAS, Wesco Aircraft Israel Limited, Wesco Aircraft Italy SRL, Wesco Aircraft Hardware India Pvt., Limited, Wesco Aircraft Trading Shanghai Co., Limited, Interfast Europe Limited, Interfast USA Inc., Interfast USA Holdings Inc. and Haas. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. When we do not have a controlling interest in an entity, but exert significant influence over the entity, we apply the equity method of accounting. 
    
  Use of Estimates in Preparation of Financial Statements 
    
  The preparation of financial statements, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, receivable valuations and allowance for sales returns, inventory valuations of excess and obsolescence (E O) inventories, the useful lives of long-lived assets including property, equipment and intangible assets, annual goodwill impairment assessment, stock-based compensation, income taxes and contingencies. Actual results could differ from such estimates. 
     
  Revision of Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
    
  We determined that our 2015 cash paid for interest of   $15.7 million   as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K is understated. The correct amount is   $32.6 million  . We have revised our 2015 cash paid for interest amount to present the correct amount in Note 19. The misstatement had no effect on previously reported income from operations, net income or cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2015 and the interim periods within that year. We have evaluated the misstatement and do not believe it is material to the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  We consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities from date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 
    
  Accounts Receivable 
    
  Accounts receivable consist of amounts owed to us by customers. We perform periodic credit evaluations of the financial condition of our customers, monitor collections and payments from customers, and generally do not require collateral. Accounts receivable are generally due within   30   to   60 days  . We provide for the possible inability to collect accounts receivable by recording an allowance for doubtful accounts. We reserve for an account when it is considered to be uncollectible. We estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical experience, aging of accounts receivable and information regarding the creditworthiness of our customers. To date, losses have been within the range of management s expectations. If the estimated allowance for doubtful accounts subsequently proves to be insufficient, additional allowances may be required. 
  
   54 

     Table of Contents  

Our allowance for doubtful accounts activity consists of the following (in thousands): 

Inventories 
    
  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The method by which amounts are removed from inventory are weighted average cost for all inventory, except for chemical products for which the first-in, first-out method is used. In-bound freight-related costs of   $1.9 million  ,   $1.7 million   and   $1.4 million   as of   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , respectively, are included as part of the cost of inventory held for resale. We record provisions, as appropriate, to write-down E O inventory to estimated net realizable value. The process for evaluating E O inventory utilizes factors such as historical demand and current inventory quantities, and subjective judgments and estimates concerning future sales levels, quantities and prices at which such inventories will be able to be sold in the normal course of business. During the year ended September 2015, we charged   $33.0 million   and   $62.1 million   to cost of sales for impairment of inventory to net realizable value and for increases in our E O reserve and related items, respectively, as further described below. 
    
  In the   fourth   quarter of 2015, we determined that inventory previously purchased in connection with a specific program which was subsequently terminated, to have no alternative use. During the year ended September 30, 2015, we continued to negotiate a sale of such inventory with our customer for whom such inventory was purchased, as well as market the inventory through other channels, and believed the full cost of this inventory was recoverable. However, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we determined such inventory was not marketable and recorded a reduction in net realizable value of   $33.0 million  . 
    
  In the fourth quarter of 2015, management implemented a new strategy of providing integrated supply chain services more tailored to customer demand through long-term contracts and focused forecasted consumption including changes to our inventory purchasing strategy, holding inventory for shorter periods and the planned scrapping of long dated inventory. The new strategy and updates for fiscal 2015 sales activities led to changes in the sell through rates, holding period of aged inventory and others estimates used in the E O reserve for our hardware inventory, which increased our E O inventory reserves by   $43.8 million  . 
    
  Property and Equipment 
    
  Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization and depreciation, computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of each asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets. Expenditures for repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred, and expenditures for major renewals and improvements are capitalized. When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The useful lives for depreciable assets are as follows: 
    
                 Buildings and improvements 
    1 - 39.5 years 
      Machinery and equipment 
    5 - 7 years 
      Furniture and fixtures 
    7 years 
      Vehicles 
    5 years 
      Computer hardware and software 
    3 years 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
    
  We assess potential impairments of our long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Factors we consider include, but are not limited to: significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; significant changes in the manner of use  
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

of the acquired assets or the strategy for the overall business; and significant negative industry or economic trends. We have determined that our asset group for impairment testing is comprised of the assets and liabilities of each of our reporting units, which consists of North America Hardware, Rest of World Hardware, North America Chemical and Rest of World Chemical, as this is the lowest level of identifiable cash flows. We have identified customer relationships as the primary asset because it is the principal asset from which the reporting units derive their cash flow generating capacity and has the longest remaining useful life. Recoverability is assessed by comparing the carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by these assets. Impairment losses are measured as the amount by which the carrying values of the primary assets exceed their fair values. To date, we have not recognized an impairment charge related to the write-down of long-lived assets. 
    
  Deferred Financing Costs 
    
  Deferred financing costs are amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related credit arrangement; such amortization is included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Amortization of deferred financing costs was   $4.6 million  ,   $4.4 million   and   $3.3 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the remaining unamortized deferred financing costs are   $8.7 million   and   $11.2 million  , respectively. 
    
  Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
    
  Goodwill, which represents the excess of the consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a business combination, and other acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount may be impaired. Such events or circumstances may be a significant change in business climate, economic and industry trends, legal factors, negative operating performance indicators, significant competition, changes in strategy, or disposition of a reporting unit or a portion thereof. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles asset impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level on July 1 of each year. Our reporting units are one level below our operating segments. 
    
  We test goodwill for impairment by performing a qualitative process, or a two-step quantitative assessment process. The first step of the quantitative process involves comparing the carrying value of net assets, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. If the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired and the second step of the process is unnecessary. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its fair value, the second step measures the impairment loss, if any. 
    
  The second step compares the implied fair value of goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. The implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is calculated by creating a hypothetical balance sheet as if the reporting unit had just been acquired. This balance sheet contains all assets and liabilities recorded at fair value (including any intangible assets that may not have any corresponding carrying value in our balance sheet). The implied value of the reporting unit s goodwill is calculated by subtracting the fair value of the net assets from the fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. We performed our goodwill impairment tests for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which resulted in   no   goodwill impairment in the year ended September 30, 2016 and a goodwill impairment charge of   $263.8 million   in the year ended September 30, 2015 for our North America Hardware reporting unit. Refer to Note 8 for additional information. 
    
  Indefinite-lived intangibles consist of a trademark, for which we estimate fair value and compare such fair value to the carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the trademark exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
    
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. To determine fair value, we primarily utilize reported market transactions and discounted cash flow analysis. We use a three tier fair value hierarchy that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs  
  
   56 

     Table of Contents  

to valuation techniques into three broad levels whereby the highest priority is given to Level 1 inputs and the lowest to Level 3 inputs. The three broad categories are: 
    
                   Level 1: 
      
    Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
      Level 2: 
      
    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 
      Level 3: 
      
    Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 

The definition of fair value includes the consideration of nonperformance risk. Nonperformance risk refers to the risk that an obligation (either by a counterparty or us) will not be fulfilled. For financial assets traded in an active market (Level 1), 
  the nonperformance risk is included in the market price. For certain other financial assets and liabilities (Level 2 and   3  ), our fair value calculations have been adjusted accordingly. 
    
  Fair value measurements are classified according to the lowest level input or value-driver that is significant to the valuation. A measurement may therefore be classified within Level 3 even though there may be significant inputs that are readily observable. 
    
  We use observable market-based inputs to calculate fair value of our interest rate swap agreements and outstanding debt instruments, in which case the measurements are classified within Level 2. If quoted or observable market prices are not available, fair value is based upon internally developed models that use, where possible, current market-based parameters such as interest rates, yield curves and currency rates. These measurements are classified within Level 3. 
    
  Where available, we utilize quoted market prices or observable inputs rather than unobservable inputs to determine fair value. 
    
  Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  We periodically enter into cash flow derivative transactions, such as interest rate swap agreements, to hedge exposure to various risks related to interest rates. We recognize all derivatives at their fair value as either assets or liabilities. For cash flow designated hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the derivative contract are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes, and are recognized in net earnings at the time earnings are affected by the hedged transaction. Adjustments to record changes in fair values of the derivative contracts that are attributable to the ineffective portion of the hedges, if any, are recognized in earnings. We present derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of cash flows  operating, investing, or financing activities consistent with the cash flows of the hedged item. 
    
  Comprehensive Loss or Income 
    
  Comprehensive loss or income generally represents all changes in stockholders  equity, except those resulting from investments by or distributions to stockholders. Our comprehensive loss or income consists of foreign currency translation adjustments and fair value adjustments for cash flow hedges. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  We recognize product and service revenue when (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) title transfers to the customer, (3) the sales price charged is fixed or determinable, and (4) collection is reasonably assured. In instances where title does not pass to the customer upon shipment, we recognize revenue upon delivery or customer acceptance, depending on the terms of the sales contract. 
    
  In connection with the sales of our products, we often provide certain supply chain management services to our JIT customers. These services include the timely replenishment of products at the customer site, while also minimizing the customer s on-hand inventory. We provide these services contemporaneously with the delivery of the product, and as such, once the product is delivered, we do not have a post-delivery obligation to provide services to the customer. Accordingly, the price of such services is generally included in the price of the products delivered to the customer, and revenue is recognized upon delivery of the product, at which point we have satisfied our obligations to the customer. We do not account for these services as a separate element, as the services do not have stand-alone value and cannot be separated from the product element of the arrangement. Additionally, we do not present service revenues apart from product revenues, as the service revenues represent less than   10%   of our consolidated net sales. 

57 

     Table of Contents  

We report revenue on a gross or net basis, based on management s assessment of whether we act as a principal or agent in the transaction, in our presentation of net sales and costs of sales. If we are the principal in the transaction and have the risks and rewards of ownership, the transactions are recorded as gross in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. If we do not act as a principal in the transaction, the transactions are recorded on a net basis in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The majority of our revenue is recorded on a gross basis with the exception of certain gas, energy and chemical manager service contracts that are recorded as net revenue. 
    
  We also enter into sales rebates and profit sharing arrangements. Such customer incentives are accounted for as a reduction to gross sales and recorded based upon estimates at the time products are sold. These estimates are based upon 
  historical experience for similar programs and products. We review such rebates and profit sharing arrangements on an ongoing basis and accruals are adjusted, if necessary, as additional information becomes available. 
    
  We provide allowances for credits and returns based on historic experience and adjust such allowances as considered necessary. To date, such provisions have been within the range of our expectations and the allowance established. Sales tax collected from customers is excluded from net sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
    
  In connection with our JIT supply chain management programs, at times, we assume customer inventory on a consignment basis. This consigned inventory remains the property of the customer but is managed and distributed by us. We earn a fixed fee per unit on each shipment of the consigned inventory; such amounts represent less than   1%   of consolidated net sales. 
    
  Shipping and Handling Costs 
    
  We record revenue for shipping and handling billed to our customers. Shipping and handling revenues were   $5.1 million  ,   $7.8 million   and   $7.0 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  Shipping and handling costs are primarily included in cost of sales. Total shipping and handling costs were   $28.0 million  ,   $33.2 million   and   $24.8 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  We recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established, when necessary, to reduce net deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible or includible in taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in our assessment. Our foreign subsidiaries are taxed in local jurisdictions at local statutory rates. The Company includes interest and penalties related to income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits, within income tax expense. 
    
  Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Vendors and Customers 
    
  We maintain our cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts and do not believe we are exposed to any significant credit risk from cash and cash equivalents. 
    
  We purchase our products on credit terms from vendors located throughout North America and Europe. For the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we made   12%  ,   13%  , and   15%  , respectively, of our purchases from Precision Castparts Corp. and the amounts payable to this vendor were   3%   and   7%   of total accounts payable at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Additionally, for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we made   8%  ,   9%  , and   15%  , respectively, of our purchases from Alcoa Fastening Systems and the amounts payable to this vendor were   3%   and   6%   of total accounts payable at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The majority of the products we sell are available through multiple channels and, therefore, this reduces the risk related to any vendor relationship. 
    
  For the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we did not derive   10%   or more of our total net sales from any individual customer. Government sales, which were derived from various military parts procurement agencies such as the  
  
   58 

     Table of Contents  

U.S. Defense Logistics Agency, or from defense contractors buying on their behalf, comprised   15%  ,   14%   and   9%   of our net sales during fiscal   2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 
    
  Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions 
    
  The financial statements of foreign subsidiaries and affiliates where the local currency is the functional currency are translated into U.S. Dollars using exchange rates in effect at each period-end for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during the period for results of operations. The adjustment resulting from translating the financial statements of such foreign subsidiaries is reflected as a separate component of stockholders  equity. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are reported as other income (expense), net in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. For the years ended 
  September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , realized foreign currency transaction gains were   $3.2 million  ,   $0.6 million   and   $1.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We recognize all stock-based awards to employees and directors as stock-based compensation expense based upon their fair values on the date of grant. 
    
  We estimate the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense during the requisite service periods. We have estimated the fair value for each option award as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model considers, among other factors, the expected life of the award and the expected volatility of our stock price. We recognize the stock-based compensation expense over the requisite service period (generally a vesting term of   three years  ) using the graded vesting method for performance condition awards and the straight line method for service condition only awards, which is generally a vesting term of   three years  . Stock options typically have a contractual term of   10 years  . The stock options granted have an exercise price equal to the closing stock price of our common stock on the grant date. Compensation expense for restricted stock units and awards are based on the market price of the shares underlying the awards on the grant date. Compensation expense for performance based awards reflects the estimated probability that the performance condition will be met. Compensation expense for awards with total stockholder return metrics reflects the fair value calculated using the Monte Carlo simulation model, which incorporats stock price correlation and other variables over the time horizons matching the performance periods. 
    
  Net Income or Net Loss Per Share 
    
  Basic net income or net loss per share is computed by dividing net income or net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income or net loss per share includes the dilutive effect of both outstanding stock options and restricted shares, calculated using the treasury stock method. Assumed proceeds from the in-the-money options include the tax benefits, net of shortfalls, calculated under the  as-if  method. 

Note 3. Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  Changes to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) are established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), in the form of Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs), to the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification. 
    
  We consider the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to have minimal impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations. 
    
  New Accounting Standards Updates 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09,   Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718):Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which is intended to simplify several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early application is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   59 

     Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323), Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  . ASU 2016-07 eliminates the requirement that when an investment subsequently qualifies for use of the equity method as a result of an increase in level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment, results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all previous periods that the investment had been held. ASU 2016-07 requires that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the current basis of the investor s previously held interest and to adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes qualified for equity method accounting. In addition, ASU 2016-07 requires that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method. ASU 2016-07 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2016-07 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right-of-use asset, representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months. The recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee have not significantly changed from current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 retains a distinction between finance leases (i.e. capital leases under current GAAP) and operating leases. The classification criteria for distinguishing between finance leases and operating leases will be substantially similar to the classification criteria for distinguishing between capital leases and operating leases under current GAAP. ASU 2016-02 also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. A modified retrospective transition approach shall be used when adopting ASU 2016-02, which includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. ASU 2016-02 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018 and interim periods therein, with early application permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,   Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,   which affects the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for certain provisions. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-01 related to equity investments and the presentation and disclosure requirements of financial instruments on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In September 2015, FASB issued ASU 2015-16,   Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments  . ASU 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, including interim periods within those fiscal years. ASU 2015-16 should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. As of September 30, 2016, we did not have any provisional amounts outstanding from prior acquisitions. 
  In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements  . ASU 2015-15 states entities should present debt issuance costs as an asset, and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2015-15 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,   Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory  , which requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value, and eliminates current GAAP options for measuring market value. ASU 2015-11 defines realizable value as the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. ASU 2015-11 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. ASU 2015-11 can only be applied prospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-11 on our financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03,   Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost  . The amendments in ASU 2015-03 are intended to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs. These amendments require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in ASU 2015-03. ASU  
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

2105-03 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 will reduce our non-current assets and non-current debt by the amount of our net deferred financing costs in our consolidated balance sheets but will not impact our consolidated statements of comprehensive income and consolidated statements of cash flow. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, our deferred financing costs, net was   $8.7 million   and   $11.2 million  , respectively.  
    
  In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern  , which amends ASC Subtopic 205-40 to provide guidance about management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related disclosures. Specifically, ASU 2014-15 (1) provides a definition of the term  substantial doubt,  (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period, (3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans, (4) requires certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of management s plans, (5) requires an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) requires an assessment for a period of one year after the date that financial statements are issued. ASU 2014-15 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2014-15 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12,   Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments when the Terms of an Award Provide that a Performance Target Could Be Achieved After the Requisite Service Period  . ASU 2014-12 requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. Entities may apply ASU 2014-12 either prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying this ASU as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally, if retrospective transition is adopted, an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. We do not anticipate the adoption of ASU 2014-12 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements 
    
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).   ASU 2014-09 is amended by ASU 2015-14, ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10, ASU 2016-11 and ASU 2016-12, which the FASB issued in     August 2015, March 2016, April 2016, May 2016 and May 2016, respectively (collectively the  amended ASU 2014-09 ). The amended ASU 2014-09 provides a single comprehensive model for the recognition of revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. It requires an entity to recognize revenue when the entity transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The amended ASU 2014-09 creates a five-step model that requires entities to exercise judgment when considering the terms of contract(s), which includes (1) identifying the contract(s) with the customer, (2) identifying the separate performance obligations in the contract, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the separate performance obligations, and (5) recognizing revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. The amended ASU 2014-09 requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including qualitative and quantitative information about contracts with customers, significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The effective date for the amended ASU 2014-09 is for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. We are currently evaluating the effect of the adoption of the amended ASU 2014-09 on our consolidated financial statements and the implementation approach to be used. 
    
  Adopted Accounting Standards Updates 
    
  Effective July 1, 2016, we elected to early adopt ASU 2015-17,   Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes   on a prospective basis. This guidance requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as non-current on the balance sheet. The adoption of ASU 2015-17 had no impact on our results of operations or cash flows for the year ended September 30, 2016.  
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, we elected to early adopt ASU 2015-05,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  . This guidance clarifies that if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, the customer should account for the license consistent with  
  
   61 

     Table of Contents  

its accounting for other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. We elected to adopt the amendments prospectively for all arrangements entered into or materially modified after January 1, 2016. The adoption of ASU 2015-05 does not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. We record the qualified cloud-based software license fees as software intangible assets instead of prepaid expenses, and amortize them over the contract length as software amortization expense instead of service expense. Both amortization expense and service expense are included in the selling, general and administrative expense line of our consolidated statement of comprehensive income, resulting in no significant impact on our income from operations, net income or cash flows.  

Note 4. Acquisitions 
    
  2014 Acquisition 
    
  On February 28, 2014, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Flyer Acquisition Corp., we acquired   100%   of the outstanding shares of Haas. The results of Haas since the acquisition have been included in the consolidated financial statements and are included in the North America and Rest of World segments based on actual results of the reporting units. 
    
  Haas consolidated net sales included in the financial statements since the acquisition date was   $591.8 million   and   $356.2 million   in the years ended September 2015 and 2014, respectively. Haas consolidated net loss or income included in the financial statements since the acquisition date was a net loss of   $0.6 million   and a net income of   $2.9 million   in the years ended September 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
    
  Pro Forma Consolidated Results 
    
  The following pro forma information presents the financial results as if the acquisition of Haas had occurred on October 1, 2013. The pro forma results do not include any anticipated cost synergies, costs or other effects of the planned integration of the acquisition. Accordingly, such pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of the results that actually would have occurred had the acquisitions been completed on the dates indicated, nor are they indicative of future operating results. We did not have any material, nonrecurring pro forma adjustments directly attributable to the business combination in the reported pro-forma net sales and earnings (in thousands except per share data). 

Note 5. Inventory 
    
  Our inventory is comprised solely of finished goods. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , our E O reserve was   $250.7   million and   $264.1   million, respectively. Charges to cost of sales for increase in our E O reserves and related items were   $14.6   million,   $95.1   million and   $17.7   million in the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. We believe that these amounts appropriately reflect the risk of E O inventory inherent in our business. 
    
  In the three months ended September 30, 2015, we determined that inventory previously purchased in connection with a specific program which was subsequently terminated, had no alternative use. Prior to such determination during the year ended September 30, 2015, we attempted to negotiate a sale of such inventory with our customer for whom such inventory was purchased, as well as market the inventory through other channels, and believed the full cost of this inventory was recoverable. However, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we determined such inventory was not marketable and recorded a reserve of   $33.0 million  . 

62 

     Table of Contents  

In the fourth quarter of 2015, management implemented a new strategy of providing integrated supply chain services more tailored to customer demand through long-term contracts and focused forecasted consumption including changes to our inventory purchasing strategy, holding inventory for shorter periods and the planned scrapping of long dated inventory. The new strategy and updates for fiscal 2015 sales activities led to changes in the sell through rates, holding period of aged inventory and others estimates used in the E O reserve for our hardware inventory, which increased our E O inventory reserves by   $43.8 million  . 

Note 6. Related Party Transactions 
    
  We entered into a management agreement with The Carlyle Group to provide certain financial, strategic advisory and consultancy services. Under this management agreement, we are obligated to pay The Carlyle Group, or a designee thereof, an annual management fee of   $1.0 million   plus fees and expenses associated with company-related meetings. We incurred expense of   $1.3 million  ,   $1.1 million   and   $1.1 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, related to this management agreement. These amounts were paid to The Carlyle Group during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  . 
    
  We lease several office and warehouse facilities under operating lease agreements from entities controlled by our former chief executive officer, who is also our Chairman of the Board. Rent expense on these facilities was   $1.8 million  ,   $1.7 million   and   $1.8 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively (see Note 17). 

Note 7. Property and Equipment, net 
    
  Property and equipment, net, consist of the following at   September 30   (in thousands): 

At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , property and equipment included assets of   $8.9 million  , and   $7.1 million   respectively, acquired under capital lease arrangements. Accumulated amortization of assets acquired under capital leases was   $5.8 million   and   $4.1 million   as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense for property and equipment was   $12.1 million  ,   $11.8 million   and   $8.8 million   during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively (including amortization expense of   $1.5 million  ,   $1.5 million   and   $1.4 million   on assets acquired under capital leases for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively). 

63 

Table of Contents  

Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets, net 
    
  A reconciliation of our goodwill balance is as follows (in thousands): 

We performed our Step 1 goodwill impairment tests on July 1, 2016. The results of these tests indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values. 
     
  We performed our Step 1 goodwill impairment test on July 1, 2015. The results of these tests indicated that the estimated fair values of our reporting units exceeded their carrying values, with the exception of the North America Hardware reporting unit within our North America segment. The impact of market pressures such as decreasing revenue and underperformance relative to forecast adversely impacted the fair value of this reporting unit. As a result, we proceeded to Step 2 of the goodwill impairment analysis using the most appropriate valuation methods including the income approach, and compared the implied value of North America Hardware s goodwill with the carrying value of its goodwill, and since the carrying value exceeded the implied fair value, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of   $263.8 million   in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the gross amounts and accumulated amortization of intangible assets is as follows (in thousands): 

Estimated future intangible amortization expense at   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands): 

64 

     Table of Contents  

Amortization expense included in the statements of comprehensive income for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $15.8 million  ,   $15.9 million   and   $12.6 million  , respectively. In addition to amortizing intangibles, we assigned an indefinite life to the Wesco Aircraft trademark. As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the trademark had a carrying value of   $37.8 million  . 

Note 9. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
    
  Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

Note 10. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Our financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and payable, accrued and other current liabilities and a revolving facility. The carrying amounts of these instruments approximate fair value because of their short-term maturities. The fair value of interest rate swap agreements is determined using pricing models that use observable market inputs as of the balance sheet date, a Level 2 measurement. The fair value of the long-term debt instruments is determined using current applicable rates for similar instruments as of the balance sheet date, a Level 2 measurement. 
    
  The carrying amounts and fair values of the debt instruments and interest rate swap hedge instrument were as follows (in thousands): 

65 

Table of Contents  

Note 11. Long-Term Debt 
    
  Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands): 

Aggregate maturities of long-term debt as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

Existing Senior Secured Credit Facilities 
    
  On October 4, 2016, we entered into the Fourth Amendment (the Amendment) to our credit agreement, dated as of December 7, 2012, by and among the Company, Wesco Aircraft Hardware (the Borrower) and the lenders and agents party thereto (as amended prior to the Amendment, the Existing Credit Agreement; the Existing Credit Agreement, as amended by the Amendment, the Credit Agreement). The Amendment modified the Existing Credit Agreement to replace the Borrower s existing revolving credit facility with a new revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $180.0 million   and the Borrower s existing senior secured term loan A facility with a new senior secured term loan A facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $400.0 million  . (See Note 23 for a discussion of the Credit Facilities as amended by the Amendment).    
    
  As of September 30, 2016, our Existing Credit Agreement provided for (1) a   $625.0 million   term loan A facility (the existing term loan A facility), (2) a   $200.0 million   revolving credit facility (the existing revolving facility) and (3) a   $525.0 million   senior secured term loan B facility (the term loan B facility). We refer to the term loan B facility, together with the existing term loan A facility and the existing revolving facility, as the Existing Credit Facilities.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our outstanding indebtedness under our Existing Credit Facilities was   $841.9 million  , which consisted of (1)   $401.3 million   of indebtedness under the existing term loan A facility and (2)   $440.6 million   of indebtedness under the term loan B facility. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $200.0 million   was available for borrowing under the existing revolving facility, of which we could borrow up to   $146.4 million   without breaching any covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 
    
  The interest rate for the existing term loan A facility was based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) as was determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   1.75%   to   2.50%   for Eurocurrency loans and   0.75%   to   1.50%   for alternate base rate (ABR) loans. The existing term loan A facility amortized in equal quarterly installments of   1.25%   of the original principal amount of   $625.0 million   for the first year, escalating to quarterly installments of   2.50%   of the original principal amount of   $625.0 million   by the fifth year, with the balance due at maturity on December 7, 2017. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate for borrowings under the existing term loan A facility was   5.00%  . 
    
  The interest rate for the term loan B facility had a margin of   2.50%   per annum for Eurocurrency loans (subject to a minimum Eurocurrency rate floor of   0.75%   per annum) or   1.50%   per annum for ABR loans (subject to a minimum ABR floor  
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  

of   1.75%   per annum). The term loan B facility amortized in equal quarterly installments of   0.25%   of the original principal amount of   $525.0 million  , with the balance due at maturity on February 28, 2021. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate for borrowings under the term loan B facility was   3.34%  . In July 2015, we entered into interest rate swap agreements relating to this indebtedness, which are described in greater detail in Note 12. 
    
  The interest rate for the existing revolving facility was based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   1.75%   to   2.50%   for Eurocurrency loans and   0.75%   to   1.50%   for ABR loans. The existing revolving facility was due to expire on December 7, 2017. 
    
  Our borrowings under the Existing Credit Facilities were guaranteed by us and all of our direct and indirect, wholly-owned, domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) and secured by a first lien on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our guarantor subsidiaries, including capital stock of the subsidiaries (in each case, subject to certain exceptions). 
     
  During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we made voluntary prepayments totaling   $76.0 million   on our existing term loan A facility and   $35.0 million   on our term loan B facility, which, with respect to the term loan B facility, have been applied to future required quarterly payments and to the amount due upon maturity.  
    
  Under the terms and definitions applicable to the Existing Credit Facilities as of   September 30, 2016  , our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) could not exceed   4.5   (with step-downs on such ratio during future periods) and our Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) could not be less than   2.25  . The Existing Credit Facilities also contained customary negative covenants, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries  ability to merge and consolidate with other companies, incur indebtedness, grant liens or security interests on assets, make acquisitions, loans, advances or investments, pay dividends, sell or otherwise transfer assets, optionally prepay or modify terms of any junior indebtedness or enter into transactions with affiliates. As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of the foregoing covenants, and our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio was   3.78   and our Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio was   6.30  .  
    
  UK Line of Credit 
    
  Our subsidiary, Wesco Aircraft Europe, Ltd, has a    7.0 million   (  $9.1 million   based on the   September 30, 2016   exchange rate) line of credit that automatically renews annually on October 1. The line of credit bears interest based on the   base rate   plus an applicable margin of   1.65%  . As of   September 30, 2016  , the full    7.0 million   was available for borrowing under the UK line of credit without breaching any covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 

Note 12. Derivative Financial Instruments 
    
  We use derivative instruments primarily to manage exposures to foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and changes in interest rates. Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counter-parties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We, however, seek to mitigate such risks by limiting our counter-parties to major financial institutions. In addition, the potential risk of loss with any one counter-party resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored. Management does not expect material losses as a result of defaults by counter-parties. 
    
  Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
    
  Our objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we primarily use interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy.  Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for our making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. In July 2015, we entered into two interest rate swap agreements, which we designated as cash flow hedges, in order to reduce our exposure to variability in cash flows related to interest payments on a portion of our outstanding debt. The first interest rate swap agreement has an amortizing notional amount, which was   425.0 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , and matures on September 30, 2017, giving us the contractual right to pay a fixed interest rate of   1.21%   plus the applicable margin under the term loan B facility (as defined in Note 11 above; see Note 11 for the applicable margin). The second interest rate swap agreement also has an amortizing notional amount, initially   $375.0 million  , giving us the contractual right to pay a fixed interest rate of   2.2625%   plus the applicable margin under the term loan B facility, which is effective on September 29, 2017 and matures on September 30, 2019. 
  
   67 

     Table of Contents  

The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized immediately in earnings. During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we did not record any hedge ineffectiveness in earnings. No portion of our interest rate swap agreements is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
    
  Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) related to derivatives are reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on our variable-rate debt. As of   September 30, 2016  , we expected to reclassify approximately   $0.7 million   from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings as an increase to interest expense over the next   12 months   when the underlying hedged item impacts earnings. 
    
  Non-Designated Derivatives 
    
  On December 16, 2015, we entered into   one   foreign currency forward contract to partially reduce our exposure to foreign currency fluctuations for a subsidiary's net monetary assets, which are denominated in a foreign currency. The derivative is not designated as a hedging instrument. The change in its fair value is recognized as periodic gain or loss in the other income (loss), net line of our consolidated statement of earnings and comprehensive income. This foreign currency forward contract expired on September 28, 2016. 
    
  The following table summarizes the notional principal amounts at   September 30, 2016   and   2015   of our interest rate swap agreements discussed above (in thousands). We did not have foreign exchange forward contracts as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The following table provides the location and fair value amounts of our hedge instruments, which are reported in our consolidated balance sheets as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands). We did not have foreign exchange forward contracts as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The following table provides the losses of our cash flow hedging instruments (net of income tax benefit), which were transferred from AOCI to our consolidated statement of comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in thousands). We did not have any hedge instruments in the year ended September 30, 2014. 

68 

     Table of Contents  

The following table provides the effective portion of the losses of our cash flow hedge instruments which are recognized (net of income taxes) in other comprehensive loss for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in thousands). We did not have any hedge instruments in the year ended September 30, 2014. 

The following table provides a summary of changes to our accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our cash flow hedging instruments (net of income taxes) during the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

The following table provides the pretax effect of our derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on our consolidated earnings and comprehensive income for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in thousands). We did not have such derivative instruments in the years ended   September 30, 2015   and 2014. 

Note 13. Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
  The components of other comprehensive loss and related tax effects for each period were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

See Note 12 for the amounts of losses on derivatives reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive loss into the consolidated statements of income, with presentation location, for each period. We did not have any hedge instruments in the year ended September 30, 2014. 

69 

     Table of Contents  

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss by component and related tax effects for each period were as follows (in thousands): 

Note 14.  Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
    
  The following table presents net income (loss) per share and related information (dollars in thousands): 

Shares of common stock equivalents of   2.0 million  ,   2.3 million  , and   0.5 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively, were excluded from the diluted calculation due to their anti-dilutive effect.  

Note 15. Income Taxes 
    
  Income (loss) before benefit or provision for income taxes for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was as follows (in thousands): 

70 

     Table of Contents  

The components of our income tax provision (benefit) for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were as follows (in thousands): 

The tax impact associated with the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock units for the year ended   September 30, 2016   will be recognized in the current tax return. For the year ended   September 30, 2016  ,   $1.1 million   of tax benefit has been credited to additional paid in capital. For the years ended   September 30, 2015   and   2014  , a reduction to paid in capital of   $0.1 million   was recorded, and   $10.2 million   of tax benefit has been credited to additional paid in capital, respectively. 
    
  A reconciliation of our provision (benefit) for income taxes to the U.S. federal statutory rate is as follows for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   (in thousands): 

In November 2015, The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes. The new accounting guidance amends the presentation of deferred income taxes on our Consolidated Balance Sheet such that they are presented entirely as non-current assets and liabilities. As permitted by the standard, we early adopted the new presentation prospectively, beginning July 1, 2016. Consistent with our prospective adoption, the presentation of deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2015 was not restated. 

71 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the components of deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were as follows (in thousands): 

As of   September 30, 2016  , we had state net operating loss carryforwards of   $3.0 million   which will begin to expire in 2025, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of   $11.8 million   which will begin to expire in 2021. As of   September 30, 2016  , we had U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards of   $13.6 million   which will begin to expire in 2021. 
    
  We are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income taxes in various state and foreign jurisdictions. The earliest tax year still subject to examination by a significant taxing jurisdiction is September 30, 2012. 
    
  The undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which amount to   $87.0 million   are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and   no   provision for federal or state and local taxes or foreign withholding taxes has been provided on such earnings. The taxes associated with the undistributed earnings would be between   $15.0 million   and   $20.0 million  . 
    
  We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold it is then measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We classify gross interest and penalties and unrecognized tax benefits as non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of   September 30, 2016  , the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was   $2.5 million  , including   $0.3 million   of interest and   $42,000   of penalties, all of which would impact the effective tax rate if recognized. It is reasonably possible that within the next twelve months,   $86,000   may be recognized as a result of the lapsing of the statute of limitations. 

72 

     Table of Contents  

The unrecognized tax benefits, which exclude interest and penalties, for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   September 30, 2014   are as follows (in thousands): 

We determine whether it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences become deductible or includible in taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in our assessment. Based upon the level of historical income and projections for future taxable income, we believe it is more likely than not that we will not realize the benefits of the temporary differences related to certain Haas foreign tax credits and Haas foreign net operating losses. Therefore, a valuation allowance has been recorded against these deferred tax assets (in thousands). 

Note 16. Stock-Based and Other Compensation Arrangements 
    
  On January 27, 2015, our stockholders approved the 2014 Plan, which amended and restated our 2011 Equity Incentive Award Plan and authorized the issuance of a total of   5,717,584   shares. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   4,399,512   shares remaining available for issuance under the 2014 Plan. 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  Our stock options are eligible to vest over   three years   in three equal annual installments, subject to continued employment on each vesting date. Vested options are exercisable at any time until   10 years   from the date of the option grant, subject to earlier expirations under certain terminations of service and other conditions.  The stock options granted have an exercise price equal to the closing stock price of our common stock on the grant date. 
    
  Continuous Employment Conditions 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we have outstanding   598,665   unvested time-based stock options under the 2014 Plan or our prior equity incentive plans (collectively, the Plans), which will vest on the basis of continuous employment. All of the time-based options vest ratably during the period of service. 

73 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the summary of options activity under the Plans (dollars in thousands except per share data):    

(1) 
    Aggregate intrinsic value is calculated based on the difference between our closing stock price at year end and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options and represents the pre-tax amount that would have been received by the option holders, had they all exercised all their options on the fiscal year end date. 
       
  The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $4.5 million  ,   $1.5 million   and   $34.6 million  , respectively. For the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we recorded   $3.2 million  ,   $3.6 million   and   $2.9 million  , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to these options that is included within selling, general and administrative expenses. At   September 30, 2016  , the unrecognized stock-based compensation related to these options was   $2.8 million   and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.5   years. Cash received from the exercise of stock options by us during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $6.3 million  ,   $0.8 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock 
    
  In the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we granted   506,943   shares of restricted common stock to employees. These shares are eligible to vest over   three years   in three equal annual installments, subject to continued employment on each vesting date. During the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we granted   57,759  ,   73,662   and   26,874  , respectively, of restricted common shares to our directors. During fiscal year   2016  , we granted performance-related restricted stock to certain executives, which vest after three years based on the achievement of a certain operational goal. The stock-based compensation expense for the performance awards is determined based on the probability of achieving the performance goal which is assessed by management on a quarterly basis until vesting. For the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , we recorded   $5.3 million  ,   $4.3 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, of stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock that is included within selling, general and administrative expenses. The restricted stock awards do not contain any redemption provisions that are not within our control. Accordingly, these restricted stock awards have been accounted for as our stockholders  equity. At   September 30, 2016  , the unrecognized stock-based compensation related to restricted stock awards was   $6.6 million   and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of   1.8   years. 

74 

     Table of Contents  

Restricted share activity during the year ended   September 30, 2016   was as follows: 

(1) 
    Under the terms of their respective restricted stock award agreements, holders of restricted stock have the same voting rights as common stock shareholders; such rights exist even if the shares of restricted stock have not vested. 
       
  Fair value of our restricted shares is based on our closing stock price on the date of grant. The fair value of shares that were vested during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $3.5 million  ,   $3.1 million   and   $2.8 million  , respectively. The fair value of shares that were granted during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $6.9 million  ,   $8.8 million   and   $4.3 million  , respectively. The weighted average fair value at the grant date for restricted shares issued during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $12.29  ,   $16.05   and   $20.88  , respectively. Due to tax deductions associated with option exercises and restricted share activities, we realized tax benefits of   $1.0 million  , a tax shortfall of   $0.1 million   and tax benefits of   $10.2 million   for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. The realized tax benefits were recorded to the additional paid in capital account in our stockholders  equity. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options. The determination of the fair value of stock-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model is affected by our stock price as well as assumptions regarding complex and subjective variables. These variables include the expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. 
    
  We estimated expected volatility based on historical data of comparable public companies. The expected term, which represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, is estimated based on guidelines provided in U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 and represents the average of the vesting tranches and contractual terms. The risk-free rate assumed in valuing the options is based on the U.S. Treasury rate in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, used an expected dividend yield of zero in the option pricing model. Compensation expense is recognized only for those options expected to vest with forfeitures estimated based on our historical experience and future expectations. Stock-based compensation awards are amortized on a straight line basis over a   three   year period. 
    
  The weighted average assumptions used to value the option grants are as follows: 

The weighted average fair value per option at the grant date for options issued during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014   was   $4.38  ,   $6.52   and   $9.36  , respectively. 

75 

Table of Contents  

Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  Operating Leases 
    
  We lease office and warehouse facilities (certain of which are from related parties) and warehouse equipment under various non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through October 31, 2026. Certain leases contain escalation clauses based on the Consumer Price Index. We are also committed under the terms of certain of these operating lease agreements to pay property taxes, insurance, utilities and maintenance costs. 
    
  Future minimum rental payments under operating leases as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Total rent expense for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   was   $11.9 million  ,   $11.4 million   and   $6.6 million  , respectively. 
    
  Capital Lease Commitments 
    
  We lease certain equipment under capital lease agreements that require minimum monthly payments that expire at various dates through June 30, 2024. The gross amount of these leases at   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   are   $3.5 million   and   $3.3 million  , respectively. 
    
  Future minimum lease payments as of   September 30, 2016   are as follows (in thousands): 

Indemnifications 
    
  In the normal course of business, we provide indemnifications to our customers with regard to certain products and enter into contracts and agreements that may contain representations and warranties and provide for general indemnifications. Our maximum exposure under many of these agreements is not quantifiable as we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims and payments. Payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, we could incur costs in the future as a result of indemnification obligations. 

76 

     Table of Contents  

Litigation 
    
  We are involved in various legal matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. Management, after consulting with outside legal counsel, believes that the ultimate outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. There can be no assurance, however, that such actions will not be material or adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 18. Employee Benefit Plan 
    
  We maintain a 401(k) defined contribution plan and a retirement saving plan for the benefit of our eligible employees. All U.S. full-time employees who have completed at least   one   full month of service and are at least   20 years   of age are eligible to participate in the plans. Eligible employees may elect to contribute up to   60%   of their eligible compensation. We made contributions of   $2.4 million  ,   $2.1 million   and   $1.6 million   during the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014  , respectively. 

Note 19. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Note 20. Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) 
    
  Summarized unaudited quarterly financial data for quarters ended December 31, 2014 through   September 30, 2016   is as follows (in thousands except per share data): 

77 

     Table of Contents  

1. 
    During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded charges to cost of sales of   $83.4 million   for the increase in our E O reserve and related items, and a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of   $263.8 million  . See Note 2, Note 5 and Note 8 for additional information. 
              2. 
    Net income (loss) per share calculations for each quarter are based on the weighted average basic and diluted shares outstanding for that quarter and may not total to the full year amount. 

Note 21. Segment Reporting 
    
  We are organized based on geographic location. Our reportable segments are North America and Rest of World. 
    
  We evaluate segment performance based on segment operating earnings or loss. Each segment reports its results of operations and makes requests for capital expenditures and acquisition funding to our chief operating decision-maker (CODM). Our chief executive officer serves as our CODM. 
    
  The following table presents net sales and other financial information by business segment (in thousands): 

Changes in the goodwill balance in the year ended   September 30, 2016   are due to foreign currency exchange rate changes related to the Rest of World segment. See Note 8 for further information. 

Changes in the goodwill balance in the year ended   September 30, 2015   included a non-cash impairment charge of    $263.8 million   relate to the North America. See Note 8 for further information. 
  
   78 

     Table of Contents  

Geographic Information 
    
  We operated principally in three geographic areas, North America, Europe and emerging markets, such as Asia, Pacific Rim and the Middle East. 
    
  Net sales by geographic area, for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015  , and   2014  , were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

We determine the geographic area based on the origin of the sale. 
    
  Long-lived assets by geographic area, for the years ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , were as follows (in thousands): 

79 

     Table of Contents  

Product and Services Information 
    
  Net sales by product categories, for the years ended   September 30, 2016  ,   2015   and   2014   were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Note 22. Restructuring Activities 
    
  We record costs associated with involuntary separation programs when management has approved the plan for separation, the affected employees are identified, and it is unlikely that actions required to complete the separation plan will change significantly. 
    
  In September 2015, we committed to a Global Restructuring Plan (GRP), which involved the immediate elimination of redundant positions and the closure and consolidation of various facilities in order to better align our workforce to the growth areas of our business and to streamline our operations in order to increase efficiency and effectiveness. As of   September 30, 2016  , we materially completed the actions under the GRP. 
    
  During the year ended   September 30, 2016  , we recorded a net expense reduction of   $185,000   related to the restructuring activities, consisting of   $170,000   of additional employee severance and related costs, which was more than offset by an expense reduction of   $355,000   related to the termination of leases and other expenses. Of these amounts,   $183,000   of additional expenses was recorded in North America and   $368,000   of expense reduction was recorded in Rest of World. Such net expense reduction was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
    
  Our restructuring liabilities were included in the accrued expenses and other current liabilities line of our consolidated balance sheets. The following table summarizes the activities affecting our restructuring liabilities described above during the year ended   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

80 

     Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the total incurred restructuring costs by segment as of   September 30, 2016   (in thousands): 

The remaining costs to be incurred under the GRP are not expected to differ significantly from the amount accrued as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Note 23. Subsequent Event 
    
  On October 4, 2016, we entered into the Amendment to the Existing Credit Agreement. The Amendment modified the Existing Credit Agreement to replace the Borrower s existing revolving credit facility with a new revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $180.0 million   (the revolving facility) and the Borrower s existing senior secured term loan A facility with a new senior secured term loan A facility in an aggregate principal amount of   $400.0 million   (the term loan A facility). 
    
  The Amendment also modified the Existing Credit Agreement to (1) remove the Consolidated Net Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) financial covenant set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement and (2) modify the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) levels in the financial covenant set forth in the Existing Credit Agreement to a maximum of   4.50   for the quarters ending September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2016, with step-downs to   4.25   for the quarters ending March 31, 2017 and June 30, 2017,   4.00   for the quarters ending September 30, 2017 and December 31, 2017,   3.75   for the quarters ending March 31, 2018 and June 30, 2018 and   3.50   for the quarter ending September 30, 2018 and thereafter.  
    
  The Amendment also provided for additional amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement, including (1) permitting the corporate consolidation of the Company s operations in the United Kingdom, (2) expanding the Company s ability to enter into receivables financings, (3) increasing the maximum amount permitted to be incurred under a Cash-Capped Incremental Facility (as defined in the Credit Agreement) from   $100 million   to   $150 million   and (4) providing increased flexibility for future restructurings. 
    
  The Credit Agreement provides for (1) a   $400.0 million   term loan A facility, (2) a   $180.0 million   revolving credit facility and (3) a   $525.0 million   senior secured term loan B facility (the  term loan B facility ). We refer to the term loan B facility, together with the term loan A facility and the revolving facility, as the  Credit Facilities.  
    
  As a result of the Amendment, we incurred   $10.4 million   in fees that were capitalized and will be amortized over the remaining life of the related debt.    $1.9 million   of the unamortized financing fees related to the Existing Credit Agreement will be written off as debt extinguishment loss in the three months ending December 31, 2016. 
    
  On October 4, 2016, we repaid   $1.3 million   on our existing term loan A facility prior to the effectiveness of the Amendment, resulting in a   $400.0 million   balance. After the effectiveness of the Amendment, we borrowed   $25.0 million   on October 4, 2016 under our new   $180.0 million   revolving facility to pay the fees of our Amendment and fund our normal operations. As of October 4, 2016, the interest rate for borrowings under the revolving facility was   3.29%  .  
    
  The interest rate for the term loan A facility under the Credit Agreement is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   2.00%   to   2.75%   for Eurocurrency loans and   1.00%   to   1.75%   for alternate base rate (ABR) loans. The term loan A facility amortizes in equal quarterly installments of   1.25%   of the original principal amount of   $400.0 million  , with the balance due at maturity on October 4, 2021, subject to certain exceptions.  
       
  The interest rate for the term loan B facility under the Credit Agreement has a margin of   2.50%   per annum for Eurocurrency loans (subject to a minimum Eurocurrency rate floor of   0.75%   per annum) or   1.50%   per annum for ABR loans (subject to a minimum ABR floor of   1.75%   per annum).  The term loan B facility continues to amortize in equal quarterly installments of   0.25%   of the original principal amount of   $525.0 million  , with the balance due at maturity on February 28,  
  
   81 

     Table of Contents  

2021. In July 2015, we entered into interest rate swap agreements relating to this indebtedness, which are described in greater detail in Note12. 
    
  The interest rate for the revolving facility under the Credit Agreement is based on our Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio as determined in the most recently delivered financial statements, with the respective margins ranging from   2.00%   to   2.75%   for Eurocurrency loans and   1.00%   to   1.75%   for ABR loans. The revolving facility expires on October 4, 2021, subject to certain exceptions. 
    
  Our borrowings under the Credit Facilities are guaranteed by us and all of our direct and indirect, wholly-owned, domestic restricted subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) and secured by a first lien on substantially all of our assets and the assets of our guarantor subsidiaries, including capital stock of the subsidiaries (in each case, subject to certain exceptions). 
    
  The Credit Facilities contain customary negative covenants, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries  ability to merge and consolidate with other companies, incur indebtedness, grant liens or security interests on assets, make acquisitions, loans, advances or investments, pay dividends, sell or otherwise transfer assets, optionally prepay or modify terms of any junior indebtedness or enter into transactions with affiliates. 

82 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
    
  None. 

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  Management of the Company, with the participation of its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 13d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on their evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Management of the Company has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016.  In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management used the criteria described in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework   (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2016 based on criteria in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. 
     
  The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Remediation of Material Weaknesses 
    
  In previous annual and quarterly reports, we disclosed material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting relating to (1) a lack of a sufficient complement of accounting and financial reporting personnel with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge and experience commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, (2) maintaining effective controls over the preparation and review of account reconciliations and (3) maintaining effective controls over the integration of policies, practices and controls over the acquired Haas business.  
    
   Throughout fiscal 2015 and 2016, we implemented changes to our processes to improve our internal control over financial reporting.  The following steps have been taken to remediate the conditions leading to the above material weaknesses:  

Our staff attended four training sessions during fiscal 2016, at our corporate headquarters and through videoconferencing for employees located outside of our corporate headquarters, as part of our comprehensive training program to upgrade the skills of our internal audit and accounting personnel. 

We formalized all of our critical accounting and reporting policies, which were approved by our chief financial officer and made available on our intranet, and we trained our finance personnel on these policies. 

We implemented a formalized account reconciliation policy and procedures that included intensive training of our accounting team to ensure that these reconciliations are completed at each period-end on a timely basis. 

We conducted a thorough assessment of the account reconciliation process, which included performing a walk-through of the process and testing on a sample basis, after which we concluded that the process is designed and operating effectively. 

We reviewed our control environment and related control activities to identify and implement enhancements and other integration activities to simplify and, where possible, centralize our processes and related controls. 

83 

     Table of Contents  

We integrated various key processes, systems and resources, including implementation of a common financial system across substantially all of the business, which allows for streamlined efforts, reduced redundancies, and the ability to train employees to specialize in certain tasks. 

We implemented new software to automate and improve our account reconciliation process, which has simplified and reduced routine activities and provided additional time for our finance department to focus on non-routine areas that require more analysis and professional judgment.  

We filled openings at senior financial and organizational leadership roles, including: 

Chief executive officer, who started in May 2015, and 
                
    Chief financial officer, who started in May 2015.  

We restructured and reorganized our finance department, as well as other departments, to capitalize on the collective skills, abilities, and expertise of our resources based on our assessment and analysis of our combined talent pool from the Haas acquisition. Where gaps were identified, we actively filled key roles. 

We added qualified and experienced financial reporting staff in the finance department to ensure that it has sufficient depth, skills, and experience to prepare our financial statements and disclosures in accordance with GAAP. Additional experienced staff include: 

New controller of operations and supply chain, who started in February 2015, 
                
    New treasury manager, who was promoted in August 2015, 
                
    New director of SEC reporting and technical accounting, who started in September 2015, and 
                
    New internal audit manager, who started in September 2015. 

We enhanced controls around the identification, documentation and application of technical accounting guidance with particular emphasis on events outside the ordinary course of business. These controls include the implementation of additional supervision and review activities by qualified personnel, the preparation of formal accounting memoranda to support our conclusions on technical accounting matters and the development and use of checklists and research tools to assist in compliance with GAAP for complex accounting issues. 

We formed a disclosure committee comprised of members of our financial management and representatives from our accounting, legal, and investor relations departments to address and coordinate SEC filings and investor communications, the minutes of which are reviewed with the audit committee. 
       
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

PART III 
    
  In accordance with General Instruction G.(3) of Form 10-K certain information required by this Part III will either be incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders (2017 Proxy Statement) filed within 120 days after   September 30, 2016   or will be included in an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  . To the extent such information is included in our 2017 Proxy Statement within 120 days after   September 30, 2016  , it is expected to be incorporated by reference to the sections of our 2017 Proxy Statement specified below. 

84 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
  The information appearing in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the following headings is incorporated herein by reference: 

Proposal 1 Election of Directors,  

Executive Officers,  

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  and 

General Information Concerning the Board of Directors, Its Committees and the Company s Corporate Governance.  

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
  The information appearing in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the following headings is incorporated herein by reference: 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis,  

General Information Concerning the Board of Directors, Its Committees and the Company s Corporate Governance  and 

Compensation Committee Report.  

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
    
  The information appearing in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the following heading is incorporated herein by reference: 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  and 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis.  

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
    
  The information appearing in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the following headings is incorporated herein by reference: 

Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions  and 

General Information Concerning the Board of Directors, Its Committees and the Company s Corporate Governance.  

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
    
  The information appearing in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the following heading is incorporated herein by reference: 

Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Auditors.  

85 

Table of Contents  

PART IV 

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
           (a) 
    The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
       
           (1) 
    Financial Statements.    The financial statements listed in the  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  under Part II, Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,  which index is incorporated herein by reference. 
       
           (2) 
    Financial Statement Schedules.    Financial statement schedules have been omitted because either they are not applicable, not required or the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
       
           (3) 
    Exhibits.    The attached list of exhibits in the  Exhibit Index  immediately preceding the exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which index is incorporated herein by reference. 

86 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WESCO AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS, INC. 

Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ David J. Castagnola 

David J. Castagnola 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
    
                       SIGNATURE 
      
    TITLE 
      
    DATE 

/s/ DAVID J. CASTAGNOLA 
      
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

David J. Castagnola 
      
    and Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ RICHARD J. WELLER 
      
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 

Richard J. Weller 
      
    Officer 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ K. LYNN MACKISON 

K. Lynn Mackison 
      
    Vice President and Global Controller 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ RANDY J. SNYDER 

Randy J. Snyder 
      
    Chairman of the Board of Directors 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ DAYNE A. BAIRD 

Dayne A. Baird 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ THOMAS M. BANCROFT 

Thomas M. Bancroft 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ PAUL E. FULCHINO 

Paul E. Fulchino 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ JAY L. HABERLAND 

Jay L. Haberland 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ SCOTT E. KUECHLE 

Scott E. Kuechle 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ ADAM J. PALMER 

Adam J. Palmer 
      
    Director 
      
    November 28, 2016 

87 

     Table of Contents  

88 

Table of Contents  

Exhibit Index 

89 

     Table of Contents  

90 

     Table of Contents  

Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

91 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 wair20160930-ex211.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21.1 

List of Subsidiaries 
    
                   Name 
      
    State or Country of Organization 
      AVIC Haas Chemical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 
      
    China 
      Fasteq Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Flintbrook Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Haas Chemical Management of Mexico, Inc. 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Haas Chemical Materials Distribution and Trading Limited Liability Company 
      
    Turkey 
      Haas Corporation of Canada 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Haas Corporation of China 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Haas Do Brasil Total Gerenciamento De Productos Quimicos Ltda. 
      
    Brazil 
      Haas FineChem (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
      
    China 
      Haas Group Australia Pty Limited 
      
    Australia 
      Haas Group Canada Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Haas Group Finland Oy 
      
    Finland 
      Haas Group, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Haas Group International France 
      
    France 
      Haas Group International GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Haas Group International, LLC 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Haas Group International Philippines, Inc. 
      
    Philippines 
      Haas Group International SCM Ireland Limited 
      
    Ireland 
      Haas Group International SCM Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Haas Group International Sp. z o.o. 
      
    Poland 
      Haas Holdings, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Haas International Corporation 
      
    Pennsylvania 
      Haas of Delaware LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Haas SCM Srl 
      
    Italy 
      Haas TCM China Holdings Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
      Haas TCM de Mexico S de RL de CV 
      
    Mexico 
      Haas TCM Group of the UK Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Haas TCM Industries LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Haas TCM Malaysia SDN. BHD. 
      
    Malaysia 
      Haas TCM of Israel Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      Haas TCM of Luxembourg 3, SARL 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Haas TCM of Luxembourg 4, SARL 
      
    Luxembourg 
      Interfast Europe Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Interfast USA Holdings Inc. 
      
    Delaware 
      NetMRO, LLC 
      
    Florida 
      RD Taylor   Co. Limited 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Rising Bay Limited 
      
    Hong Kong 
      WA SF Cayman, Ltd 
      
    Cayman Islands 
      Wesco Aircraft Canada Inc. 
      
    Canada 
      Wesco Aircraft Canada, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Wesco Aircraft Canada LP 
      
    Canada 
      Wesco Aircraft EMEA, Ltd 
      
    United Kingdom 

Wesco Aircraft Europe, Ltd 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Wesco Aircraft France SAS 
      
    France 
      Wesco Aircraft Germany GmbH 
      
    Germany 
      Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corp. 
      
    California 
      Wesco Aircraft Hardware Corporation (China) 
      
    China 
      Wesco Aircraft Hardware India Private Limited 
      
    India 
      Wesco Aircraft International Holdings, Ltd 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Wesco Aircraft Italy Srl 
      
    Italy 
      Wesco Aircraft Israel Ltd 
      
    Israel 
      Wesco Aircraft Mexico S.A. de C.V. 
      
    Mexico 
      Wesco Aircraft SEA Pte. Ltd. 
      
    Singapore 
      Wesco Aircraft SF, LLC 
      
    Delaware 
      Wesco Aircraft Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
      
    Singapore 
      Wesco LLC 1 
      
    Delaware 
      Wesco LLC 2 
      
    Delaware 
      Wesco 1 LLP 
      
    United Kingdom 
      Wesco 2 LLP 
      
    United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 wair20160930-ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, David J. Castagnola, certify that: 
    
  1.                                          I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc.; 
    
  2.                                          Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                                          Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                                          The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                                         designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                                         designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                                          evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                                         disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                                          The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                                         all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                                         any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ DAVID J. CASTAGNOLA 

Name: 
    David J. Castagnola 
      
      Title: 
    President and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 wair20160930-ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  MANAGEMENT CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Richard J. Weller, certify that: 
    
  1.                                          I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc.; 
    
  2.                                          Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
    
  3.                                          Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
    
  4.                                          The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
    
  a)                                         designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)                                         designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)                                          evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)                                         disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
  5.                                          The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
    
  a)                                         all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)                                         any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
                   Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ RICHARD J. WELLER 

Name: 
    Richard J. Weller 
      
      Title: 
    Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 wair20160930-ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of Wesco Aircraft Holdings, Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), we, David J. Castagnola, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Richard J. Weller, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350 as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
  1.                                          The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
    
  2.                                          The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
    
                   Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ DAVID J. CASTAGNOLA 

David J. Castagnola 
      
      President and Chief Executive Officer 
      
      (Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: 
    November 28, 2016 

/s/ RICHARD J. WELLER 

Richard J. Weller 
      
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
      
      (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wair-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wair-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wair-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wair-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wair-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wair-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

