<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161215_10-K_edgar_data_46619_0000046619-16-000162_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16004446</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>371557</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1002409</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5325972</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6775648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2222114</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>95</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000046619-16-000162.hdr.sgml : 20161215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161215170138
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000046619-16-000162
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HEICO CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000046619
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT ENGINES & ENGINE PARTS [3724]
		IRS NUMBER:				650341002
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04604
		FILM NUMBER:		162054308

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TAFT ST
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33021
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-987-4000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3000 TAFT STREET
		CITY:			HOLLYWOOD
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33021

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HEINICKE INSTRUMENTS CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860417

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000046619-16-000162.txt : 20161215

10-K
 1
 hei1031201610k.htm
 10-K

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-K 

Commission file number 1-4604 
  HEICO CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:   (954) 987-4000 
  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
                         
    Title of each class 
      
    Name of each exchange on which registered 

Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 

Class A Common Stock, $.01 par value per share 
      
    New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
  None 
    
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes   o   No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes       No   o  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes       No   o 
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
  Large accelerated filer       Accelerated filer   o   Non-accelerated filer   o   Smaller reporting company   o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o   No     
  The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $3,417,606,000 based on the closing price of HEICO Common Stock and Class A Common Stock as of April 30, 2016 as reported by the New York Stock Exchange. 
  The number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of December 13, 2016:   

  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.                         

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION 
  INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

Page 
      PART I 
        
    Item 1. 
     Business  
    1 
        
     Executive Officers of the Registrant  
    13 
        
    Item 1A. 
     Risk Factors  
    15 
        
    Item 1B. 
     Unresolved Staff Comments  
    22 
        
    Item 2. 
     Properties  
    23 
        
    Item 3. 
     Legal Proceedings  
    23 
        
    Item 4. 
     Mine Safety Disclosures  
    24 

PART II 
        
    Item 5. 
     Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
    24 
        
    Item 6. 
     Selected Financial Data  
    28 
        
    Item 7. 
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and  Results of Operations  
    30 
        
    Item 7A. 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    50 
        
    Item 8. 
     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  
    51 
        
    Item 9. 
     Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  
    106 
        
    Item 9A. 
     Controls and Procedures  
    106 
        
    Item 9B. 
     Other Information  
    109 

PART III 
        
    Item 10. 
     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  
    110 
        
    Item 11. 
     Executive Compensation  
    110 
        
    Item 12. 
     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
    111 
        
    Item 13. 
     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
    111 
        
    Item 14. 
     Principal Accountant Fees and Services  
    111 

PART IV 
        
    Item 15. 
     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  
    112 

SIGNATURES 
    116 

Index  

PART I 
    
  Item 1.      BUSINESS 
    
  The Company 
    
  HEICO Corporation through its subsidiaries (collectively,  HEICO,   we,   us,   our  or the  Company ) believes it is the world s largest manufacturer of Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA )-approved jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, other than the original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ) and their subcontractors.  HEICO also believes it is a leading manufacturer of various types of electronic equipment for the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries. 
    
  The Company was originally organized in 1957 as a holding company known as HEICO Corporation.  As part of a reorganization completed in 1993, the original holding company (formerly known as HEICO Corporation) was renamed as HEICO Aerospace Corporation and a new holding corporation known as HEICO Corporation was created.  The reorganization did not result in any change in the business of the Company, its consolidated assets or liabilities or the relative interests of its shareholders. 
    
  Our business is comprised of two operating segments: 
    
    The Flight Support Group  .  Our Flight Support Group ( FSG ), consisting of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and HEICO Flight Support Corp. and their collective subsidiaries, accounted for 64%, 68% and 67% of our net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The Flight Support Group uses proprietary technology to design and manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts for sale at lower prices than those manufactured by OEMs.  These parts are approved by the FAA and are the functional equivalent of parts sold by OEMs.  In addition, the Flight Support Group repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components, avionics and instruments for domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair companies as well as military and business aircraft operators; and manufactures thermal insulation products, complex composite assemblies and other component parts primarily for aerospace, defense, industrial and commercial applications. 
    
  The Electronic Technologies Group  .  Our Electronic Technologies Group ( ETG ), consisting of HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. and its subsidiaries, accounted for 36%, 32% and 33% of our net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Through our Electronic Technologies Group, which derived approximately 65%, 56% and 55% of its net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from the sale of products and services to United States ("U.S.") and foreign military agencies, prime defense contractors and both commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft manufacturers, we design, manufacture and sell various types of electronic, microwave and electro-optical products, including infrared simulation and test equipment, laser rangefinder receivers, electrical power supplies, back-up power supplies, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, electromagnetic interference and radio frequency interference shielding, high power capacitor charging power supplies, amplifiers,  

1 

     Index  

traveling wave tube amplifiers, photodetectors, amplifier modules, microwave power modules, flash lamp drivers, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies, custom power supply designs, cable assemblies, high voltage power supplies, high voltage interconnection devices and wire, high voltage energy generators, high frequency power delivery systems, three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products, harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products, RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers, wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems, communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners, fuel level sensing systems and high-speed interface products that link devices such as telemetry receivers, digital cameras, high resolution scanners, simulation systems and test systems to almost any computer. 
    
  HEICO has continuously operated in the aerospace industry for nearly 60 years.  Since assuming control in 1990, our current management has achieved significant sales and profit growth through a broadened line of product offerings, an expanded customer base, increased research and development expenditures and the completion of a number of acquisitions.  As a result of internal growth and acquisitions, our net sales from continuing operations have grown from $26.2 million in fiscal 1990 to $1,376.3 million in fiscal 2016, a compound annual growth rate of approximately 16%.  During the same period, we improved our net income from $2.0 million to $156.2 million, representing a compound annual growth rate of approximately 18%. 
    
  Disciplined Acquisition Strategy 
    
  Acquisitions have been an important element of our growth strategy over the past twenty-six years, supplementing our organic growth.  Since 1990, we have completed approximately 62 acquisitions complementing the niche segments within which we operate of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries.  We typically target acquisition opportunities that allow us to broaden our product offerings, services and technologies while expanding our customer base and geographic presence.  Even though we have historically pursued an active acquisition policy, our disciplined acquisition strategy involves limiting acquisition candidates to businesses that we believe will continue to grow, offer strong earnings and cash flow potential, and are available at fair prices.  See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding our recent acquisitions.  
    
  Flight Support Group 
    
  The Flight Support Group, headquartered in Hollywood, Florida, serves a broad spectrum of the aviation industry, including (i) commercial airlines and air cargo carriers; (ii) repair and overhaul facilities; (iii) OEMs; and (iv) U.S. and foreign governments. 
    
  The Flight Support Group competes with the leading industry OEMs and, to a lesser extent, with a number of smaller, independent parts distributors.  Historically, the three principal jet engine OEMs, General Electric (including CFM International), Pratt   Whitney and Rolls Royce, have been the sole source of substantially all jet engine replacement parts for their jet  

2 

     Index  

engines.  Other OEMs have been the sole source of replacement parts for their aircraft component parts.  While we believe that we currently supply approximately 2% of the market for jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, we have in recent years been adding new products to our line at a rate of approximately 300 to 500 Parts Manufacturer Approvals ( PMA  or  PMAs ) per year.  We have developed for our customers approximately 10,000 parts for which PMAs have been received from the FAA. 
    
  Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts can be categorized by their ongoing ability to be repaired and returned to service.  The general categories in which we participate are as follows: (i) rotable; (ii) repairable; and (iii) expendable.  A rotable is a part which is removed periodically as dictated by an operator s maintenance procedures or on an as needed basis and is typically repaired or overhauled and re-used an indefinite number of times.  An important subset of rotables is  life limited  parts.  A life limited rotable has a designated number of allowable flight hours and/or cycles (one take-off and landing generally constitutes one cycle) after which it is rendered unusable.  A repairable is similar to a rotable except that it can only be repaired a limited number of times before it must be discarded.  An expendable is generally a part which is used and not thereafter repaired for further use. 
    
  Jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts are classified within the industry as (i) factory-new; (ii) new surplus; (iii) overhauled; (iv) repairable; and (v) as removed.  A factory-new or new surplus part is one that has never been installed or used.  Factory-new parts are purchased from FAA-approved manufacturers (such as HEICO or OEMs) or their authorized distributors.  New surplus parts are purchased from excess stock of airlines, repair facilities or other redistributors.  An overhauled part is one that has been completely repaired and inspected by a licensed repair facility such as ours.  An aircraft spare part is classified as  repairable  if it can be repaired by a licensed repair facility under applicable regulations.  A part may also be classified as  repairable  if it can be removed by the operator from an aircraft or jet engine while operating under an approved maintenance program and is airworthy and meets any manufacturer or time and cycle restrictions applicable to the part.  A  factory-new,   new surplus  or  overhauled  part designation indicates that the part can be immediately utilized on an aircraft.  A part in  as removed  or  repairable  condition requires inspection and possibly functional testing, repair or overhaul by a licensed facility prior to being returned to service in an aircraft. 
    
    Factory-New Jet Engine and Aircraft Component Replacement Parts  .  The Flight Support Group engages in the research and development, design, manufacture and sale of FAA-approved replacement parts that are sold to domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and aircraft repair and overhaul companies.  Our principal competitors are aircraft engine and aircraft component manufacturers.  The Flight Support Group s factory-new replacement parts include various jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts.  A key element of our growth strategy is the continued design and development of an increasing number of PMA replacement parts in order to further penetrate our existing customer base and obtain new customers.  We select the jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts to design and manufacture through a selection process which analyzes industry information to determine which replacement parts are suitable candidates. 

3 

     Index  

Repair and Overhaul Services  .  The Flight Support Group provides repair and overhaul services on selected jet engine and aircraft component parts, as well as on avionics, instruments, composites and flight surfaces of commercial aircraft operated by domestic and foreign commercial airlines.  The Flight Support Group also provides repair and overhaul services including avionics and navigation systems as well as subcomponents and other instruments utilized on military aircraft operated by the U.S. government and foreign military agencies and for aircraft repair and overhaul companies.  Our repair and overhaul operations require a high level of expertise, advanced technology and sophisticated equipment.  Services include the repair, refurbishment and overhaul of numerous accessories and parts mounted on gas turbine engines and airframes.  Components overhauled include fuel pumps, generators, fuel controls, pneumatic valves, starters and actuators, turbo compressors and constant speed drives, hydraulic pumps, valves and actuators, wheels and brakes, composite flight controls, electro-mechanical equipment, auxiliary power unit accessories and thrust reverse actuation systems.  Some of the repair and overhaul services provided by the Flight Support Group are proprietary repairs approved by an FAA-qualified designated engineering representative ( DER ).  Such FAA-approved repairs (DER-approved repairs) typically create cost savings or provide engineering flexibility.  The Flight Support Group also provides commercial airlines, regional operators, asset management companies and Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul ( MRO ) providers with high quality and cost effective niche accessory component exchange services as an alternative to OEMs  spares services. 
    
    Distribution  .  The Flight Support Group distributes FAA-approved parts including hydraulic, pneumatic, structural, mechanical and electro-mechanical components for the commercial, regional and general aviation markets.  The Flight Support Group also is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S.  Further, we believe the Flight Support Group is a leading provider of products and services necessary to maintain up-to-date F-16 fighter aircraft operational capabilities.  
    
    Manufacture of Specialty Aircraft/Defense Related Parts and Subcontracting for OEMs  .  The Flight Support Group engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as renewable/reusable insulation systems primarily for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications.  The Flight Support Group also manufactures specialty components for sale as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the U.S. government.  Additionally, the Flight Support Group manufactures advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications and manufactures expanded foil mesh, which is integrated into composite aerospace structures for lighting strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft. 
    
  FAA Approvals and Product Design  .  Non-OEM manufacturers of jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts must receive a PMA from the FAA to sell the replacement part.  The PMA approval process includes the submission of sample parts, drawings and testing data to one of the FAA s Aircraft Certification Offices where the submitted data are analyzed.  We believe that an applicant s ability to successfully complete the PMA process is limited by several factors, including (i) the agency s confidence level in the applicant; (ii) the  

4 

     Index  

complexity of the part; (iii) the volume of PMAs being filed; and (iv) the resources available to the FAA.  We also believe that companies such as HEICO that have demonstrated their advanced design engineering and manufacturing capabilities, including an established favorable track record with the FAA, generally receive a faster turnaround time in the processing of PMA applications.  Finally, we believe that the PMA process creates a significant barrier to entry in this market niche through both its technical demands and its limits on the rate at which competitors can bring products to market. 
    
  As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to increase our research and development activities.  Research and development expenditures by the Flight Support Group, which were approximately $.3 million in fiscal 1991, increased to approximately $17.4 million in fiscal 2016, $17.7 million in fiscal 2015 and $16.1 million in fiscal 2014.  We believe that our Flight Support Group s research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy.  In recent years, the FAA granted us PMAs for approximately 300 to 500 new parts and approximately 300 to 400 new DER-approved repairs per year; however, no assurance can be given that the FAA will continue to grant PMAs or DER-approved repairs or that we will achieve acceptable levels of net sales and gross profits on such parts or repairs in the future. 
    
  We benefit from our proprietary rights relating to certain design, engineering and manufacturing processes and repair and overhaul procedures.  Customers often rely on us to provide initial and additional components, as well as to redesign, re-engineer, replace or repair and provide overhaul services on such aircraft components at every stage of their useful lives.  In addition, for some products, our unique manufacturing capabilities are required by the customer s specifications or designs, thereby necessitating reliance on us for production of such designed products. 
    
  We have no material patents for the proprietary techniques, including software and manufacturing expertise, we have developed to manufacture jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and instead, we primarily rely on trade secret protection.  Although our proprietary techniques and software and manufacturing expertise are subject to misappropriation or obsolescence, we believe that we take appropriate measures to prevent misappropriation or obsolescence from occurring by developing new techniques and improving existing methods and processes, which we will continue on an ongoing basis as dictated by the technological needs of our business. 
    
  We believe that, based on our competitive pricing, reputation for high quality, short lead time requirements, strong relationships with domestic and foreign commercial air carriers and repair stations (companies that overhaul aircraft engines and/or components), and successful track record of receiving PMAs and DER-approved repairs from the FAA, we are uniquely positioned to continue to increase the products and services offered and gain market share. 

5 

     Index  

Electronic Technologies Group 
    
  Our Electronic Technologies Group s strategy is to design and produce mission-critical subcomponents for smaller, niche markets, but which are utilized in larger systems   systems like power, targeting, tracking, identification, simulation, testing, communications, lighting, surgical, medical imaging, baggage scanning, telecom and computer systems.  These systems are, in turn, often located on another platform, such as aircraft, rotorcraft, satellites, ships, spacecrafts, land vehicles, handheld devices and other platforms. 
    
    Electro-Optical Infrared Simulation and Test Equipment  .  The Electronic Technologies Group believes it is a leading international designer and manufacturer of niche state-of-the-art simulation, testing and calibration equipment used in the development of missile seeking technology, airborne targeting and reconnaissance systems, shipboard targeting and reconnaissance systems, space-based sensors as well as ground vehicle-based systems.  These products include infrared scene projector equipment, such as our MIRAGE IR Scene Simulator, high precision blackbody sources, software and integrated calibration systems. 
    
  Simulation equipment allows the U.S. government and allied foreign military to save money on missile testing as it allows infrared-based missiles to be tested on a multi-axis, rotating table instead of requiring the launch of a complete missile.  In addition, several large military prime contractors have elected to purchase such equipment from us instead of maintaining internal staff to do so because we can offer a more cost-effective solution.  Our customers include major U.S. Department of Defense weapons laboratories and defense prime contractors. 
    
    Electro-Optical Laser Products  .  The Electronic Technologies Group believes it is a leading designer and maker of Laser Rangefinder Receivers and other photodetectors used in airborne, vehicular and handheld targeting systems manufactured by major prime military contractors.  Most of our Rangefinder Receiver product offering consists of complex and patented products which detect reflected light from laser targeting systems and allow the systems to confirm target accuracy and calculate target distances prior to discharging a weapon system.  Some of these products are also used in laser eye surgery systems for tracking ocular movement. 
    
    Electro-Optical, Microwave and Other Power Equipment  .  The Electronic Technologies Group produces power supplies, amplifiers and flash lamp drivers used in laser systems for military, medical and other applications that are sometimes utilized with our rangefinder receivers.  We also produce emergency back-up power supplies and batteries used on commercial aircraft and business jets for services such as emergency exit lighting, emergency fuel shut-off, power door assists, cockpit voice recorders and flight computers.  We also design and manufacture next generation wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems and fuel level sensing systems for business jets and for general aviation, as well as for the military/defense market.  We offer custom or standard designs that solve challenging OEM requirements and meet stringent safety and emissions requirements.  Our power electronics products include capacitor charger power supplies, laser diode drivers, arc lamp power supplies and custom power supply designs. 

6 

     Index  

Our microwave products are used in both commercial and military satellites, spacecrafts and in electronic warfare systems.  These products, which include isolators, bias tees, circulators, latching ferrite switches and waveguide adapters are used in satellites and spacecrafts to control or direct energy according to operator needs.  As satellites are frequently used as sensors for stand-off warfare, we believe this product line further supports our goal of increasing our activity in the stand-off market.  Additionally, our microwave products include converters, receivers, transmitters, amplifiers, frequency sources and related sub-systems that address the majority of major satellite frequencies.  We believe we are a leading supplier of the niche products which we design and manufacture for this market, a market that includes commercial satellites.  Our customers for these products include satellite and spacecraft manufacturers.   
    
  Electromagnetic and Radio Interference Shielding  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures shielding used to prevent electromagnetic energy and radio frequencies from interfering with other devices, such as computers, telecommunication devices, avionics, weapons systems and other electronic equipment.  Our products include a patented line of shielding applied directly to circuit boards and a line of gasket-type shielding applied to computers and other electronic equipment.  Our customers consist essentially of medical, electronics, telecommunications and defense equipment producers. 
    
    High-Speed Interface Products  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures advanced high-technology, high-speed interface products utilized in homeland security, defense, medical research, astronomical and other applications across numerous industries. 
    
  High Voltage Interconnection Devices  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures high and very high voltage interconnection devices, cable assemblies and wire for the medical equipment, defense and other industrial markets.  Among others, our products are utilized in aircraft missile defense, fighter pilot helmet displays, avionic systems, medical applications, wireless communications, and industrial applications including high voltage test equipment and underwater monitoring systems. 
    
    High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures a patented line of high voltage energy generators for medical, baggage inspection and industrial imaging systems.  We also produce high voltage power supplies found in satellite communications, CT scanners and in medical and industrial x-ray systems. 
    
  Power Conversion Products  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and provides innovative power conversion products principally serving the high-reliability military, space and commercial avionics end-markets. These high density, low profile and lightweight DC-to-DC converters and electromagnetic interference filters, which include thick film hermetically sealed hybrids, military commercial-off-the-shelf and custom designed and assembled products, have become the primary specified components of their kind on a generation of complex military, space and avionics equipment. 

7 

     Index  

Underwater Locator Beacons  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures Underwater Locator Beacons ( ULBs ) used to locate aircraft Cockpit Voice Recorders and Flight Data Recorders, marine ship Voyage Recorders and various other devices which have been submerged under water.  ULBs are required equipment on all U.S. FAA and European Aviation Safety Agency ( EASA ) approved Flight Data and Cockpit Voice Recorders used in aircraft and on similar systems utilized on large marine shipping vessels. 
    
    Traveling Wave Tube Amplifiers ( TWTAs ) and Microwave Power Modules ( MPMs )  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures TWTAs and MPMs predominately used in radar, electronic warfare, on-board jamming and countermeasure systems in aircraft, ships and detection platforms deployed by U.S. and allied non-U.S. military forces. 
    
    Three-Dimensional Microelectronic and Stacked Memory Products  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs, manufactures and markets three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products including memories, Point of Load ( POL ) voltage converters and peripherals, industrial memories, and complex System-in-Package ( SiP ) solutions.  The products  patented designs provide high reliability memory and circuitry in a unique and stacked form which saves space and weight.  These products are principally integrated into larger subsystems equipping satellites and spacecraft and are also utilized in medical equipment. 
    
  Harsh environment connectivity products and custom molded cable assemblies  .  The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures high performance, high reliability and harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products.  These products include connectors, jacks and plugs, cables, patch panels and switches utilized in aviation, broadcast/audio, defense, industrial, medical and other equipment. 
    
  RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers.    The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers to support military communications on unmanned aerial systems, other aircraft, helicopters and ground-based data/communications systems.   
    
  High performance communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners.    The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures innovative, high performance receiver and radio frequency digitizer products for military and intelligence applications. 
    
  Crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems.    The Electronic Technologies Group designs and manufactures mission-extending, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft. 
    
    As part of our growth strategy, we have continued to invest in our research and development activities.  Research and development expenditures by the Electronic Technologies Group were $27.3 million in fiscal 2016, $21.0 million in fiscal 2015 and $21.3 million in fiscal 2014.  We believe that our Electronic Technologies Group s research and development capabilities are a significant component of our historical success and an integral part of our growth strategy. 

8 

     Index  

Financial Information About Operating Segments and Geographic Areas 
    
  See Note 14, Operating Segments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for financial information by operating segment and by geographic areas. 
    
  Distribution, Sales, Marketing and Customers 
    
  Each of our operating segments independently conducts distribution, sales and marketing efforts directed at their respective customers and industries and, in some cases, collaborates with other operating divisions and subsidiaries within its group for cross-marketing efforts.  Sales and marketing efforts are conducted primarily by in-house personnel and, to a lesser extent, by independent manufacturers  representatives.  Generally, the in-house sales personnel receive a base salary plus commission and manufacturers  representatives receive a commission on sales. 
    
  We believe that direct relationships are crucial to establishing and maintaining a strong customer base and, accordingly, our senior management is actively involved in our marketing activities, particularly with established customers.  We are also a member of various trade and business organizations related to the commercial aviation industry, such as the Aerospace Industries Association, which we refer to as AIA, the leading trade association representing the nation s manufacturers of commercial, military and business aircraft, aircraft engines and related components and equipment.  Due in large part to our established industry presence, we enjoy strong customer relations, name recognition and repeat business. 
    
  We sell our products to a broad customer base consisting of domestic and foreign commercial and cargo airlines, repair and overhaul facilities, other aftermarket suppliers of aircraft engine and airframe materials, OEMs, domestic and foreign military units, electronic manufacturing services companies, manufacturers for the defense industry as well as medical, telecommunications, scientific, and industrial companies.  No one customer accounted for sales of 10% or more of total consolidated sales from continuing operations during any of the last three fiscal years.  Net sales to our five largest customers accounted for approximately 21%, 17% and 17% of total net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
  Competition 
  The aerospace product and service industry is characterized by intense competition.  Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition, inventories, complementary product and service offerings, financial, marketing and other resources than we do.  As a result, such competitors may be able to respond more quickly to customer requirements than we can.  Moreover, smaller competitors may be in a position to offer more attractive pricing as a result of lower labor costs and other factors. 
    
  Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts business competes primarily with aircraft engine and aircraft component manufacturers.  The competition is principally based on price and service to the extent that our parts are interchangeable.  With respect to other aerospace products and services sold by the Flight Support Group, we compete with both the leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs and a large number of machining, fabrication,  

9 

     Index  

distribution and repair companies, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do.  Competition is based mainly on price, product performance, service and technical capability. 
    
  Competition for the repair and overhaul of jet engine and aircraft components comes from three principal sources: OEMs, major commercial airlines and other independent service companies.  Some of these competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do.  Some major commercial airlines own and operate their own service centers and sell repair and overhaul services to other aircraft operators.  Foreign airlines that provide repair and overhaul services typically provide these services for their own aircraft components and for third parties.  OEMs also maintain service centers that provide repair and overhaul services for the components they manufacture.  Other independent service organizations also compete for the repair and overhaul business of other users of aircraft components.  We believe that the principal competitive factors in the repair and overhaul market are quality, turnaround time, overall customer service and price. 
    
  Our Electronic Technologies Group competes with several large and small domestic and foreign competitors, some of which have greater financial and other resources than we do.  The markets for our electronic products are niche markets with several competitors where competition is based mainly on design, technology, quality, price, service and customer satisfaction. 
    
  Raw Materials 
    
  We purchase a variety of raw materials, primarily consisting of high temperature alloy sheet metal and castings, forgings, pre-plated metals and electrical components from various vendors.  The materials used by our operations are generally available from a number of sources and in sufficient quantities to meet current requirements subject to normal lead times.  We are subject to rules promulgated by the Securities Exchange Commission pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act regarding the use of certain materials (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries.  These rules may impose additional costs and may introduce new risks related to our ability to verify the origin of any conflict minerals used in our products.   
    
  Backlog 
    
  Our total backlog of unshipped orders was $497 million as of October 31, 2016 as compared to $349 million as of October 31, 2015.  The majority of our backlog of orders as of October 31, 2016 is expected to be delivered during fiscal 2017.  The Flight Support Group s backlog of unshipped orders was $212 million as of October 31, 2016 as compared to $186 million as of October 31, 2015.  This backlog excludes forecasted shipments for certain contracts of the Flight Support Group pursuant to which customers provide only estimated annual usage and not firm purchase orders.  Our backlogs within the Flight Support Group are typically short-lead in nature with many product orders being received within the month of shipment.  The  

10 

     Index  

increase in the Flight Support Group's backlog is principally related to a multi-year contract at one of our businesses that is a distributor of aerospace parts to the commercial aerospace, OEM and MRO market.  The Electronic Technologies Group s backlog of unshipped orders was $285 million as of October 31, 2016 as compared to $163 million as of October 31, 2015.  The increase in the Electronic Technologies Group's backlog is principally related to the backlog of a business acquired during fiscal 2016.  Additionally, the Electronic Technologies Group's increase also reflects increased orders at one of our businesses that designs and manufacturers high performance, high reliability microwave modules, units, and integrated sub-systems for commercial and military satellites and at a subsidiary that designs and manufactures three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products.  
    
  Government Regulation 
    
  The FAA regulates the manufacture, repair and operation of all aircraft and aircraft parts operated in the United States.  Its regulations are designed to ensure that all aircraft and aviation equipment are continuously maintained in proper condition to ensure safe operation of the aircraft.  Similar rules apply in other countries.  All aircraft must be maintained under a continuous condition monitoring program and must periodically undergo thorough inspection and maintenance.  The inspection, maintenance and repair procedures for the various types of aircraft and equipment are prescribed by regulatory authorities and can be performed only by certified repair facilities utilizing certified technicians.  Certification and conformance is required prior to installation of a part on an aircraft.  Aircraft operators must maintain logs concerning the utilization and condition of aircraft engines, life-limited engine parts and airframes.  In addition, the FAA requires that various maintenance routines be performed on aircraft engines, some engine parts, and airframes at regular intervals based on cycles or flight time.  Engine maintenance must also be performed upon the occurrence of certain events, such as foreign object damage in an aircraft engine or the replacement of life-limited engine parts.  Such maintenance usually requires that an aircraft engine be taken out of service.  Our operations may in the future be subject to new and more stringent regulatory requirements.  In that regard, we closely monitor the FAA and industry trade groups in an attempt to understand how possible future regulations might impact us.  Our businesses which sell defense products directly to the U.S. Government or for use in systems delivered to the U.S. Government can be subject to various laws and regulations governing pricing and other factors. 
    
  There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements as a result of these government regulations. 
    
  Environmental Regulation 
    
  Our operations are subject to extensive, and frequently changing, federal, state and local environmental laws and substantial related regulation by government agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency.  Among other matters, these regulatory authorities impose requirements that regulate the operation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials; protect the health and safety of workers; and require us to obtain and maintain licenses and permits in connection with our operations.  This extensive regulatory framework imposes  

11 

     Index  

significant compliance burdens and risks on us.  Notwithstanding these burdens, we believe that we are in material compliance with all federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing our operations. 
    
  There has been no material adverse effect to our consolidated financial statements as a result of these environmental regulations. 
    
  Other Regulation 
    
  We are also subject to a variety of other regulations including work-related and community safety laws.  The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 mandates general requirements for safe workplaces for all employees and established the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) in the Department of Labor.  In particular, OSHA provides special procedures and measures for the handling of certain hazardous and toxic substances.  In addition, specific safety standards have been promulgated for workplaces engaged in the treatment, disposal or storage of hazardous waste.  Requirements under state law, in some circumstances, may mandate additional measures for facilities handling materials specified as extremely dangerous.  We believe that our operations are in material compliance with OSHA s health and safety requirements. 
    
  Insurance 
    
  We are a named insured under policies which include the following coverage: (i) product liability, including grounding; (ii) personal property, inventory and business interruption at our facilities; (iii) general liability coverage; (iv) employee benefit liability; (v) international liability and automobile liability; (vi) umbrella liability coverage; and (vii) various other activities or items, each subject to certain limits and deductibles.  We believe that our insurance coverage is adequate to insure against the various liability risks of our business. 
    
  Employees 
    
  As of October 31, 2016, we had approximately 4,700 full-time and part-time employees including approximately 2,900 in the Flight Support Group and approximately 1,800 in the Electronic Technologies Group.  None of our employees are represented by a U.S. domestic union.  Our management believes that we have good relations with our employees. 
    
  Available Information 
    
  Our Internet website address is http://www.heico.com.  We make available free of charge, through the Investors section of our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, specialized disclosure reports on Form SD and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ).  These materials are also available free of charge on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov.  The  

12 

     Index  

information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this annual report on Form 10-K. 
    
  We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other persons performing similar functions.  Our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers and Other Officers is part of our Code of Business Conduct, which is located on our website at http://www.heico.com.  Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of this code of ethics will be posted on the website.  Also located on the website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Finance/Audit Committee Charter, Nominating   Corporate Governance Committee Charter, and Compensation Committee Charter. 
    
  Copies of the above referenced materials will be made available, free of charge, upon written request to the Corporate Secretary at the Company s headquarters. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
    
  Our executive officers are elected by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board.  The following table sets forth the names, ages of, and positions and offices held by our executive officers as of December 13, 2016: 
                           Name 
      
    Age 
      
    Position(s) 
      
    Director 
  Since 
      Laurans A. Mendelson 
      
    78 
      
    Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer; and Director 
      
    1989 
      Eric A. Mendelson 
      
    51 
      
    Co-President and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group 
      
    1992 
      Victor H. Mendelson 
      
    49 
      
    Co-President and Director; President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group 
      
    1996 
      Thomas S. Irwin 
      
    70 
      
    Senior Executive Vice President 

Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 
      
    49 
      
    Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Steven M. Walker  
      
    52 
      
    Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer 

Laurans A. Mendelson   has served as our Chairman of the Board since December 1990.  He has also served as our Chief Executive Officer since February 1990 and served as our President from September 1991 through September 2009.  Mr. Mendelson has served on the Board of Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association ( AIA ) in Washington D.C., of which HEICO is a member.  He is the former Chairman of the Board of Trustees, former Chairman of the Executive Committee and a current member of the Society of Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida.  In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a Trustee Emeritus of Columbia University in The City of New York, where he previously served as Trustee and Chairman of the Trustees  Audit Committee.  Laurans Mendelson is the father of Eric Mendelson and Victor Mendelson. 

13 

     Index  

Eric A. Mendelson   has served as our Co-President since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009.  Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Flight Support Group since its formation in 1993, as well as President of various Flight Support Group subsidiaries.  Mr. Mendelson is a co-founder, and, since 1987, has been Managing Director of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO.  In addition, Mr. Mendelson is a member of the Advisory Board of Trustees of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida and is a Trustee and Immediate Past Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Ransom Everglades School in Coconut Grove, Florida, as well as a member of the Board of Visitors of the Columbia College in New York City.  Eric Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Victor Mendelson. 
    
  Victor H. Mendelson   has served as our Co-President since October 2009 and served as our Executive Vice President from 2001 through September 2009.  Mr. Mendelson has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the HEICO Electronic Technologies Group since its formation in September 1996.  He served as our General Counsel from 1993 to 2008 and our Vice President from 1996 to 2001.  In addition, Mr. Mendelson was the Chief Operating Officer of our former MediTek Health Corporation subsidiary from 1995 until its profitable sale in 1996.  Mr. Mendelson is a co-founder, and, since 1987, has been President of Mendelson International Corporation, a private investment company, which is a shareholder of HEICO.  Mr. Mendelson has served as a Director and Audit Committee member of NASDAQ-listed Terrapin 3 Acquisition Corp. since July 2014.  Mr. Mendelson is Chairman of the Board of Visitors of Columbia College in New York City, a Trustee of St. Thomas University in Miami Gardens, Florida, a Director of Boys   Girls Clubs of Miami-Dade and is a Director and Past President of the Board of Directors of the Florida Grand Opera.  Victor Mendelson is the son of Laurans Mendelson and the brother of Eric Mendelson. 
    
    Thomas S. Irwin   has served as our Senior Executive Vice President since June 2012; our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer from September 1991 through May 2012; Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 1986 to 1991; and our Vice President and Treasurer from 1982 to 1986.  Mr. Irwin is a Certified Public Accountant.  He is a Trustee of the Greater Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and a member of Financial Executives International. 
    
  Carlos L. Macau, Jr.   has served as our Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since June 2012.  Mr. Macau joined HEICO from the international public accounting firm of Deloitte   Touche LLP where he worked from 2000 to 2012 as an Audit Partner.  Prior to joining HEICO, Mr. Macau accumulated 22 years of financial and accounting experience serving a number of public and private manufacturing and service clients in a broad range of industries.  His client responsibilities included serving as HEICO's lead client services partner for five years (2006 to 2010).  Mr. Macau is a current member of the Mount Sinai Founders of Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, Florida.  Mr. Macau is a Certified Public Accountant, a Chartered Global Management Accountant, and a member of the American and Florida Institutes of Certified Public Accountants. 

14 

     Index  

Steven M. Walker   has served as our Chief Accounting Officer since June 2012 and served as our Corporate Controller from 2002 through May 2012.  He has also served as our Assistant Treasurer since 2002.  Mr. Walker is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Item 1A.      RISK FACTORS 
    
  Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be impacted by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one of which may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results: 
    
  Our success is highly dependent on the performance of the aviation industry, which could be impacted by lower demand for commercial air travel or airline fleet changes causing lower demand for our goods and services. 
    
       General global industry and economic conditions that affect the aviation industry also affect our business.  We are subject to macroeconomic cycles and when recessions occur, we may experience reduced orders, payment delays, supply chain disruptions or other factors as a result of the economic challenges faced by our customers, prospective customers and suppliers.  Further, the aviation industry has historically been subject to downward cycles from time to time which reduce the overall demand for jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services, and such downward cycles result in lower sales and greater credit risk.  Demand for commercial air travel can be influenced by airline industry profitability, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, terrorism, disease outbreaks, environmental constraints imposed upon aircraft operations, technological changes, price and other competitive factors.  These global industry and economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We are subject to governmental regulation and our failure to comply with these regulations could cause the government to withdraw or revoke our authorizations and approvals to do business and could subject us to penalties and sanctions that could harm our business. 
    
  Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the FAA, highly regulate the manufacture, repair and overhaul of aircraft parts and accessories.  We include, with the replacement parts that we sell to our customers, documentation certifying that each part complies with applicable regulatory requirements and meets applicable standards of airworthiness established by the FAA or the equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries.  In addition, our repair and overhaul operations are subject to certification pursuant to regulations established by the FAA.  Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries.  The revocation or suspension of any of our material authorizations or approvals would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  New and more stringent government regulations, if adopted and enacted, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial  

15 

     Index  

condition and results of operations.  In addition, some sales to foreign countries of the equipment manufactured by our Electronic Technologies Group require approval or licensing from the United States ("U.S.") government.  Denial of export licenses could reduce our sales to those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
    
  Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission promulgated disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals (tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten), known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or one of its adjoining countries.  There are costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities.  Given the complexity of our supply chain, we may not be able to ascertain the origin of these minerals used in our products in a timely manner, which could cause some of our customers to disqualify us as a supplier to the extent we are unable to certify our products are conflict mineral free.  Additionally, the rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of such minerals used in our manufacturing processes for certain products.  
    
  The retirement of commercial aircraft could reduce our revenues. 
    
  Our Flight Support Group designs and manufactures jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and also repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft components.  If aircraft or engines for which we offer replacement parts or supply repair and overhaul services are retired and there are fewer aircraft that require these parts or services, our revenues may decline. 
    
  Reductions in defense, space or homeland security spending by U.S. and/or foreign customers could reduce our revenues. 
    
  In fiscal 2016, approximately 65% of the net sales of our Electronic Technologies Group were derived from the sale of defense, commercial and defense satellite and spacecraft components and homeland security products.  A decline in defense, space or homeland security budgets or additional restrictions imposed by the U.S. government on sales of products or services to foreign military agencies could lower sales of our products and services. 
    
  We are subject to the risks associated with sales to foreign customers, which could harm our business. 
    
  We market our products and services to approximately 100 countries, with approximately 34% of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2016 derived from sales to foreign customers.  We expect that sales to foreign customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues in the foreseeable future.  As a result, we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including the following: 

Fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

16 

     Index  

Volatility in foreign political, regulatory, and economic environments; 
                
    Ability to obtain required export licenses or approvals; 
                
    Uncertainty of the ability of foreign customers to finance purchases; 
                
    Uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees; 
                
    Imposition of taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes and other trade restrictions; and 
                
    Compliance with a variety of international laws, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
       
  While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Intense competition from existing and new competitors may harm our business. 
    
  We face significant competition in each of our businesses. 
    
  Flight Support Group 

For jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts, we compete with the industry s leading jet engine and aircraft component OEMs.   

For the distribution, overhaul and repair of jet engine and aircraft components as well as avionics and navigation systems, we compete with: 
              - 
    major commercial airlines, many of which operate their own maintenance and  
     overhaul units; 
           -  
    OEMs, which manufacture, distribute, repair and overhaul their own and other OEM parts; and  
              -  
    other independent service companies. 
       
  Electronic Technologies Group 

For the design and manufacture of various types of electronic and electro-optical equipment as well as high voltage interconnection devices and high speed interface products, we compete in a fragmented marketplace with a number of companies, some of which are well capitalized. 
       
  The aviation aftermarket supply industry is highly fragmented, has several highly visible leading companies, and is characterized by intense competition.  Some of our OEM competitors have greater name recognition than HEICO, as well as complementary lines of business and financial, marketing and other resources that HEICO does not have.  In addition, OEMs, aircraft maintenance providers, leasing companies and FAA-certificated repair facilities may attempt to bundle their services and product offerings in the supply industry, thereby significantly increasing industry competition.  Moreover, our smaller competitors may be able to offer more attractive pricing of parts as a result of lower labor costs or other factors.  A variety of potential actions by any of our competitors, including a reduction of product prices or the establishment by  

17 

     Index  

competitors of long-term relationships with new or existing customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Competition typically intensifies during cyclical downturns in the aviation industry, when supply may exceed demand.  We may not be able to continue to compete effectively against present or future competitors, and competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our success is dependent on the development and manufacture of new products, equipment and services.  Our inability to develop, manufacture and introduce new products and services at profitable pricing levels could reduce our sales or sales growth. 
    
  The aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries are constantly undergoing development and change and, accordingly, new products, equipment and methods of repair and overhaul service are likely to be introduced in the future.  In addition to manufacturing electronic and electro-optical equipment and selected aerospace and defense components for OEMs and the U.S. government and repairing jet engine and aircraft components, we re-design sophisticated aircraft replacement parts originally developed by OEMs so that we can offer the replacement parts for sale at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs.  Consequently, we devote substantial resources to research and product development.  Technological development poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: 

We may not be able to successfully protect the proprietary interests we have in various aircraft parts, electronic and electro-optical equipment and our repair processes; 

As OEMs continue to develop and improve jet engines and aircraft components, we may not be able to re-design and manufacture replacement parts that perform as well as those offered by OEMs or we may not be able to profitably sell our replacement parts at lower prices than the OEMs; 

We may need to expend significant capital to: 
              - 
    purchase new equipment and machines, 
              - 
    train employees in new methods of production and service, and 
              - 
    fund the research and development of new products; and 

Development by our competitors of patents or methodologies that preclude us from the design and manufacture of aircraft replacement parts or electrical and electro-optical equipment could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
       
  In addition, we may not be able to successfully develop new products, equipment or methods of repair and overhaul service, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

     Index  

We may not be able to effectively execute our acquisition strategy, which could slow our growth. 
    
  A key element of our strategy is growth through the acquisition of additional companies.  Our acquisition strategy is affected by and poses a number of challenges and risks, including the following: 

Availability of suitable acquisition candidates; 
                
    Availability of capital; 
                
    Diversion of management s attention; 
                
    Effective integration of the operations and personnel of acquired companies; 
                
    Potential write downs of acquired intangible assets; 
                
    Potential loss of key employees of acquired companies; 
                
    Use of a significant portion of our available cash; 
                
    Significant dilution to our shareholders for acquisitions made utilizing our securities; and 
                
    Consummation of acquisitions on satisfactory terms. 
       
  We may not be able to successfully execute our acquisition strategy, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Goodwill and other intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. 
    
  As a result of our acquisitions, goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets.  As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, accounted for approximately 60% of our total assets.  We test our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable.  We may not realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets, and to the extent that impairment has occurred, we would be required to recognize the impaired portion of such assets in our earnings.  An impairment of a significant portion of such assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  The inability to obtain certain components and raw materials from suppliers could harm our business. 
    
  Our business is affected by the availability and price of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our products.  Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers  ability to adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand.  The supply chains for our business could also be disrupted by external events such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, labor disputes, governmental actions and legislative or regulatory changes.  As a result, our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications when required and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise mitigate the consequences of their non-performance.  Transitions to  

19 

     Index  

new suppliers may result in significant costs and delays, including those related to the required recertification of parts obtained from new suppliers with our customers and/or regulatory agencies.  Our inability to fill our supply needs could jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under customer contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships.  Further, increased costs of such raw materials or components could reduce our profits if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. 
    
  Product specification costs and requirements could cause an increase to our costs to complete contracts. 
    
  The costs to meet customer specifications and requirements could result in us having to spend more to design or manufacture products and this could reduce our profit margins on current contracts or those we obtain in the future. 
    
  We may incur product liability claims that are not fully insured. 
    
  Our jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts and repair and overhaul services expose our business to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured or serviced.  While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, an uninsured or partially insured claim, or a claim for which third-party indemnification is not available, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Additionally, our customers typically require us to maintain substantial insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates and our inability to obtain insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could have a material adverse effect on our business.   
    
  We may incur environmental liabilities and these liabilities may not be covered by insurance. 
    
  Our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, which govern, among other things, the discharge of hazardous materials into the air and water as well as the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials.  Pursuant to various environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous materials.  Environmental laws typically impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous materials.  Although management believes that our operations and facilities are in material compliance with environmental laws and regulations, future changes in them or interpretations thereof or the nature of our operations may require us to make significant additional capital expenditures to ensure compliance in the future. 
    
  We carry limited specific environmental insurance, thus, losses could occur for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage.  The occurrence of an event that is not covered in full or in part by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

     Index  

We may incur damages or disruption to our business caused by natural disasters and other factors that may not be covered by insurance. 
    
  Several of our facilities, as a result of their locations, could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods, fire, power loss, telecommunication and information systems failure, political unrest or similar events.  Our corporate headquarters and facilities located in Florida are particularly susceptible to hurricanes, storms, tornadoes or other natural disasters that could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities.  Should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities.  We also collect and store sensitive data, including confidential business information and personal data.  These systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events.  In addition, security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers.  Any such events could disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal claims or proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.   
    
  Tax changes could affect our effective tax rate and future profitability. 
    
  We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, multiple state jurisdictions and certain jurisdictions outside the U.S.  In fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was 31.5%.  Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the following: 

Changes in available tax credits or tax deductions; 
                
    Changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles; 
                
    The amount of income attributable to noncontrolling interests; 
                
    Changes in the mix of earnings in jurisdictions with differing statutory tax rates; 
                
    Adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns;  
                
    Resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities; 
                
    Changes in statutory tax rates in any of the various jurisdictions where we file tax returns; and 
                
    The reversal of any previously experienced tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan, a nonqualified deferred compensation plan.     

21 

     Index  

Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could have a material adverse effect on net income for future periods. 
    
  We may not have the administrative, operational or financial resources to continue to grow the company. 
    
  We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and intend to continue to pursue an aggressive growth strategy, both through acquisitions and internal expansion of products and services.  Our growth to date has placed, and could continue to place, significant demands on our administrative, operational and financial resources.  We may not be able to grow effectively or manage our growth successfully, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our success. 
    
  Our success substantially depends on the performance, contributions and expertise of our senior management team led by Laurans A. Mendelson, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Eric A. Mendelson and Victor H. Mendelson, our Co-Presidents.  Technical employees are also critical to our research and product development, as well as our ability to continue to re-design sophisticated products of OEMs in order to sell competing replacement parts at substantially lower prices than those manufactured by the OEMs.  The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or other key employees or our inability to continue to attract or retain the necessary personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
    
  Our executive officers and directors have significant influence over our management and direction. 
    
  As of December 13, 2016, collectively our executive officers and entities controlled by them, the HEICO Savings and Investment Plan (our 401(k) Plan) and members of the Board of Directors beneficially owned approximately 22% of our outstanding Common Stock and approximately 6% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock.  Accordingly, they will be able to substantially influence the election of the Board of Directors and control our business, policies and affairs, including our position with respect to proposed business combinations and attempted takeovers. 

Item 1B.      UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
    
  None. 

22 

Index  

Item 2.      PROPERTIES 
    
  We own or lease a number of facilities, which are utilized by our Flight Support Group ( FSG ), Electronic Technologies Group ( ETG ) and corporate offices.  As of October 31, 2016, all of the facilities listed below were in good operating condition, well maintained and in regular use.  We believe that our existing facilities are sufficient to meet our operational needs for the foreseeable future.  Summary information on the facilities utilized within the FSG, ETG and our corporate offices to support their principal operating activities is as follows: 
    
  Flight Support Group 

Electronic Technologies Group 

Corporate 

Square Footage 

Location 
      
    Leased 
      
    Owned    (1)  
      
    Description 
      United States facilities (1 state) 

7,000 

Administrative offices 

(1) 
    Represents the square footage of our corporate offices in Miami, Florida.  The square footage of our corporate headquarters in Hollywood, Florida is included within the square footage under the caption  United States facilities (13 states)  under Flight Support Group. 

Item 3.      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
    
  We are involved in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business.  Based upon the Company s and our legal counsel s evaluations of any claims or assessments, management is of the opinion that the outcome of these matters will not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

23 

Index  

Item 4.      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
    
  Not applicable. 

PART II 
    
           Item 5. 
    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
       
  Market Information 
    
  Our Class A Common Stock and Common Stock are listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbols  HEI.A  and  HEI,  respectively.  The following tables set forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low share prices for our Class A Common Stock and our Common Stock as reported on the NYSE, as well as the amount of cash dividends paid per share during such periods. 

As of December 13, 2016, there were 359 holders of record of our Class A Common Stock and 353 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

24 

     Index  

Performance Graphs 
    
  The following graph and table compare the total return on $100 invested in HEICO Common Stock and HEICO Class A Common Stock with the total return on $100 invested in the NYSE Composite Index and the Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index for the five-year period from October 31, 2011 through October 31, 2016.  The NYSE Composite Index measures the performance of all common stocks listed on the NYSE.  The Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace Index is comprised of large companies which make aircraft, major weapons, radar and other defense equipment and systems as well as providers of satellites and spacecrafts used for defense purposes.  The total returns include the reinvestment of cash dividends. 

The following graph and table compare the total return on $100 invested in HEICO Common Stock since October 31, 1990 using the same indices shown on the five-year performance graph above.  October 31, 1990 was the end of the first fiscal year following the  

25 

     Index  

date the current executive management team assumed leadership of the Company.  No Class A Common Stock was outstanding as of October 31, 1990.  As with the five-year performance graph, the total returns include the reinvestment of cash dividends. 

26 

     Index  

Dividend Policy 
    
  We have historically paid semi-annual cash dividends on both our Class A Common Stock and Common Stock.  In January and July 2016, we paid our 75   th    and 76   th    consecutive semi-annual cash dividend since 1979.  The semi-annual cash dividend paid in fiscal 2016 of $.08 per share represents a 14% increase over the prior semi-annual cash dividend amount of $.07 per share paid in fiscal 2015.  In December 2016, our Board of Directors declared a regular semi-annual cash dividend of $.09 per share payable in January 2017.  This cash dividend represents a 13% increase over the prior semi-annual per share amount of $.08.  Our Board of Directors will continue to review our dividend policy and will regularly evaluate whether dividends should be paid in cash or stock, as well as what amounts should be paid.  Our ability to pay dividends could be affected by future business performance, liquidity, capital needs, alternative investment opportunities and loan covenants under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
    
  There were no purchases of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  
    
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
    
  There were no unregistered sales of our equity securities during fiscal 2016. 

27 

Index  

Item 6.      SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

__________________ 
    
           (1) 
    Results include the results of acquisitions from each respective effective date.  See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
       
           (2) 
    All share and per share information has been adjusted retrospectively to reflect the 5-for-4 stock splits effected in October 2013 and April 2012. 
       
           (3) 
    Includes $3.1 million of acquisition costs incurred in connection with a fiscal 2016 acquisition.  These expenses, net of tax, decreased net income attributable to HEICO by $2.0 million, or $.03 per basic and diluted share.  
       
           (4) 
    Includes the aggregate tax benefit from an income tax credit for qualified research and development ( R D ) activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2015 recognized in fiscal 2016 upon the retroactive and permanent extension in December 2015 of the United States ( U.S. ) federal R D tax credit, which, net of expenses, increased net income attributable to HEICO by $1.7 million, or $.03 per basic and $.02 per diluted share. 

28 

     Index  

(5) 
    Includes the aggregate tax benefit from an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2014 recognized in fiscal 2015 upon the retroactive extension in December 2014 of the U.S. federal R D tax credit to cover calendar year 2014, which, net of expenses, increased net income attributable to HEICO by $1.8 million, or $.03 per basic and diluted share. 
       
           (6) 
    Operating income was increased by a $28.1 million reduction in accrued contingent consideration related to a fiscal 2013 and a fiscal 2012 acquisition within the Electronic Technologies Group ("ETG"), partially offset by $15.0 million in impairment losses related to the write-down of certain intangible assets at the fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 acquisitions to their estimated fair values as well as lower than expected operating income at the fiscal 2013 acquired business, which in aggregate increased net income attributable to HEICO by $10.2 million, or $.15 per basic and diluted share.  The reduction in accrued contingent consideration and $13.1 million of the impairment losses were recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses, while the remaining impairment losses of $1.9 million were recorded as a component of cost of sales. 
       
           (7) 
    Includes the aggregate tax benefit from an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2012 recognized in fiscal 2013 upon the retroactive extension in January 2013 of the U.S. federal R D tax credit and higher R D tax credits recognized upon the filing of HEICO's fiscal 2012 U.S. federal and state tax returns, which, net of expenses, increased net income attributable to HEICO by $1.8 million, or $.03 per basic and diluted share. 

29 

Index  

Item 7.   
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  Overview 
    
  Our business is comprised of two operating segments, the Flight Support Group ( FSG ) and the Electronic Technologies Group ( ETG ). 
    
  The Flight Support Group consists of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. ( HEICO Aerospace ), which is 80% owned, and HEICO Flight Support Corp., which is wholly owned, and their collective subsidiaries, which primarily: 

Designs, Manufactures, Repairs, Overhauls and Distributes Jet Engine and Aircraft Component Replacement Parts.    The Flight Support Group designs, manufactures, repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts.  The parts and services are approved by the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ).  The Flight Support Group also manufactures and sells specialty parts as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the United States ("U.S.") government.  Additionally, the Flight Support Group is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. and a leading manufacturer of advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications.  Further, the Flight Support Group engineers, designs and manufactures thermal insulation blankets and parts as well as removable/reusable insulation systems for aerospace, defense, commercial and industrial applications as well as manufactures expanded foil mesh for lighting strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft. 
       
  The Electronic Technologies Group consists of HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. ( HEICO Electronic ) and its subsidiaries, which primarily: 

Designs and Manufactures Electronic, Microwave and Electro-Optical Equipment,     High-Speed Interface Products, High Voltage Interconnection Devices and High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics.    The Electronic Technologies Group designs, manufactures and sells various types of electronic, microwave and electro-optical equipment and components, including power supplies, laser rangefinder receivers, infrared simulation, calibration and testing equipment; power conversion products serving the high-reliability military, space and commercial avionics end-markets; underwater locator beacons used to locate data and voice recorders utilized on aircraft and marine vessels; electromagnetic interference shielding for commercial and military aircraft operators, traveling wave tube amplifiers and microwave power modules used in radar, electronic warfare, on-board jamming and countermeasure systems, electronics companies and telecommunication equipment suppliers; advanced high-technology interface products that link devices such as telemetry receivers, digital cameras, high resolution scanners, simulation systems and test systems to computers; high voltage energy generators, high voltage interconnection devices, cable assemblies and wire for the medical equipment, defense and other industrial  

30 

     Index  

markets; high voltage power supplies found in satellite communications, CT scanners and in medical and industrial x-ray systems; three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products that are principally integrated into larger subsystems equipping satellites and spacecraft; harsh environment connectivity products and custom molded cable assemblies; RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers used to support military communications on unmanned aerial systems, other aircraft, helicopters and ground-based data/communications systems; communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners for military and intelligence applications; wireless cabin control systems, solid state power distribution and management systems and fuel level sensing systems for business jets and for general aviation, as well as for the military/defense market; microwave modules, units and integrated sub-systems for commercial and military satellites; and crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft.  
    
  Our results of operations during each of the past three fiscal years have been affected by a number of transactions.  This discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included herein.  For further information regarding the acquisitions discussed below, see Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Each acquisition was included in our results of operations from the effective acquisition date. 
    
  In January 2016, we acquired, through HEICO Electronic, all of the limited liability company interests of   Robertson Fuel Systems, LLC   ("Robertson").  Robertson designs and produces mission-extending, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft.  
    
  In December 2015, we acquired, through a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic, certain assets of a company that   designs and manufactures underwater locator beacons used to locate aircraft cockpit voice recorders, flight data recorders, marine ship voyage recorders and other devices which have been submerged under water  .  
    
  In August 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., all of the stock of Astroseal Products Mfg. Corporation ( Astroseal ).  Astroseal manufactures expanded foil mesh, which is integrated into composite aerospace structures for lighting strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft. 
    
  In August 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Electronic, 80.1% of the equity of Midwest Microwave Solutions, Inc. ( MMS ).  MMS designs, manufactures and sells unique Size, Weight, Power and Cost (SWAP-C) optimized Communications and Electronic Intercept Receivers and Tuners for military and intelligence applications.  The remaining 19.9% continues to be owned by certain members of MMS  management team. 
    
  In August 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., 80.1% of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Aerospace   Commercial Technologies, LLC ( ACT ).  ACT is a provider of products and services necessary to maintain up-to-date F-16 fighter aircraft  

31 

     Index  

operational capabilities.  The remaining 19.9% continues to be owned by certain members of ACT s management team. 
    
  In May 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Flight Support Corp, all of the stock of Thermal Energy Products, Inc. ( TEP ).  TEP engineers, designs and manufactures removable/reusable insulation systems for industrial, commercial, aerospace and defense applications. 
    
  In January 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., 80.1% of the equity of Harter Aerospace, LLC ("Harter").  Harter is a globally recognized component and accessory maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) station specializing in commercial aircraft accessories, including thrust reverse actuation systems and pneumatics, and electromechanical components.  The remaining 19.9% interest continues to be owned by certain members of Harter's management team. 
    
  In January 2015, we acquired, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., 80% of the equity of Aeroworks International Holding B.V. ( Aeroworks ).  Aeroworks, which is headquartered in the Netherlands and maintains a significant portion of its production facilities in Thailand and Laos, is a manufacturer of both composite and metal parts used primarily in aircraft interior applications, including seating, galleys, lavatories, doors, and overhead bins.  The remaining 20% interest continues to be owned by a certain member of Aeroworks' management team. 
       
  In June 2014, we created a new legal entity, Seal Q Corp., within HEICO Flight Support Corp., which acquired certain assets and liabilities of Quest Aviation Supply, Inc. ( Quest Aviation ).  Quest Aviation is a niche supplier of parts to repair thrust reversers on various aircraft engines. 
       
  The purchase price of each of the above referenced acquisitions was paid in cash principally using proceeds from our revolving credit facility.  The aggregate amount paid in cash for acquisitions, including additional purchase consideration payments, was $263.8 million, $166.8 million and $8.7 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
    
  In February 2014, we acquired the 20% noncontrolling interest held by Lufthansa Technik AG ( LHT ) in four of our existing subsidiaries principally operating in the specialty products and distribution businesses within HEICO Aerospace.  For further information regarding this acquisition, see Note 8, Shareholder s Equity, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  
    
  Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  We believe that the following are our most critical accounting policies, which require management to make judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
    
  Assumptions utilized to determine fair value in connection with business combinations, contingent consideration arrangements and in goodwill and intangible assets impairment tests are highly judgmental.  If there is a material change in such assumptions or if there is a material  

32 

     Index  

change in the conditions or circumstances influencing fair value, we could be required to recognize a material impairment charge.  See Item 1A., Risk Factors, for a list of factors which may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. 
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  Revenue from the sale of products and the rendering of services is recognized when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment.  Revenue from certain fixed price contracts for which costs can be dependably estimated is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date to estimated total costs for each contract.  This method is used because management considers costs incurred to be the best available measure of progress on these contracts.  Revisions in cost estimates as contracts progress have the effect of increasing or decreasing profits in the period of revision.  Revisions in cost estimates may be caused by factors such as the price or availability of raw materials and component parts or variations in the amount of labor required and/or the materials necessary to meet customer specifications and requirements.  Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined.  The percentage of our net sales recognized under the percentage-of-completion method was approximately 3%, 4% and 3% in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Changes in estimates pertaining to percentage-of-completion contracts did not have a material or significant effect on net income or net income per share in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014. 
    
  For fixed price contracts in which costs cannot be dependably estimated, revenue is recognized on the completed-contract method.  A contract is considered complete when all significant costs have been incurred or the item has been accepted by the customer.  Progress billings and customer advances received on fixed price contracts accounted for under the completed-contract method are classified as a reduction to contract costs that are included in inventories, if any, and any remaining amount is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities.   
    
  Valuation of Accounts Receivable 
    
  The valuation of accounts receivable requires that we set up an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts and record a corresponding charge to bad debt expense.  We estimate uncollectible receivables based on such factors as our prior experience, our appraisal of a customer s ability to pay, age of receivables outstanding and economic conditions within and outside of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries.  Actual bad debt expense could differ from estimates made. 
    
  Valuation of Inventory 
    
  Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out or the average cost basis.  Losses, if any, are recognized fully in the period when identified. 

33 

     Index  

We periodically evaluate the carrying value of inventory, giving consideration to factors such as its physical condition, sales patterns and expected future demand in order to estimate the amount necessary to write down any slow moving, obsolete or damaged inventory.  These estimates could vary significantly from actual amounts based upon future economic conditions, customer inventory levels, or competitive factors that were not foreseen or did not exist when the estimated write-downs were made. 
    
  In accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as a current asset including portions with long production cycles, some of which may not be realized within one year. 
    
  Business Combinations 
    
  We allocate the purchase price of acquired entities to the underlying tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and any noncontrolling interests assumed based on their estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill.  Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed requires management s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items.  We determine the fair values of intangible assets acquired generally in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. 
    
  As part of the agreement to acquire certain subsidiaries, we may be obligated to pay contingent consideration should the acquired entity meet certain earnings objectives subsequent to the date of acquisition.  As of the acquisition date, contingent consideration is recorded at fair value as determined through the use of a probability-based scenario analysis approach.  Under this method, a set of discrete potential future subsidiary earnings is determined using internal estimates based on various revenue growth rate assumptions for each scenario.  A probability of likelihood is then assigned to each discrete potential future earnings estimate and the resultant contingent consideration is calculated and discounted using a weighted average discount rate reflecting the credit risk of a market participant.  Subsequent to the acquisition date, the fair value of such contingent consideration is measured each reporting period and any changes are recorded to selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses within our Consolidated Statements of Operations.  Changes in either the revenue growth rates, related earnings or the discount rate could result in a material change to the amount of contingent consideration accrued.  As of October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, $18.9 million, $21.4 million and $1.2 million of contingent consideration was accrued within our Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively.  During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, such fair value measurement adjustments resulted in net increases (or decreases) to SG A expenses of $3.1 million, $.3 million and ($28.1) million, respectively.  For further information regarding our contingent consideration arrangements, see Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

34 

     Index  

Valuation of Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  We test goodwill for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be fully recoverable.  In evaluating the recoverability of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each of our reporting units to its carrying value to determine potential impairment.  If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill is to be calculated and an impairment loss is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any.  The fair values of our reporting units were determined using a weighted average of a market approach and an income approach.  Under the market approach, fair values are estimated using published market multiples for comparable companies.  We calculate fair values under the income approach by taking estimated future cash flows that are based on internal projections and other assumptions deemed reasonable by management and discounting them using an estimated weighted average cost of capital.  Based on the annual goodwill impairment test as of October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, we determined there was no impairment of our goodwill.  The fair value of each of our reporting units as of October 31, 2016 significantly exceeded its carrying value. 
    
  We test each non-amortizing intangible asset (principally trade names) for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  To derive the fair value of our trade names, we utilize an income approach, which relies upon management's assumptions of royalty rates, projected revenues and discount rates.  We also test each amortizing intangible asset for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  The test consists of determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows.  If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets.  The determination of fair value requires us to make a number of estimates, assumptions and judgments of underlying factors such as projected revenues and related earnings as well as discount rates.  Based on the intangible impairment tests conducted, we did not recognize any impairment losses in fiscal 2016 and 2015; however, we recognized pre-tax impairment losses within the ETG during fiscal 2014 related to the write-down of certain customer relationships, non-amortizing trade names, and intellectual property of $11.2 million, $1.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively, to their estimated fair values.  The impairment losses pertaining to customer relationships and non-amortizing trade names were recorded as a component of SG A expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations and the impairment losses pertaining to intellectual property were recorded as a component of cost of sales.  For additional information regarding the fiscal 2014 impairment losses, including the assumptions made when determining the asset's fair value, see Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.     

35 

     Index  

Results of Operations 
    
  The following table sets forth the results of our operations, net sales and operating income by segment and the percentage of net sales represented by the respective items in our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands)  : 

36 

     Index  

Comparison of Fiscal 2016 to Fiscal 2015 
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Our net sales in fiscal 2016 increased by 16% to a record $1,376.3 million, as compared to net sales of $1,188.6 million in fiscal 2015.  The increase in consolidated net sales reflects an increase of $120.3 million (a 31% increase) to a record $511.3 million in net sales within the ETG as well as an increase of $66.2 million (an 8% increase) to a record $875.9 million in net sales within the FSG.  The net sales increase in the ETG reflects net sales of $107.3 million contributed by our fiscal 2016 and 2015 acquisitions as well as organic growth of 4%.  The ETG's organic growth resulted mainly from an aggregate net sales increase of $17.2 million attributed to higher demand from certain space, medical and other electronics products, partially offset by a $3.2 million net sales decrease from lower demand for certain defense products.  The net sales increase in the FSG reflects net sales of $40.6 million contributed by our fiscal 2015 acquisitions as well as organic growth of 3%.  The FSG's organic growth is principally attributed to increased demand and new product offerings within our aftermarket replacement parts and specialty products lines, resulting in net sales increases of $22.6 million and $10.9 million, respectively.  These increases were partially offset by $7.9 million of lower organic net sales from our repair and overhaul parts and services product line.  Our repair and overhaul parts and services product line was adversely impacted by the mix of products repaired during fiscal 2016, which required less extensive repair and overhaul services, as well as softer demand from our South American market.  The FSG experienced organic revenue growth of 6% in fiscal 2016 excluding our repair and overhaul parts and services product line.  Sales price changes were not a significant contributing factor to the FSG and ETG net sales growth in fiscal 2016. 
    
  Our net sales in fiscal 2016 and 2015 by market consisted of approximately 52% and 57%, respectively, from the commercial aviation industry, 34% and 27%, respectively, from the defense and space industries, and 14% and 16%, respectively, from other industrial markets including medical, electronics and telecommunications. 
    
  Gross Profit and Operating Expenses 
    
  Our consolidated gross profit margin increased to 37.5% in fiscal 2016 as compared to 36.5% in fiscal 2015, principally reflecting an increase of .9% in the FSG's gross profit margin, partially offset by a .5% decrease in the ETG's gross profit margin.  The increase in the FSG's gross profit margin is principally attributed to increased net sales and a more favorable product mix within our aftermarket replacement parts and specialty products product lines, partially offset by decreased net sales and a less favorable product mix within our repair and overhaul parts and services product line.  The decrease in the ETG's gross profit margin is principally attributed to a less favorable product mix for certain space products.  Total new product research and development ("R D") expenses included within our consolidated cost of sales increased to $44.7 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $38.7 million in fiscal 2015.   
    
  Our consolidated SG A expenses were $250.1 million and $204.5 million in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in consolidated SG A expenses principally reflects $21.8  

37 

     Index  

million attributable to the fiscal 2016 and 2015 acquisitions, inclusive of $3.1 million of acquisition costs associated with a fiscal 2016 acquisition, $9.1 million of higher performance-based compensation expense, $3.1 million attributable to changes in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration associated with a prior year acquisition, inclusive of foreign currency transaction adjustments, and a $2.4 million impact from foreign currency transaction adjustments on borrowings denominated in Euros under our revolving credit facility. 
    
  Our consolidated SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales were 18.2% and 17.2% in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in consolidated SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales principally reflects a .5% impact from higher performance-based compensation expense and a .2%, .2% and .2% impact from the aforementioned changes in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration, foreign currency transaction adjustments and acquisition costs, respectively.   
    
  Operating Income 
    
  Our consolidated operating income in fiscal 2016 increased by 16% to a record $265.3 million, up from $229.7 million in fiscal 2015.  As a percentage of net sales, our consolidated operating income was 19.3% in both fiscal 2016 and 2015.  The increase in consolidated operating income is primarily attributed to a $27.2 million increase (a 28% increase) to a record $126.0 million in operating income of the ETG as well as a $13.6 million increase (a 9% increase) to a record $163.4 million in operating income of the FSG, partially offset by a $5.1 million increase in corporate expenses principally reflecting higher performance-based compensation expense and the previously mentioned foreign currency transaction adjustments on borrowings denominated in Euros.  The increase in operating income of the ETG is mainly attributed to the previously mentioned net sales growth, partially offset by a $6.4 million and $5.2 million increase in amortization expense of intangible assets and performance-based compensation expense, respectively, in addition to the impact from the previously mentioned acquisition costs.  The increase in operating income of the FSG is mainly attributed to the previously mentioned net sales growth and improved gross profit margin, partially offset by a $4.4 million increase in performance-based compensation expense, the previously mentioned changes in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration and a $3.0 million increase in amortization expense of intangible assets. 
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense increased to $8.3 million in fiscal 2016 from $4.6 million in fiscal 2015.  The increase was due to a higher weighted average balance outstanding under our revolving credit facility associated with our fiscal 2016 and 2015 acquisitions as well as higher interest rates.  
    
  Other Expense  
    
  Other expense in fiscal 2016 and 2015 was not material. 

38 

     Index  

Income Tax Expense 
       
  Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2016 decreased to 31.5% from 31.7% in fiscal 2015.  The decrease principally reflects the benefits recognized in fiscal 2016 of a larger income tax credit for qualified R D activities resulting from the permanent extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2015 and a lower effective state tax rate driven by certain apportionment updates recognized upon the amendment of certain prior year tax returns in fiscal 2016.  These decreases were partially offset by the benefits recognized in fiscal 2015 from a prior year tax return amendment for additional foreign tax credits related to R D activities at one of our foreign subsidiaries and higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries structured as partnerships.  See Note 6, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed analysis of the provision for income taxes.  
       
  Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests relates to the 20% noncontrolling interest held by Lufthansa Technik AG in HEICO Aerospace and the noncontrolling interests held by others in certain subsidiaries of the FSG and ETG.  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $20.0 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $20.2 million in fiscal 2015.  
    
  Net Income Attributable to HEICO 
    
  Net income attributable to HEICO increased to a record $156.2 million, or $2.29 per diluted share, in fiscal 2016 from $133.4 million, or $1.97 per diluted share, in fiscal 2015, principally reflecting the previously mentioned increased net sales and operating income. 
    
  Outlook 
    
  As we look ahead to fiscal 2017, we anticipate net sales growth within the FSG's commercial aviation and defense product lines.  We also expect growth within the ETG, principally driven by demand for the majority of our products.  During fiscal 2017, we will continue our commitments to developing new products and services, further market penetration, and an aggressive acquisition strategy while maintaining our financial strength and flexibility.  Overall, we are targeting growth in fiscal 2017 full year net sales and net income over fiscal 2016 levels.  These estimates exclude additional acquired businesses, if any.   

39 

     Index  

Comparison of Fiscal 2015 to Fiscal 2014 
    
  Net Sales 
    
  Our net sales in fiscal 2015 increased by 5% to a record $1,188.6 million, as compared to net sales of $1,132.3 million in fiscal 2014.  The increase in consolidated net sales reflects an increase of $46.9 million (a 6% increase) to a record $809.7 million in net sales within the FSG as well as an increase of $11.6 million (a 3% increase) to a record $391.0 million in net sales within the ETG.  The net sales increase in the FSG reflects net sales of $54.9 million contributed by our fiscal 2015 acquisitions as well as additional net sales in our aftermarket replacement parts and repair and overhaul services product lines of $11.4 million principally from new product and service offerings.  The net sales increase within the FSG was partially offset by a $19.4 million organic net sales decrease in our specialty products lines principally reflecting lower net sales of certain industrial products that are attributable to the completion of a customer s multi-year orders in late fiscal 2014.  As a result of the net sales decrease of certain industrial products, the FSG experienced a 1% organic revenue decline in fiscal 2015.  Excluding industrial net sales, the FSG experienced organic growth of 3% in fiscal 2015.  The net sales increase in the ETG reflects net sales of $8.0 million contributed by a fiscal 2015 acquisition as well as organic growth of 1% resulting from an aggregate net sales increase of $7.6 million attributed to higher demand for certain of our defense, other electronics and aerospace products.  The net sales increase within the ETG was partially offset by a $3.9 million net sales decrease from lower demand for certain of the ETG's space and telecommunications products.  Sales price changes were not a significant contributing factor to the FSG and ETG net sales growth in fiscal 2015. 
    
  Our net sales in fiscal 2015 and 2014 by market consisted of approximately 57% and 56%, respectively, from the commercial aviation industry, 27% and 26%, respectively, from the defense and space industries, and 16% and 18%, respectively, from other industrial markets including medical, electronics and telecommunications. 
    
  Gross Profit and Operating Expenses 
    
  Our consolidated gross profit margin increased to 36.5% in fiscal 2015 as compared to 35.2% in fiscal 2014 and principally reflects an increase of 3.8% in the ETG's gross profit margin as well as a .2% increase in the FSG's gross profit margin.  The increase in the ETG's gross profit margin is mainly attributed to a more favorable product mix and increased net sales of certain of our defense products.  Total new product R D expenses included within our consolidated cost of sales increased to $38.7 million in fiscal 2015 compared to $37.4 million in fiscal 2014.   
    
  SG A expenses were $204.5 million and $194.9 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, and were a constant 17.2% of net sales in both fiscal 2015 and 2014.  The increase in SG A expenses principally reflects a $28.1 million reduction in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration recorded in the prior year associated with a fiscal 2013 acquisition, partially offset by the impact of $13.1 million of impairment losses recorded in the  

40 

     Index  

prior year related to certain intangible assets of the acquired entity and a $5.2 million decrease in performance-based compensation expense.  See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Operating Income 
    
  Operating income in fiscal 2015 increased by 13% to a record $229.7 million as compared to operating income of $203.4 million in fiscal 2014.  The increase in operating income reflects a $13.3 million increase (a 10% increase) to a record $149.8 million in operating income of the FSG in fiscal 2015, up from $136.5 million in fiscal 2014 and a $9.9 million increase (an 11% increase) in operating income of the ETG to a record $98.8 million in fiscal 2015, up from $88.9 million in fiscal 2014.  The increase in operating income of the FSG principally reflects the aforementioned net sales growth, a $2.6 million decrease in performance-based compensation expense, the improved gross profit margin and $1.4 million of unrealized gains from foreign currency transaction adjustments on our Euro denominated contingent consideration liability, partially offset by a $3.2 million increase in amortization expense of intangible assets recognized in connection with the fiscal 2015 acquired businesses.  The increase in operating income of the ETG principally reflects the previously mentioned improved gross profit margin and net sales growth, a $15.0 million impact from prior year intangible asset impairment losses and a $4.0 million decrease in amortization expense of intangible assets, partially offset by the impact of the prior year reduction in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration.  Additionally, the increase in consolidated operating income reflects a $3.3 million decrease in corporate expenses principally due to $2.3 million of unrealized gains from foreign currency transaction adjustments on Euro borrowings and lower performance-based compensation expense. 
    
  Consolidated operating income as a percentage of net sales increased to 19.3% in fiscal 2015, up from 18.0% in fiscal 2014.  The increase in consolidated operating income as a percentage of net sales is mainly attributed to an increase in the ETG s operating income as a percentage of net sales to 25.3% in fiscal 2015, up from 23.4% in fiscal 2014 and an increase in the FSG's operating income as a percentage of net sales to 18.5% in fiscal 2015, up from 17.9% in fiscal 2014.  The increase in operating income as a percentage of net sales for the ETG principally reflects the improved gross profit margin and a 4.0% and a 1.2% favorable impact from the prior year impairment losses and current year lower amortization expense of intangible assets, respectively, partially offset by a 7.4% impact from the prior year reduction in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration.  The increase in operating income as a percentage of net sales for the FSG principally reflects a .3% favorable impact from the lower performance-based compensation expense as well as the improved gross profit margin and unrealized foreign currency gains, partially offset by the increase in amortization expense associated with fiscal 2015 acquired intangible assets.    
    
  Interest Expense 
    
  Interest expense decreased to $4.6 million in fiscal 2015 from $5.4 million in fiscal 2014.  The decrease was principally due to a higher weighted average balance outstanding under our  

41 

     Index  

revolving credit facility in fiscal 2014 associated with our fiscal 2013 acquisitions and the acquisition of certain noncontrolling interests in fiscal 2014. 
    
  Other (Expense) Income  
    
  Other (expense) income in fiscal 2015 and 2014 was not material. 
    
  Income Tax Expense 
       
  Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2015 increased to 31.7% from 30.1% in fiscal 2014.  The increase is principally due to the impact of a larger nontaxable reduction in accrued contingent consideration during fiscal 2014 associated with a prior year acquisition acquired by means of a stock transaction and the impact of higher tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2015.  These increases were partially offset by an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2014 that was recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 resulting from the retroactive extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2014 to cover calendar year 2014, the benefit of recognizing additional foreign tax credits related to R D activities at one of our foreign subsidiaries inclusive of amendments to prior year tax returns, and our decision to not make a provision for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of a fiscal 2015 foreign acquisition.  See Note 6, Income Taxes, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a detailed analysis of the provision for income taxes. 
       
  Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests relates to the 20% noncontrolling interest held by Lufthansa Technik AG in HEICO Aerospace and the noncontrolling interests held by others in certain subsidiaries of the FSG and ETG.  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $20.2 million in fiscal 2015 compared to $17.5 million in fiscal 2014.  The increase principally reflects the impact of net income allocations to certain of the fiscal 2015 acquisitions in which noncontrolling interests are held.      
    
  Net Income Attributable to HEICO 
    
  Net income attributable to HEICO increased to a record $133.4 million, or $1.97 per diluted share, in fiscal 2015 from $121.3 million, or $1.80 per diluted share, in fiscal 2014, principally reflecting the previously mentioned increased operating income. 
    
  Inflation 
    
  We have generally experienced increases in our costs of labor, materials and services consistent with overall rates of inflation.  The impact of such increases on net income attributable to HEICO has been generally minimized by efforts to lower costs through manufacturing efficiencies and cost reductions. 

42 

     Index  

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  Our capitalization was as follows (in thousands):   

Our principal uses of cash include acquisitions, capital expenditures, cash dividends, distributions to noncontrolling interests and working capital needs.  Capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 are anticipated to approximate $38 million.  We finance our activities primarily from our operating and financing activities, including borrowings under our revolving credit facility.   
       
  As of December 13, 2016, we had approximately $353 million of unused committed availability under the terms of our revolving credit facility.  Based on our current outlook, we believe that net cash provided by operating activities and available borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
    
  Operating Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $249.2 million in fiscal 2016 and consisted primarily of net income from consolidated operations of $176.2 million, depreciation and amortization expense of $60.3 million (a non-cash item) and an increase in working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of $8.1 million.  Net cash provided by operating activities increased by $76.3 million in fiscal 2016 from $172.9 million in fiscal 2015.  The increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 is principally due to a $36.7 million decrease in working capital, a $22.6 million increase in net income from consolidated operations and a $12.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense (a non-cash item).  The $36.7 million decrease in working capital is principally attributed to a $36.2 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, which mainly reflects an increase in deferred revenue attributed to billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on a fixed price contract for which revenue is being recognized on the percentage-of-completion method and customer deposits received in connection with a contract to provided repair and overhaul services, as well as a higher level of accrued performance-based compensation due to the improved consolidated operating results, and an increase in accrued customer rebates and credits.   

43 

     Index  

Net cash provided by operating activities was $172.9 million in fiscal 2015 and consisted primarily of net income from consolidated operations of $153.6 million, depreciation and amortization expense of $47.9 million (a non-cash item) and a decrease in working capital (current assets minus current liabilities) of $28.7 million.  Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $17.8 million in fiscal 2015 from $190.7 million in fiscal 2014.  The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2015 is principally due to a $44.7 million increase in working capital and a $15.0 million decrease attributed to the impairment of intangible assets recorded in the prior year (a non-cash item), partially offset by a $28.4 million impact from a larger reduction in the estimated fair value of accrued contingent consideration (a non-cash item) recorded in the prior year and an increase of $14.8 million in net income from consolidated operations.  The $44.7 million increase in working capital principally reflects a $29.6 million increase in accounts receivable reflecting strong sales late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 and a $10.3 million increase in inventory to meet increased sales demand in the near term. 
    
  Net cash provided by operating activities was $190.7 million in fiscal 2014 and consisted primarily of net income from consolidated operations of $138.8 million, depreciation and amortization expense of $47.8 million, a decrease in working capital of $16.0 million, and impairment of intangible assets totaling $15.0 million (a non-cash item), partially offset by a $28.1 million decrease in accrued contingent consideration (a non-cash item) associated with prior year acquisitions.  
       
  Investing Activities 
    
  Net cash used in investing activities during the three-year fiscal period ended October 31, 2016 primarily relates to several acquisitions aggregating $439.3 million, including $263.8 million in fiscal 2016, $166.8 million in fiscal 2015, and $8.7 million in fiscal 2014.  Further details on acquisitions may be found at the beginning of this Item 7 under the caption  Overview  and Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   
  Capital expenditures aggregated $65.5 million over the last three fiscal years, primarily reflecting the expansion, replacement and betterment of existing production facilities and capabilities, which were generally funded using cash provided by operating activities. 
    
  Financing Activities 
    
  Net cash provided by financing activities was $56.8 million in fiscal 2016 as compared to $27.3 million in fiscal 2015 and net cash used in financing activities of $160.1 million in fiscal 2014.  During the three-year fiscal period ended October 31, 2016, we borrowed an aggregate $545.7 million under our revolving credit facility including borrowings of $260.0 million in fiscal 2016, $173.7 million in fiscal 2015, and $112.0 million in fiscal 2014.  The aforementioned borrowings were made principally to fund acquisitions in all years and to make distributions to noncontrolling interests and pay special and extraordinary cash dividends in fiscal 2014.  Further details on acquisitions may be found at the beginning of this Item 7 under the caption  Overview  and Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.  Payments on our revolving credit facility aggregated $461.0 million over the last  

44 

     Index  

three fiscal years, including $170.0 million in fiscal 2016, $132.0 million in fiscal 2015, and $159.0 million in fiscal 2014.  For the three-year fiscal period ended October 31, 2016, we made distributions to noncontrolling interests aggregating $107.9 million, including $79.2 million in fiscal 2014 and paid an aggregate $51.3 million in cash dividends, including $31.2 million in fiscal 2014. 
    
  In December 2011, we entered into a $670 million Revolving Credit Agreement ( Credit Facility ) with a bank syndicate.  The Credit Facility may be used for our working capital and general corporate needs, including capital expenditures and to finance acquisitions.  In November 2013, we entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility by one year to December 2018 and to increase the aggregate principal amount to $800 million.  Furthermore, the amendment includes a feature that will allow us to increase the aggregate principal amount by an additional $200 million to become a $1.0 billion facility through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders.     
    
  Advances under the Credit Facility accrue interest at our choice of the  Base Rate  or the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus the applicable margin (based on our ratio of total funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, noncontrolling interests and non-cash charges, or  leverage ratio ).  The Base Rate is the highest of (i) the Prime Rate; (ii) the Federal Funds rate plus .50% per annum; and (iii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate determined on a daily basis for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00% per annum, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Facility.  The applicable margin for a LIBOR-based borrowing ranges from .75% to 2.25%.  The applicable margin for a Base Rate borrowing ranges from 0% to 1.25%.  A fee is charged on the amount of the unused commitment ranging from .125% to .35% (depending on our leverage ratio).  The Credit Facility also includes a $50 million sublimit for borrowings made in foreign currencies, letters of credit and swingline borrowings.  Outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon an event of default, as such events are described in the Credit Facility.  The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains covenants that restrict the amount of certain payments, including dividends, and require, among other things, the maintenance of a total leverage ratio, a senior leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio.  In the event our leverage ratio exceeds a specified level, the Credit Facility would become secured by the capital stock owned in substantially all of our subsidiaries.  As of October 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all financial and nonfinancial covenants.  See Note 5, Long-Term Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Credit Facility. 

45 

     Index  

Contractual Obligations 
    
  The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of October 31, 2016 
   (in thousands): 

__________________ 
    
           (1) 
    Excludes interest charges on borrowings and the fee on the amount of any unused commitment that we may be obligated to pay under our revolving credit facility as such amounts vary.  See Note 5, Long-Term Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and  Liquidity and Capital Resources,  above for additional information regarding our long-term debt obligations.  
       
           (2) 
    Inclusive of $.6 million in interest charges.  See Note 5, Long-Term Debt, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our capital lease obligations. 
       
           (3) 
    See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies   Lease Commitments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our operating lease obligations. 
       
           (4) 
    Includes contingent consideration aggregating $18.9 million related to a fiscal 2015 and 2016 acquisition.  See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
       
           (5) 
    Also includes an aggregate $3.7 million of commitments principally for capital expenditures and inventory.  All purchase obligations of inventory and supplies in the ordinary course of business (i.e., with deliveries scheduled within the next year) are excluded from the table. 
       
           (6) 
    The holders of equity interests in certain of our subsidiaries have rights ( Put Rights ) that may be exercised on varying dates causing us to purchase their equity interests through fiscal 2025.  The Put Rights provide that cash consideration be paid for their equity interests (the  Redemption Amount ).  As of October 31, 2016, management s estimate of the aggregate Redemption Amount of all Put Rights that we could be required to pay is approximately $99.5 million, which is reflected within redeemable noncontrolling interests in our Consolidated Balance Sheet.  Of this amount, $4.0 million is included in the table as payable in fiscal 2017 pursuant to the past exercise of such Put Rights by the noncontrolling interest holders of one of our subsidiaries. 
       
           (7) 
    The amounts in the table do not include liabilities related to the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan or our other deferred compensation arrangement as they are each fully supported by assets held within irrevocable trusts.  See Note 3, Selected Financial Statement Information - Other Long-Term Assets and Liabilities, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about these two deferred compensation plans. 

46 

     Index  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
    
  Guarantees 
    
  As of October 31, 2016, we have arranged for standby letters of credit aggregating $2.4 million, which are supported by our revolving credit facility.  One letter of credit in the amount of $1.5 million is to satisfy the security requirement of our insurance company for potential workers' compensation claims and the remainder pertain to performance guarantees related to customer contracts entered into by certain of our subsidiaries.    
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance.  Under ASU 2014-09, an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.  The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts.  ASU 2014-09, as amended, is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017, or in fiscal 2019 for 
  HEICO.  Early adoption in the year preceding the effective date is permitted.  ASU 2014-09 shall be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application.  We are currently evaluating which transition method we will elect and the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11,  Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,  which requires entities to measure inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  Under current guidance, inventories are measured at the lower of cost or market.  ASU 2015-11 must be applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating the effect, if any, the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
           
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet.  ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively or  retrospectively and is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  We are currently evaluating which transition method we will elect.  The adoption of this guidance will only effect the presentation of deferred taxes in our consolidated statement of financial position. 

47 

     Index  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases," which requires recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018, or in fiscal 2020 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach and provides certain optional transition relief.  We are currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," which simplifies several aspects related to accounting for share-based payment transactions.  Under ASU 2016-09, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are to be recognized in the statement of operations as a component of income tax expense rather than as capital in excess of par value, and the tax effects will be presented within the statement of cash flows as an operating cash flow rather than as a financing activity.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  The recognition of the tax effects in the statement of operations, as well as related changes to the computation of diluted earnings per share are to be applied prospectively and entities may elect to apply the change in the presentation of the statement of cash flows either prospectively or retrospectively.  We are currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments," which clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are to be presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on eight specific cash flow classification issues including contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from corporate-owned life insurance policies and distributions received from equity method investees.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017, or in fiscal 2019 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-15 requires a retrospective transition approach for all periods presented.  We are currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on our consolidated statement of cash flows. 
    
  Forward-Looking Statements 
    
  Certain statements in this report constitute  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  All statements contained herein that are not clearly historical in nature may be forward-looking and the words "expect,"  anticipate,   believe,   estimate  and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements.  Any forward-looking statement contained herein, in press releases, written statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or in communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, phone calls and conference calls, concerning our operations, economic performance and financial condition are subject to risks, uncertainties and contingencies.  We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about  

48 

     Index  

future events.  All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from anticipated results, performance or achievements.  Also, forward-looking statements are based upon management s estimates of fair values and of future costs, using currently available information.  Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause such differences include: 

Lower demand for commercial air travel or airline fleet changes or airline purchasing decisions, which could cause lower demand for our goods and services;  

Product specification costs and requirements, which could cause an increase to our costs to complete contracts;  

Governmental and regulatory demands, export policies and restrictions, reductions in defense, space or homeland security spending by U.S. and/or foreign customers or competition from existing and new competitors, which could reduce our sales; 

Our ability to introduce new products and services at profitable pricing levels, which could reduce our sales or sales growth;   

Product development or manufacturing difficulties, which could increase our product development costs and delay sales;  

Our ability to make acquisitions and achieve operating synergies from acquired businesses; customer credit risk; interest, foreign currency exchange and income tax rates; economic conditions within and outside of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries, which could negatively impact our costs and revenues; and  

Defense budget cuts, which could reduce our defense-related revenue.  
       
  For further information on these and other factors that potentially could materially affect our financial results, see Item 1A, Risk Factors.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by applicable law. 

49 

Index  

Item 7A.      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We have exposure to interest rate risk, mainly related to our revolving credit facility, which has variable interest rates.  Interest rate risk associated with our variable rate debt is the potential increase in interest expense from an increase in interest rates.  Based on our aggregate outstanding variable rate debt balance of $455.1 million as of October 31, 2016, a hypothetical 10% increase in interest rates would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  We also maintain a portion of our cash and cash equivalents in financial instruments with original maturities of three months or less.  These financial instruments are subject to interest rate risk and will decline in value if interest rates increase.  Due to the short duration of these financial instruments, a hypothetical 10% increase in interest rates as of October 31, 2016 would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  Foreign Currency Risk 
    
  We have a few foreign subsidiaries that conduct a portion of their operations in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, or principally in Euros, Canadian dollars and British pounds sterling.  Accordingly, changes in exchange rates between such foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar will affect the translation of the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into the U.S. dollar for purposes of reporting our consolidated financial results.  A hypothetical 10% weakening in the exchange rate of the Euro, Canadian dollar or British pound sterling to the U.S. dollar as of October 31, 2016 would not have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
    
  Additionally, we have exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the U.S. dollar value of our foreign currency denominated transactions.  During fiscal 2015, we borrowed  32 million under our revolving credit facility and used the funds to facilitate an acquisition.  A portion of the total consideration for this acquisition is contingently payable upon the acquired entity meeting certain earnings objectives during each of the next three years following the first anniversary of the acquisition.  As of October 31, 2016, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was  16.1 million and our Euro debt balance, net of cash, was  24.8 million.  A hypothetical 10% weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Euro as of October 31, 2016 would increase the U.S. dollar equivalent of our net Euro borrowing and Euro denominated contingent consideration liability by $4.5 million in aggregate and decrease operating income by the same amount.   

50 

Index  

Item 8.      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
    
  HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

51 

Index  

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  HEICO Corporation 
  Hollywood, Florida 
    
  We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016.  Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15.  These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. 
    
  We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also, in our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework     (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated December 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.  
    
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Certified Public Accountants 
    
  Miami, Florida 
  December 15, 2016 

52 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands, except per share data)   

  The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

53 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

54 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

55 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

56 

     Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES  
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY  
  (in thousands, except per share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

57 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

58 

Index  

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
    
  Nature of Business 
    
  HEICO Corporation, through its principal subsidiaries consisting of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. ( HEICO Aerospace ), HEICO Flight Support Corp. and HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. ( HEICO Electronic ) and their respective subsidiaries (collectively, the  Company ), is principally engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of aerospace, defense and electronic related products and services throughout the United States ("U.S.") and internationally.  The Company s customer base is primarily the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries. 
    
  Basis of Presentation 
    
  The Company has two operating segments:  the Flight Support Group ( FSG ), consisting of HEICO Aerospace and HEICO Flight Support Corp. and their respective subsidiaries; and the Electronic Technologies Group ( ETG ), consisting of HEICO Electronic and its subsidiaries.   
    
  The consolidated financial statements include the financial accounts of HEICO Corporation and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly owned except for HEICO Aerospace, which is   20%   owned by Lufthansa Technik AG ("LHT"), the technical services subsidiary of Lufthansa German Airlines.  In addition, HEICO Aerospace consolidates two subsidiaries which are   80.1%   and   82.3%   owned, respectively, and a joint venture, which is   84%   owned.  Also, HEICO Flight Support Corp. consolidates two subsidiaries which are   80.0%   and   84%   owned, respectively, three subsidiaries that are each   80.1%   owned, and one subsidiary which is 90.1% owned.  Furthermore, HEICO Electronic consolidates four subsidiaries, which are   80.1%  ,   80.1%  ,   82.5%  , and   95.9%   owned, respectively, and a wholly owned subsidiary of HEICO Electronic consolidates a subsidiary which is   78%   owned.  See Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests.  All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated. 
    
  Use of Estimates and Assumptions 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

59 

     Index  

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
    
  For purposes of the consolidated financial statements, the Company considers all highly liquid investments such as U.S. Treasury bills and money market funds, without liquidity fees or redemption gates, with an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. 
    
  Accounts Receivable 
    
  Accounts receivable consist of amounts billed and currently due from customers and unbilled costs and estimated earnings related to revenue from certain fixed price contracts recognized on the percentage-of-completion method that have been recognized for accounting purposes, but not yet billed to customers.  The valuation of accounts receivable requires that the Company set up an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts and record a corresponding charge to bad debt expense.  The Company estimates uncollectible receivables based on such factors as its prior experience, its appraisal of a customer s ability to pay, age of receivables outstanding and economic conditions within and outside of the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries. 
    
  Concentrations of Credit Risk 
    
  Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of temporary cash investments and trade accounts receivable.  The Company places its temporary cash investments with high credit quality financial institutions and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution.  Concentrations of credit risk with respect to trade receivables are limited due to the large number of customers comprising the Company s customer base and their dispersion across many different geographical regions.  The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers, but does not generally require collateral to support customer receivables. 
    
  Inventory 
    
  Inventory is stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost being determined on the first-in, first-out or the average cost basis.  Losses, if any, are recognized fully in the period when identified. 
    
  The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of inventory, giving consideration to factors such as its physical condition, sales patterns and expected future demand in order to estimate the amount necessary to write down any slow moving, obsolete or damaged inventory. 
  These estimates could vary significantly from actual amounts based upon future economic conditions, customer inventory levels or competitive factors that were not foreseen or did not exist when the estimated write-downs were made.  In accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as a current asset including portions with long production cycles, some of which may not be realized within one year. 

60 

     Index  

Property, Plant and Equipment 
    
  Property, plant and equipment is recorded at cost.    Depreciation and amortization is generally provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the various assets.    The Company s property, plant and equipment is depreciated over the following estimated useful lives: 

The costs of major additions and improvements are capitalized.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the leasehold improvement s useful life or the lease term. 
  Repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.  Upon an asset's disposition, its cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the financial accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected within earnings. 
    
  Capital Leases 
    
  Assets acquired under capital leases are recorded at the lower of the asset's fair value or the present value of the future minimum lease payments, excluding any portion of the lease payments representing executory costs.  The discount rate used in determining the present value of the minimum lease payments is the lower of the rate implicit in the lease or the Company's incremental borrowing rate.  Assets under capital leases are included in property, plant and equipment and are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the leased asset.  Lease payments under capital leases are recognized as a reduction of the capital lease obligation and as interest expense. 
    
  Business Combinations 
    
  The Company allocates the purchase price of acquired entities to the underlying tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and any noncontrolling interests assumed based on their estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill.  The operating results of acquired businesses are included in the Company s results of operations beginning as of their effective acquisition dates.  Acquisition costs are generally expensed as incurred and totaled   $3.2 million   in fiscal 2016.  See note 2, Acquisitions, for additional information regarding fiscal 2016 acquisition costs.  Acquisition costs were not material in fiscal 2015 or 2014.    
    
  For contingent consideration arrangements, a liability is recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date with subsequent fair value adjustments recorded in operations.  Information regarding additional contingent purchase consideration may be found in Note 2, Acquisitions, and Note 7, Fair Value Measurements.   

61 

     Index  

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of goodwill may not be fully recoverable.  In evaluating the recoverability of goodwill, the Company compares the fair value of each of its reporting units to its carrying value to determine potential impairment.  If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the implied fair value of that reporting unit s goodwill is to be calculated and an impairment loss is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value of the reporting unit s goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, if any.  The fair values of the Company's reporting units are determined by using a weighted average of a market approach and an income approach.  Under the market approach, fair values are estimated using published market multiples for comparable companies.  The Company calculates fair values under the income approach by taking estimated future cash flows that are based on internal projections and other assumptions deemed reasonable by management and discounting them using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. 
    
  The Company s intangible assets not subject to amortization consist principally of its trade names.    The Company s intangible assets subject to amortization are amortized on the straight-line method (except for certain customer relationships amortized on an accelerated method) over the following estimated useful lives  : 

Amortization expense of intellectual property, licenses and patents is recorded as a component of cost of sales, and amortization expense of customer relationships, non-compete agreements and trade names is recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The Company tests each non-amortizing intangible asset for impairment annually as of October 31, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  To derive the fair value of its trade names, the Company utilizes an income approach, which relies upon management's assumptions of royalty rates, projected revenues and discount rates.  The Company also tests each amortizing intangible asset for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.  The test consists of determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted expected future cash flows.  If the total of the undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, the Company recognizes an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets.  The determination of fair value requires management to make a number of estimates, assumptions and judgments of such factors as projected revenues and earnings and discount rates. 

62 

     Index  

Investments 
    
  Investments are stated at fair value based on quoted market prices.  Investments that are intended to be held for less than one year are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, while those intended to be held for longer than one year are classified within other assets.  Unrealized gains or losses associated with available-for-sale securities are reported net of tax within other comprehensive income or (loss) in shareholders  equity.  Unrealized gains or losses associated with trading securities are recorded as a component of other income in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  Customer Rebates and Credits 
    
  The Company records accrued customer rebates and credits as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  These amounts generally relate to discounts negotiated with customers as part of certain sales contracts that are usually tied to sales volume thresholds.  The Company accrues customer rebates and credits as a reduction within net sales as the revenue is recognized based on the estimated level of discount rate expected to be earned by each customer over the life of the contractual rebate period (generally one year).  Accrued customer rebates and credits are monitored by management and discount levels are updated at least quarterly. 
    
  Product Warranties 
    
  Product warranty liabilities are estimated at the time of shipment and recorded as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The amount recognized is based on historical claims experience. 
    
  Defined Benefit Pension Plan 
    
    In connection with a prior year acquisition, the Company assumed a frozen qualified defined benefit pension plan (the "Plan").  The Plan's benefits are based on employee compensation and years of service; however, the accrued benefit for Plan participants was fixed as of the date of acquisition.  The Company uses an actuarial valuation to determine the projected benefit obligation of the Plan and records the difference between the fair value of the Plan's assets and the projected benefit obligation as of October 31 in its Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Additionally, any actuarial gain or loss that arises during a fiscal year that is not recognized as a component of net periodic pension income or expense is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income or (loss), net of tax.  See Note 10, Employee Retirement Plans, for additional information and disclosures about the Plan.     
    
  Revenue Recognition 
    
  Revenue from the sale of products and the rendering of services is recognized when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment.  Revenue from the rendering of services represented less than   10%   of consolidated net sales for all periods  

63 

     Index  

presented.  Revenue from certain fixed price contracts for which costs can be dependably estimated is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method, measured by the percentage of costs incurred to date to estimated total costs for each contract.  The percentage of the Company s net sales recognized under the percentage-of-completion method was approximately   3%  ,   4%   and   3%   in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Contract costs include all direct material and labor costs and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools, repairs and depreciation costs.  Selling, general and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
    
  Revisions in cost estimates as contracts progress have the effect of increasing or decreasing profits in the period of revision.  Provisions for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are made in the period in which such losses are determined.  Variations in actual labor performance, changes to estimated profitability, and final contract settlements may result in revisions to cost estimates and are recognized in income in the period in which the revisions are determined.  Changes in estimates pertaining to percentage-of-completion contracts did not have a material effect on net income from consolidated operations in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014. 
    
  The asset,  costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings  on uncompleted percentage-of-completion contracts, included in accounts receivable, represents revenue recognized in excess of amounts billed.  The liability,  billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings,  included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, represents billings in excess of revenue recognized on contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method. 
  Billings are made based on the completion of certain milestones as provided for in the contracts. 
    
  For fixed price contracts in which costs cannot be dependably estimated, revenue is recognized on the completed-contract method.  A contract is considered complete when all significant costs have been incurred or the item has been accepted by the customer.  Progress billings and customer advances ( billings to date ) received on fixed price contracts accounted for under the completed-contract method are classified as a reduction to contracts in process (a component of inventories), if any, and any remaining amount is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation 
    
  The Company records compensation expense associated with stock options in its Consolidated Statements of Operations based on the grant date fair value of those awards.  The fair value of each stock option on the date of grant is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model based on certain valuation assumptions.  Expected stock price volatility is based on the Company s historical stock prices over the contractual term of the option grant and other factors.  The risk-free interest rate used is based on the published U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the option grant for instruments with a similar life.  The dividend yield reflects the Company s expected dividend yield at the date of grant.  The expected option life represents the period of time that the stock options are expected to be outstanding, taking into consideration the contractual term of the option grant and employee historical exercise  

64 

     Index  

behavior.  The Company generally recognizes stock option compensation expense ratably over the award s vesting period. 
    
  Income Taxes 
    
  Income tax expense includes U.S. and foreign income taxes, plus a provision for U.S. taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries not deemed to be permanently invested.  Deferred income taxes are provided on elements of income that are recognized for financial accounting purposes in periods different from periods recognized for income tax purposes.  The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense.  Further information regarding income taxes can be found in Note 6, Income Taxes. 
    
  Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  As further detailed in Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, the holders of equity interests in certain of the Company s subsidiaries have rights ( Put Rights ) that require the Company to provide cash consideration for their equity interests (the  Redemption Amount ) at fair value or at a formula that management intended to reasonably approximate fair value based solely on a multiple of future earnings over a measurement period.  The Put Rights are embedded in the shares owned by the noncontrolling interest holders and are not freestanding. 
  The Company tracks the carrying cost of such redeemable noncontrolling interests at historical cost plus an allocation of subsidiary earnings based on ownership interest, less dividends paid to the noncontrolling interest holders.  Redeemable noncontrolling interests are recorded outside of permanent equity at the higher of their carrying cost or management s estimate of the Redemption Amount.  The initial adjustment to record redeemable noncontrolling interests at the Redemption Amount results in a corresponding decrease to retained earnings.  Subsequent adjustments to the Redemption Amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests may result in corresponding decreases or increases to retained earnings, provided any increases to retained earnings may only be recorded to the extent of decreases previously recorded.  Adjustments to Redemption Amounts based on fair value will have no effect on net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders whereas the portion of periodic adjustments to the carrying amount of redeemable noncontrolling interests based solely on a multiple of future earnings that reflect a redemption amount in excess of fair value will affect net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders.  Acquisitions of redeemable  noncontrolling interests are treated as equity transactions. 
    
  Net Income per Share Attributable to HEICO Shareholders 
    
  Basic net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders is computed by dividing net income attributable to HEICO by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders is computed by dividing net income attributable to HEICO by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus potentially dilutive common shares arising  

65 

     Index  

from the assumed exercise of stock options, if dilutive.  The dilutive impact of potentially dilutive common shares is determined by applying the treasury stock method. 
       
  Foreign Currency  
    
  All assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries that do not utilize the U.S. dollar as its functional currency are translated at period-end exchange rates, while revenue and expenses are translated using average exchange rates for the period.  Unrealized translation gains or losses are reported as foreign currency translation adjustments through other comprehensive income or (loss) in shareholders  equity.  Transaction gains or losses related to balances denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
    
  Contingencies 
    
  Losses for contingencies such as product warranties, litigation and environmental matters are recognized in income when they are probable and can be reasonably estimated.  Gain contingencies are not recognized in income until they have been realized. 
    
  New Accounting Pronouncements 
    
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," which provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance.  Under ASU 2014-09, an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services.  The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts.  ASU 2014-09, as amended, is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017, or in fiscal 2019 for HEICO.  Early adoption in the year preceding the effective date is permitted.  ASU 2014-09 shall be applied either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying ASU 2014-09 recognized at the date of initial application.  The Company is currently evaluating which transition method it will elect and the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory," which requires entities to measure inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  Under current guidance, inventories are measured at the lower of cost or market.  ASU 2015-11 must be applied prospectively and is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect, if any, the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

66 

     Index  

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, "Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes," which requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet.  ASU 2015-17 may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively and is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  The Company is currently evaluating which transition method it will elect.  The adoption of this guidance will only effect the presentation of deferred taxes in the Company's consolidated statement of financial position. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, "Leases," which requires recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet of lessees.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2018, or in fiscal 2020 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-02 requires a modified retrospective transition approach and provides certain optional transition relief.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, "Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," which simplifies several aspects related to accounting for share-based payment transactions.  Under ASU 2016-09, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies are to be recognized in the statement of operations as a component of income tax expense rather than as capital in excess of par value, and the tax effects will be presented within the statement of cash flows as an operating cash flow rather than as a financing activity.  ASU 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2016, or in fiscal 2018 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  The recognition of the tax effects in the statement of operations, as well as related changes to the computation of diluted earnings per share are to be applied prospectively and entities may elect to apply the change in the presentation of the statement of cash flows either prospectively or retrospectively.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows.  
    
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, "Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments," which clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are to be presented and classified in the statement of cash flows.  ASU 2016-15 provides guidance on eight specific cash flow classification issues including contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, proceeds from corporate-owned life insurance policies and distributions received from equity method investees.  ASU 2016-15 is effective for fiscal years and interim reporting periods within those years beginning after December 15, 2017, or in fiscal 2019 for HEICO.  Early adoption is permitted.  ASU 2016-15 requires a retrospective transition approach for all periods presented.  The Company is currently evaluating the effect the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated statement of cash flows. 

67 

Index  

2.    ACQUISITIONS 
    
  Robertson Acquisition 
    
  On   January 11, 2016  , the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired all of the limited liability company interests of   Robertson Fuel Systems, LLC   ("Robertson").  The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using proceeds from the Company s revolving credit facility.    Robertson designs and produces mission-extending, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft.    The Company believes that this acquisition is consistent with HEICO s practice of acquiring outstanding niche designers and manufacturers of critical components in the defense industry and will further enable the Company to broaden its product offerings, technologies and customer base. 
       
  The following table summarizes the total consideration for the acquisition of Robertson (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the allocation of the total consideration for the acquisition of Robertson to the estimated fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed (in thousands): 

The allocation of the total consideration to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed is preliminary until the Company obtains final information regarding their fair values.  However, the Company does not expect any adjustments to such allocations to be material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.  The primary items that generated the goodwill recognized were the premiums paid by the Company for the future  

68 

     Index  

earnings potential of Robertson and the value of its assembled workforce that do not qualify for separate recognition.  The amortization period of the customer relationships, intellectual property and trade name acquired is   15 years  ,   22 years   and indefinite, respectively.  Acquisition costs associated with the purchase of Robertson totaled   $3.1 million   for fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 and were recorded as a component of SG A expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The operating results of Robertson were included in the Company s results of operations from the effective acquisition date.  The Company's consolidated net sales and net income attributable to HEICO for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2016 includes approximately   $84.1 million   and   $12.3 million  , respectively, from the acquisition of Robertson, exclusive of the aforementioned acquisition costs.  The purchase price of this acquisition was paid in cash using proceeds from the Company's revolving credit facility. 
    
  The following table presents unaudited pro forma financial information for fiscal 2015 as if the acquisition of Robertson had occurred as of November 1, 2014 (in thousands): 

The pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved if the acquisition had taken place as of November 1, 2014.  The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to historical amounts such as additional amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired, increased interest expense associated with borrowing to finance the acquisition, the reclassification of acquisition costs associated with the purchase of Robertson from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015, and inventory purchase accounting adjustments charged to cost of sales as the inventory is sold.  Had the acquisition been consummated as of November 1, 2014, net sales, net income from consolidated operations, net income attributable to HEICO, and basic and diluted net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders on a pro forma basis for fiscal 2016 would not have been materially different than the reported amounts. 

69 

     Index  

Other Acquisitions 
    
  In   December 2015  , the Company, through a subsidiary of HEICO Electronic, acquired certain assets of a company that   designs and manufactures underwater locator beacons used to locate aircraft cockpit voice recorders, flight data recorders, marine ship voyage recorders and other devices which have been submerged under water  .  The total consideration includes an accrual of   $1.2 million   representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration the Company may be obligated to pay in aggregate during the first five years following the acquisition.  The maximum amount of contingent consideration that the Company could be required to pay is   $2.0 million  .  See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information regarding the Company's contingent consideration obligation.  The purchase price of this acquisition was paid using cash provided by operating activities. 
           
  In   August 2015  , the Company, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., acquired all of the stock of   Astroseal Products Mfg. Corporation   ( Astroseal ).    Astroseal manufactures expanded foil mesh, which is integrated into composite aerospace structures for lighting strike protection in fixed and rotary wing aircraft.    
    
  In   August 2015  , the Company, through HEICO Electronic, acquired   80.1%   of the equity of   Midwest Microwave Solutions, Inc.   ( MMS ).    MMS designs, manufactures and sells unique Size, Weight, Power and Cost (SWAP-C) optimized Communications and Electronic Intercept Receivers and Tuners for military and intelligence applications.    The remaining   19.9%   continues to be owned by certain members of MMS  management team (see Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
       
  In   August 2015  , the Company, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., acquired   80.1%   of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of   Aerospace   Commercial Technologies, LLC   ( ACT ).    ACT is a provider of products and services necessary to maintain up-to-date F-16 fighter aircraft operational capabilities.    The remaining   19.9%   continues to be owned by certain members of ACT s management team (see Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 
    
  In   May 2015  , the Company, through a subsidiary of HEICO Flight Support Corp., acquired all of the stock of   Thermal Energy Products, Inc.   ( TEP ).    TEP engineers, designs and manufactures removable/reusable insulation systems for industrial, commercial, aerospace and defense applications.    
    
  In   January 2015  , the Company, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., acquired   80.1%   of the equity of   Harter Aerospace, LLC   ("Harter").    Harter is a globally recognized component and accessory maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) station specializing in commercial aircraft accessories, including thrust reverse actuation systems and pneumatics, and electromechanical components.    The remaining   19.9%   interest continues to be owned by certain members of Harter's management team (see Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information). 

70 

     Index  

In   January 2015  , the Company, through HEICO Flight Support Corp., acquired   80%   of the equity of   Aeroworks International Holding B.V.   ( Aeroworks ).    Aeroworks, which is headquartered in the Netherlands and maintains a significant portion of its production facilities in Thailand and Laos, is a manufacturer of both composite and metal parts used primarily in aircraft interior applications, including seating, galleys, lavatories, doors, and overhead bins.    The remaining   20%   interest continues to be owned by a certain member of Aeroworks' management team (see Note 11, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests, for additional information).  The total consideration includes an accrual representing the estimated fair value of contingent consideration that the Company may be obligated to pay should Aeroworks meet certain earnings objectives during each of the first four years following the acquisition.  See Note 7, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information regarding the Company s contingent consideration obligation. 
    
  In   June 2014  , the Company created a new legal entity, Seal Q Corp., within HEICO Flight Support Corp., which acquired certain assets and liabilities of   Quest Aviation Supply, Inc.   ( Quest Aviation ).    Quest Aviation is a niche supplier of parts to repair thrust reversers on various aircraft engines.    
       
  Unless otherwise noted, the purchase price of each of the above referenced other acquisitions was paid in cash principally using proceeds from the Company's revolving credit facility and is not material or significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
   The following table summarizes the aggregate total consideration for the Company's other acquisitions (in thousands): 

71 

     Index  

The following table summarizes the allocation of the aggregate total consideration for the Company's other acquisitions to the estimated fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed (in thousands):   

During fiscal 2016, the Company recorded certain immaterial measurement period adjustments to the allocation of the total consideration for its fiscal 2015 acquisitions, which are reflected in the table above.  The primary items that generated the goodwill recognized were the premiums paid by the Company for the future earnings potential of the businesses acquired and the value of their assembled workforces that do not qualify for separate recognition, which, in the case of MMS, ACT, Harter and Aeroworks benefit both the Company and the noncontrolling interest holders.  The fair value of the noncontrolling interests in MMS, ACT, Harter and Aeroworks was determined based on the consideration paid by the Company for its controlling ownership interest adjusted for a lack of control that a market participant would consider when estimating the fair value of the noncontrolling interest. 
    
  The operating results of the Company's fiscal 2016 acquisition were included in the Company's results of operations from the effective acquisition date.  The amount of net sales and earnings of the Company's fiscal 2016 acquisition included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations is not material.  Had the fiscal 2016 acquisition been consummated as of November 1, 2014, net sales, net income from consolidated operations, net income attributable to HEICO, and basic and diluted net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders on a pro forma  

72 

     Index  

basis for fiscal 2016 and 2015 would not have been materially different than the reported amounts.  
       
  The operating results of the Company s fiscal 2015 acquisitions were included in the Company s results of operations from each of the effective acquisition dates.  The Company s consolidated net sales and net income attributable to HEICO for fiscal 2015 includes approximately   $62.9 million   and   $7.9 million  , respectively, from the fiscal 2015 acquisitions. 
    
  The following table presents unaudited pro forma financial information for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 as if the Company's fiscal 2015 acquisitions had occurred as of November 1, 2013 (in thousands): 

The pro forma financial information is presented for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that actually would have been achieved if the fiscal 2015 acquisitions had taken place as of November 1, 2013.  The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to historical amounts such as additional amortization expense related to intangible assets acquired, increased interest expense associated with borrowings to finance the acquisitions and inventory purchase accounting adjustments charged to cost of sales as the inventory is sold. 
    
  Additional Purchase Consideration 
    
  During fiscal 2014, the Company made additional purchase consideration payments in cash of   $2.0 million   in aggregate pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreements related to certain prior year acquisitions. 

3.    SELECTED FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION 
    
  Accounts Receivable 

73 

     Index  

Costs and Estimated Earnings on Uncompleted Percentage-of-Completion Contracts 

Changes in estimates pertaining to percentage-of-completion contracts did not have a material effect on net income from consolidated operations in fiscal 2016, 2015 or 2014. 
    
  Inventories 

Contracts in process represents accumulated capitalized costs associated with fixed price contracts.  Related progress billings and customer advances ( billings to date ) are classified as a reduction to contracts in process, if any, and any excess is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities. 

74 

     Index  

Property, Plant and Equipment 

The amounts set forth above include tooling costs having a net book value of   $7.7 million   and   $6.5 million   as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Amortization expense on capitalized tooling was   $2.9 million  ,   $2.4 million   and   $2.4 million   in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.   
    
  The amounts set forth above also include   $4.8 million   and   $3.7 million   of assets under capital leases as of October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively.  Accumulated depreciation associated with the assets under capital leases was   $.9 million   and   $.7 million   as of October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively.  See Note 5, Long-Term Debt, for additional information pertaining to these capital lease obligations. 
    
  Depreciation and amortization expense, exclusive of tooling, on property, plant and equipment was   $20.4 million  ,   $17.8 million   and   $17.1 million   in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. 
    
  Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 

The increase in accrued employee compensation and related payroll taxes principally reflects a higher level of accrued performance-based compensation based on the improved consolidated operating results.  The increase in deferred revenue is primarily attributed to billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings on a fixed price contract for which revenue is being recognized on the percentage-of-completion method and customer deposits received in connection with a contract to provided repair and overhaul services.  The total customer rebates  

75 

     Index  

and credits deducted within net sales in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was   $10.8 million  ,   $4.7 million   and   $8.3 million  , respectively.  The increase in total customer rebates and credits deducted within net sales in fiscal 2016 and the amount of accrued customer rebates and credits principally reflects an increase in the net sales volume of certain customers eligible for rebates.   
    
  Other Long-Term Assets and Liabilities 
    
  The Company provides eligible employees, officers and directors of the Company the opportunity to voluntarily defer base salary, bonus payments, commissions, long-term incentive awards and directors fees, as applicable, on a pre-tax basis through the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan ( LCP ), a nonqualified deferred compensation plan that conforms to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code.  The Company matches   50%   of the first   6%   of base salary deferred by each participant.  Director fees that would otherwise be payable in Company common stock may be deferred into the LCP, and, when distributable, are distributed in actual shares of Company common stock.  The LCP does not provide for diversification of a director s assets allocated to Company common stock.  The deferred compensation obligation associated with Company common stock is recorded as a component of shareholders  equity at cost and subsequent changes in fair value are not reflected in operations or shareholders  equity of the Company.  Further, while the Company has no obligation to do so, the LCP also provides the Company the opportunity to make discretionary contributions.  The Company s matching contributions and any discretionary contributions are subject to vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in the LCP.  Company contributions to the LCP charged to income in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled   $6.8 million  ,   $5.7 million   and   $5.3 million  , respectively.  The aggregate liabilities of the LCP were   $87.9 million   and   $76.2 million   as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and are classified within other long-term liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The assets of the LCP, totaling   $88.5 million   and   $77.1 million   as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are classified within other assets and principally represent cash surrender values of life insurance policies that are held within an irrevocable trust that may be used to satisfy the obligations under the LCP. 
    
  Other long-term liabilities also includes deferred compensation of   $4.7 million   and   $4.5 million   as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, principally related to elective deferrals of salary and bonuses under a Company sponsored non-qualified deferred compensation plan formerly available to selected employees.  The Company makes no contributions to this plan.  The assets of this plan, which equaled the deferred compensation liability as of October 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are held within an irrevocable trust and classified within other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Additional information regarding the assets of this deferred compensation plan and the LCP may be found in Note 7, Fair Value Measurements. 

76 

     Index  

Research and Development Expenses 
    
  The amount of new product research and development ("R D") expenses included in cost of sales is as follows (in thousands): 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
    
    Changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss during fiscal 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands): 

4.    GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
    
  Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during fiscal 2016 and 2015 by operating segment are as follows (in thousands): 

The goodwill acquired during fiscal 2016 and 2015 relates to the acquisitions consummated in those respective years as described in Note 2, Acquisitions, and represents the residual value after the allocation of the total consideration to the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities and noncontrolling interests assumed.  Foreign currency translation adjustments reflect unrealized translation losses on the goodwill recognized in  

77 

     Index  

connection with the acquisition of foreign subsidiaries and are included in other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.  The adjustments to goodwill represent immaterial measurement period adjustments to the purchase price allocation of certain fiscal 2015 acquisitions.  The Company estimates that all of the goodwill acquired in fiscal 2016 and approximately   $60 million   of the goodwill acquired in fiscal 2015 is deductible for income tax purposes.  Based on the annual test for goodwill impairment as of October 31, 2016, the Company determined there is no impairment of its goodwill and the fair value of each of the Company s reporting units significantly exceeded their carrying value. 
    
  Identifiable intangible assets consist of the following (in thousands): 

The increase in the gross carrying amount of customer relationships, intellectual property,  and amortizing and non-amortizing trade names as of October 31, 2016 compared to October 31, 2015 principally relates to such intangible assets recognized in connection with the fiscal 2016 acquisitions (See Note 2, Acquisitions).  
    
  Amortization expense related to intangible assets was   $36.4 million  ,   $27.0 million   and   $27.7 million   in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  Amortization expense for each of the next five fiscal years and thereafter is estimated to be   $36.6 million   in fiscal 2017,   $34.6 million   in fiscal 2018,   $32.4 million   in fiscal 2019,   $29.8 million   in fiscal 2020,   $27.2 million   in fiscal 2021 and   $110.3 million   thereafter. 

78 

Index  

5.    LONG-TERM DEBT 
    
  Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands): 

The Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility mature in fiscal 2019.  As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facility was   1.6%   and   1.3%  , respectively.  The revolving credit facility contains both financial and non-financial covenants.  As of October 31, 2016, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants.   
    
  During fiscal 2015, the Company elected to borrow    32 million   under its revolving credit facility, which allows for borrowings made in foreign currencies up to a   $50 million   sublimit. The funds were used to facilitate a fiscal 2015 acquisition.  As of October 31, 2016, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Company's Euro borrowing was   $35.1 million  . 
    
  Capital Lease Obligations 
    
  A subsidiary of HEICO Electronic is a party to a capital lease for a manufacturing facility and related property in France.  The lease contains a bargain purchase option and has a twelve-year term, which began in fiscal 2011.  Additionally, the subsidiary is a party to certain capital leases, principally for office equipment, with lease terms of approximately five years.  Furthermore, a subsidiary of HEICO Flight Support Corp. entered into a ten-year capital lease for a manufacturing facility during fiscal 2016.  The estimated future minimum lease payments of all capital leases for the next five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands): 

79 

     Index  

Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  In   December 2011  , the Company entered into a   $670 million   Revolving Credit Agreement ( Credit Facility ) with a bank syndicate.  The Credit Facility may be used for working capital and general corporate needs of the Company, including capital expenditures and to finance acquisitions.  In   November 2013  , the Company entered into an amendment to extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility by one year to   December 2018   and to increase the aggregate principal amount to   $800 million  .  Furthermore, the amendment includes a feature that will allow the Company to increase the aggregate principal amount by an additional   $200 million   to become a   $1.0 billion   facility through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. 
    
    Advances under the Credit Facility accrue interest at the Company s choice of the  Base Rate  or the London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) plus the applicable margin (based on the Company s ratio of total funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, noncontrolling interests and non-cash charges, or  leverage ratio ).  The Base Rate is the highest of (i) the Prime Rate; (ii) the Federal Funds rate plus .50% per annum; and (iii) the Adjusted LIBO Rate determined on a daily basis for an Interest Period of one month plus 1.00% per annum, as such capitalized terms are defined in the Credit Facility.    The applicable margin for a LIBOR-based borrowing ranges from   .75%   to   2.25%  .  The applicable margin for a Base Rate borrowing ranges from   0%   to   1.25%  .  A fee is charged on the amount of the unused commitment ranging from   .125%   to   .35%   (depending on the Company s leverage ratio).  The Credit Facility also includes a   $50 million   sublimit for borrowings made in foreign currencies, letters of credit and swingline borrowings.  Outstanding principal, accrued and unpaid interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Facility may be accelerated upon an event of default, as such events are described in the Credit Facility.  The Credit Facility is unsecured and contains covenants that restrict the amount of certain payments, including dividends, and require, among other things, the maintenance of a total leverage ratio, a senior leverage ratio and a fixed charge coverage ratio.  In the event the Company s leverage ratio exceeds a specified level, the Credit Facility would become secured by the capital stock owned in substantially all of the Company s subsidiaries. 

80 

Index  

6.    INCOME TAXES 
    
  The components of income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests are as follows (in thousands): 

The components of the provision for income taxes on income before income taxes and noncontrolling interests are as follows (in thousands): 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

81 

     Index  

The Company's effective tax rate in fiscal 2016 decreased to   31.5%   from   31.7%   in fiscal 2015.  The decrease principally reflects the benefits recognized in fiscal 2016 of a larger income tax credit for qualified R D activities resulting from the permanent extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2015 and a lower effective state tax rate driven by certain apportionment updates recognized upon the amendment of certain prior year tax returns in fiscal 2016.  These decreases were partially offset by the benefits recognized in fiscal 2015 from a prior year tax return amendment for additional foreign tax credits related to R D activities at one of our foreign subsidiaries and higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries structured as partnerships.  
    
  The Company s effective tax rate in fiscal 2015 increased to   31.7%   from   30.1%   in fiscal 2014.  The increase is principally due to the impact of a larger nontaxable reduction in accrued contingent consideration during fiscal 2014 associated with a prior year acquisition acquired by means of a stock transaction and the impact of higher tax-exempt unrealized gains in the cash surrender values of life insurance policies related to the LCP in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2015.  These increases were partially offset by an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2014 that was recognized in the first quarter of fiscal 2015 resulting from the retroactive extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2014 to cover calendar year 2014, the benefit of recognizing additional foreign tax credits related to R D activities at one of the Company's foreign subsidiaries inclusive of amendments to prior year tax returns, and the Company's decision to not make a provision for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of a fiscal 2015 foreign acquisition. 
    
  The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in multiple state jurisdictions.  The Company is also subject to income taxes in certain jurisdictions outside the U.S., none of which are individually material to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Generally, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal, state or foreign examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2012. 
    
  The Company has not made a provision for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed 
  earnings of a fiscal 2015 foreign acquisition as such earnings are considered permanently 
  reinvested outside of the U.S.  The amount of undistributed earnings is not material to the 
  Company's consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.  The Company believes that it is more likely than not that it will generate sufficient future taxable income to utilize all of its deferred tax assets and has therefore not recorded a valuation allowance on any such asset.   

82 

     Index  

Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): 

The net deferred tax liability is classified in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows (in thousands): 

The Company's deferred income tax benefit was   $9.2 million  ,   $7.1 million   and   $16.7 million   in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  The larger deferred income tax benefit recognized in fiscal 2014 is principally due to the impact of impairment losses recorded in fiscal 2014 related to certain intangible assets recognized in connection with a fiscal 2013 acquisition, long-term deferred revenue recognized in fiscal 2014, and the impact from the timing of the extension of the bonus depreciation allowance on new property, plant and equipment that resulted in only two months of such allowance recognized in fiscal 2014.  

83 

     Index  

As of October 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company s liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions was   $1.6 million   and   $.8 million  , respectively, of which   $1.0 million   and   $.5 million  , respectively, would decrease the Company s income tax expense and effective income tax rate if the tax benefits were recognized.  A reconciliation of the activity related to the liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits during fiscal 2016 and 2015 is as follows (in thousands): 

84 

Index  

7.    FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
    
  The Company's assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis are set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy in the following tables (in thousands): 

The Company maintains two non-qualified deferred compensation plans.  The assets of the LCP principally represent cash surrender values of life insurance policies, which derive their fair values from investments in mutual funds that are managed by an insurance company and are classified within Level 2 and valued using a market approach.  Certain other assets of the LCP represent investments in money market funds that are classified within Level 1.  The assets of the Company's other deferred compensation plan are principally invested in equity securities and mutual funds that are classified within Level 1.  The assets of both plans are held within  

85 

     Index  

irrevocable trusts and classified within other assets in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
    
  As part of the agreement to acquire certain assets of a company by the ETG in fiscal 2016, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to   $2.0 million   in aggregate during the five year period following the acquisition.  As of October 31, 2016, the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration was   $1.3 million  . 
    
  As part of the agreement to acquire a subsidiary by the FSG in fiscal 2015, the Company may be obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to    6.1 million   per year, or    24.4 million   in aggregate, should the acquired entity meet certain earnings objectives during each of the first four years following the acquisition.  During fiscal 2016, the Company paid    6.1 million  , or   $7.0 million  , of contingent consideration based on the actual earnings of the acquired entity during the first year following the acquisition.  As of October 31, 2016, the estimated fair value of the remaining contingent consideration was    16.1 million  , or   $17.6 million  . 
    
  As part of the agreement to acquire a subsidiary by the ETG in fiscal 2013, the Company may have been obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to   $20.0 million   had the acquired entity met certain earnings objectives during the last three months of the calendar year of acquisition and may have been obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to   $30.0 million   had the acquired entity met certain earnings objectives during calendar years 2014 and 2015.  In December 2013, the acquired entity incurred unanticipated costs associated with certain contracts for which revenue is recognized on the percentage-of-completion method and as a result, did not meet its calendar 2013 related earnings objectives.  Accordingly, the   $7.0 million   estimated fair value of the contingent consideration accrued as of October 31, 2013 was recorded as a reduction to SG A expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2014.  During fiscal 2014, management revised its earnings estimates due to less favorable projected market conditions during the earnout period for certain of the space products the subsidiary produces.  Accordingly,   $12.5 million   of the   $13.7 million   estimated fair value of the contingent consideration accrued as of October 31, 2013 was recorded as a reduction to SG A expenses in fiscal 2014.  The remaining   $1.2 million   accrued contingent consideration as of October 31, 2014 was recorded as a reduction of SG A expenses in fiscal 2015.  Additionally, the aforementioned market conditions resulted in the Company concluding it had a triggering event requiring assessment of impairment of the subsidiary's intangible assets during fiscal 2014.  Please see below for further information pertaining to the measurement and recognition of impairment losses associated with the intangible assets of this subsidiary. 
    
  As part of the agreement to acquire a subsidiary by the ETG in fiscal 2012, the Company may have been obligated to pay contingent consideration of up to   $14.6 million   in aggregate had the acquired entity met certain earnings objectives during each of the first five years following the anniversary date of the acquisition.  During fiscal 2014, management revised its earnings estimates due to less favorable projected market conditions during the earnout period.  Accordingly, the   $8.6 million   estimated fair value of the contingent consideration accrued as of October 31, 2013 was recorded as a reduction to SG A expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations in fiscal 2014.  Additionally, the aforementioned conditions resulted in  

86 

     Index  

the Company concluding it had a triggering event requiring assessment of impairment of the subsidiary's intangible assets during fiscal 2014.  Please see below for further information pertaining to the measurement and recognition of impairment losses associated with the intangible assets of this subsidiary.  As of October 31, 2016, the Company did not have any contingent consideration accrued pertaining to this acquisition.  
    
  The estimated fair value of the fiscal 2016 and 2015 contingent consideration arrangements described above are classified within Level 3 and were determined using a probability-based scenario analysis approach.  Under this method, a set of discrete potential future subsidiary earnings was determined using internal estimates based on various revenue growth rate assumptions for each scenario.  A probability of likelihood was assigned to each discrete potential future earnings estimate and the resultant contingent consideration was calculated.  The resulting probability-weighted contingent consideration amounts were discounted using a weighted average discount rate reflecting the credit risk of a market participant.  Changes in either the revenue growth rates, related earnings or the discount rate could result in a material change to the amount of contingent consideration accrued and such changes will be recorded in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
    
  The Level 3 inputs used to derive the estimated fair value of the Company's contingent consideration liability as of October 31, 2016 are as follows: 

87 

     Index  

Changes in the Company s contingent consideration liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3) during fiscal 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands): 

The Company recorded the increase in accrued contingent consideration and foreign currency transaction adjustments set forth in the table above within SG A expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations.      
    
  The Company did not have any transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during fiscal 2016 and 2015. 
    
  The carrying amounts of the Company s cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value as of October 31, 2016 due to the relatively short maturity of the respective instruments.  The carrying amount of long-term debt approximates fair value due to its variable interest rates. 
    
  During fiscal 2014, certain customer relationships, non-amortizing trade names and intellectual property within the ETG were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, resulting in the recognition of impairment losses aggregating   $15.0 million  . 

88 

     Index  

The fair values of the Company s nonfinancial assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, which are classified within Level 3, and the related impairment losses recognized in fiscal 2014 are as follows (in thousands): 

The fair values of such customer relationships, non-amortizing trade names and intellectual property were determined using variations of the income approach which apply an asset-specific discount rate to a forecast of asset-specific cash flows.  These methods utilize certain significant unobservable inputs categorized as Level 3.  The Level 3 inputs used to derive the estimated fair values of the customer relationships, non-amortizing trade names and intellectual property during fiscal 2014 are as follows: 

89 

Index  

8.    SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY 
    
  Common Stock and Class A Common Stock 
    
  The Company has two classes of common stock that are virtually identical in all economic respects except voting rights.  Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share.  Each share of Class A Common Stock is entitled to a 1/10 vote per share.  Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to receive dividends and other distributions payable in cash, property, stock or otherwise, when and if declared by the Board of Directors.  In the event of liquidation, after payment of debts and other liabilities of the Company, the remaining assets of the Company will be distributable ratably among the holders of both classes of common stock. 
    
  Share Repurchases 
    
  In 1990, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, which allows the Company to repurchase shares of Company common stock in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions at the Company's discretion, subject to certain restrictions included in the Company's revolving credit agreement.  As of October 31, 2016, the maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this program was   2,501,813   of either or both of the Company's Class A Common Stock and the Company's Common Stock.  The repurchase program does not have a fixed termination date.  During fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company did not repurchase any shares of Company common stock under this program.       
    
  Special and Extraordinary Cash Dividends 
    
  In   January 2014  , the Company paid a special and extraordinary   $.35   per share cash dividend on both classes of HEICO's common stock as well as its regular semi-annual   $.06   per share cash dividend.  The dividends, which aggregated   $27.2 million  , were principally funded from borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facility. 
    
  Noncontrolling Interests 
    
  Consistent with the Company's past practice of increasing its ownership in certain non-wholly-owned subsidiaries, on   February 14, 2014  , HEICO Corporation acquired the   20%   noncontrolling interest held by LHT in four of the Company's existing subsidiaries principally operating in the specialty products and distribution businesses within HEICO Aerospace (the  Transaction ).  Pursuant to the Transaction, HEICO Aerospace paid dividends proportional to the ownership (  80%  /  20%  ) to HEICO and LHT, and HEICO transferred the businesses to HEICO Flight Support Corp.  HEICO did not record any gain or loss in connection with the Transaction.  LHT s dividend of   $67.4 million   was paid in cash, principally using proceeds from the Company s revolving credit facility.  LHT remains a   20%   owner in HEICO Aerospace, a leading producer of PMA parts and component repair and overhaul services. 

90 

Index  

9.    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
    
  The Company may grant various forms of share-based compensation awards including stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock awards and stock appreciation rights through the HEICO Corporation 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan ( 2012 Plan ).  The 2012 Plan became effective in fiscal 2012, the same time the Company's 2002 Stock Option Plan ( 2002 Plan ) expired.  Also, in fiscal 2012, the Company made a decision to no longer issue options under its Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan ( NQSOP ).  Options outstanding under the 2002 Plan and NQSOP may be exercised pursuant to their terms.  The total number of shares approved by the shareholders of the Company for the 2012 Plan is   2.7 million   plus any options outstanding under the 2002 Plan and NQSOP as of the 2012 Plan's effective date that are subsequently forfeited or expire.  A total of approximately   4.3 million   shares of the Company's common stock are reserved for issuance to employees, directors, officers and consultants as of October 31, 2016, including   3.3 million   shares currently under option and   1.0 million   shares available for future grants. 
    
  Stock options granted pursuant to the 2012 Plan may be designated as Common Stock and/or Class A Common Stock in such proportions as shall be determined by the Board of Directors or the Stock Option Plan Committee at its sole discretion.  The exercise price per share of a stock option granted under the 2012 Plan may not be less than the fair market value of the designated class of Company common stock as of the date of grant and stock option grants vest ratably over a period specified as of the date of grant (generally   five   years) and expire   ten   years after the date of grant.  Options issued under the 2012 Plan may be designated as incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options, but only employees are eligible to receive incentive stock options and no incentive stock options were outstanding as of October 31, 2016.  The 2012 Plan will terminate no later than the tenth anniversary of its effective date. 

91 

     Index  

Information concerning share-based activity for each of the last three fiscal years ended October 31 is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

Information concerning stock options outstanding (all of which are vested or expected to vest) and stock options exercisable by class of common stock as of October 31, 2016 is as follows (in thousands, except per share and contractual life data): 

92 

     Index  

Information concerning stock options exercised is as follows (in thousands): 

Net income attributable to HEICO for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 includes compensation expense of   $6.4 million  ,   $5.8 million   and   $6.2 million  , respectively, and an income tax benefit of   $2.4 million  ,   $2.2 million   and   $2.4 million  , respectively, related to the Company s stock options.  Substantially all of the stock option compensation expense was recorded as a component of SG A expenses in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations.  As of October 31, 2016, there was   $14.4 million   of pre-tax unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately   3.2   years.  The total fair value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 was   $5.8 million  ,   $5.5 million   and   $5.9 million  , respectively.  If there were a change in control of the Company, all of the unvested options outstanding as of October 31, 2016 would become immediately exercisable. 
    
  For the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, the excess tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the cumulative compensation cost recognized for stock options exercised was   $.9 million  ,   $1.4 million   and   $.1 million  , respectively, and is presented as a financing activity in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
    
  The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following weighted average assumptions for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014: 

In fiscal 2014, the Company issued   24,982   shares of Class A Common Stock in lieu of cash to satisfy an employee bonus award, which was accrued in fiscal 2013.  Pursuant to the terms of the 2012 Plan, this stock award reduced the share reserve for issuance under the 2012 Plan by   62,455   shares.  

93 

Index  

10.    EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT PLANS 
    
  The HEICO Savings and Investment Plan (the  401(k) Plan ) is a qualified defined contribution retirement plan under which eligible employees of the Company and its participating subsidiaries may make Elective Deferral Contributions up to the limitations set forth in Section 402(g) of the Internal Revenue Code.  The Company generally makes a   25%   or   50%   Employer Matching Contribution, as determined by the Board of Directors, based on a participant s Elective Deferral Contribution up to   6%   of the participant s Compensation for the Elective Deferral Contribution period.  The 401(k) Plan also provides that the Company may make additional Employer Contributions.  Employer Contributions may be contributed in the form of the Company s common stock or cash, as determined by the Company.  Employer Contributions awarded in the form of Company common stock are valued based on the fair value of the underlying shares as of the effective date of contribution.  Employer Contributions may be diversified by a participant into any of the participant-directed investment options of the 401(k) Plan; however, Employee Contributions may not be invested in Company common stock.  Unless specified otherwise, all capitalized terms herein are defined in the 401(k) Plan document. 
    
  Participants receive   100%   vesting in Employee Contributions and on cash dividends received on Company common stock.  Vesting in Employer Contributions is based on a participant s number of Years of Service.  Employer Contributions to the 401(k) Plan charged to income in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 totaled   $7.0 million  ,   $6.1 million   and   $6.3 million  , respectively, and were made through the issuance of new shares of Company common stock and the use of forfeited shares within the 401(k) Plan.  
    
  Information concerning share-based activity pertaining to the 401(k) Plan for each of the last three fiscal years ended October 31 is as follows (in thousands): 

As previously mentioned in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company acquired a frozen qualified defined benefit pension plan in connection with a prior year acquisition.   

94 

     Index  

Changes in the Plan's projected benefit obligation and plan assets during fiscal 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands): 

The   $4.0 million   and   $3.4 million   difference between the projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets as of October 31, 2016 and October 31, 2015, respectively, is included in other long-term liabilities within the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Additionally, the Plan experienced a   $1.1 million   and   $1.2 million   unrealized loss during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively, that was recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) where it is reported net of   ($.4) million   of tax in each year.  The total unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss that has yet to be recognized as a component of net periodic pension income (expense) as of October 31, 2016 is   $2.2 million   (pre-tax), of which the Company expects to recognize less than   $.1 million   during fiscal 2017.    

95 

     Index  

Weighted average assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation are as follows: 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine net pension income are as follows: 

The discount rate used to determine the projected benefit obligation was determined using the results of a bond yield curve model based on a portfolio of high-quality bonds matching expected Plan benefit payments.  The expected return on Plan assets was based upon the target asset allocation and investment return estimates for the Plan's equity and fixed income securities.  In establishing this assumption, the Company considers many factors including both the historical rate of return and projected inflation-adjusted real rate of return on the Plan's various asset classes and the expected working lifetime for Plan participants. 
    
  Components of net pension income that were recorded within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations are as follows (in thousands): 

The Company anticipates making contributions of   $.4 million   to the Plan during fiscal 2017.  Estimated future benefit payments to be made during each of the next five fiscal years and in aggregate during the succeeding five fiscal years are as follows (in thousands): 

96 

     Index  

The fair value of the Plan's assets are set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy in the following tables (in thousands): 

Fixed income securities consist of investments in mutual funds.  Equity securities consist of investments in common stocks, mutual funds and exchange traded funds.   
    
  The Plan's actual and targeted asset allocations by investment category are as follows:   

97 

Index  

11.    REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
    
  The holders of equity interests in certain of the Company s subsidiaries have rights ( Put Rights ) that may be exercised on varying dates causing the Company to purchase their equity interests through fiscal 2025.  The Put Rights, all of which relate either to common shares or membership interests in limited liability companies, provide that the cash consideration to be paid for their equity interests (the  Redemption Amount ) be at fair value or at a formula that management intended to reasonably approximate fair value based solely on a multiple of future earnings over a measurement period.  As of October 31, 2016, management s estimate of the aggregate Redemption Amount of all Put Rights that the Company could be required to pay is approximately   $99.5 million  .  The actual Redemption Amount will likely be different.  The aggregate Redemption Amount of all Put Rights was determined using probability adjusted internal estimates of future earnings of the Company s subsidiaries with Put Rights while considering the earliest exercise date, the measurement period and any applicable fair value adjustments.  The portion of the estimated Redemption Amount as of October 31, 2016 redeemable at fair value is approximately   $85.6 million   and the portion redeemable based solely on a multiple of future earnings is approximately   $13.9 million  . 
    
  A summary of the Put Rights associated with the redeemable noncontrolling interests in certain of the Company s subsidiaries as of October 31, 2016 is as follows; 

The estimated aggregate Redemption Amount of the Put Rights that are currently puttable or becoming puttable during fiscal 2017 is approximately   $28.2 million  , of which approximately  

98 

     Index  

$17.6 million   would be payable in fiscal 2017 should all of the eligible associated noncontrolling interest holders elect to exercise their Put Rights during fiscal 2017.  The estimated Redemption Amount of the remaining Put Rights previously exercised is   $4.0 million  , all of which is payable in fiscal 2017.  Additionally, the Company has call rights to purchase the equity interests of the noncontrolling holders over the same period.   
    
  During fiscal 2016, the holders of a   19.9%   noncontrolling equity interest in a subsidiary of the FSG that was acquired in fiscal 2011 exercised their option to cause the Company to purchase their interests over a two-year period ending in fiscal 2017.  Accordingly, the Company s ownership interest in the subsidiary increased to   90.1%   effective March 2016.  
       
  The   $3.6 million   Redemption Amount for the redeemable noncontrolling interests acquired in fiscal 2016 and the   $1.2 million   Redemption Amount for the redeemable noncontrolling interest acquired in fiscal 2013 that was paid in fiscal 2014 were paid using cash provided by operating activities. 

12.    NET INCOME PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO HEICO SHAREHOLDERS 
    
  The computation of basic and diluted net income per share attributable to HEICO shareholders is as follows (in thousands, except per share data): 

99 

Index  

13.  QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) 

During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company incurred   $3.1 million   of acquisition costs in connection with a fiscal 2016 acquisition.  These expenses, net of tax, decreased net income attributable to HEICO by   $2.0 million  , or   $.03   per basic and diluted share.      
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the Company recognized an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2015 upon the retroactive and permanent extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2015.  The tax credit, net of expenses, increased net income attributable to HEICO by   $1.7 million  , or   $.03   per basic and   $.02   per diluted share. 
    
  During the first quarter of fiscal 2015, the Company recognized an income tax credit for qualified R D activities for the last ten months of fiscal 2014 upon the retroactive extension of the U.S. federal R D tax credit in December 2014 to cover calendar year 2014.  The tax credit, net of expenses, increased net income attributable to HEICO by   $1.8 million  , or   $.03   per basic and diluted share. 
       
  Due to changes in the average number of common shares outstanding, net income per share attributable to HEICO for the full fiscal year may not equal the sum of the four individual quarters. 

100 

Index  

14.    OPERATING SEGMENTS 
    
  The Company has two operating segments: the Flight Support Group ( FSG ), consisting of HEICO Aerospace and HEICO Flight Support Corp. and their collective subsidiaries; and the Electronic Technologies Group ( ETG ), consisting of HEICO Electronic and its subsidiaries. The Company's operating segment reporting structure is consistent with how management reviews the business, makes investing and resource decisions and assesses operating performance.  Additionally, characteristics such as similarity of products, customers, economic characteristics and various other factors are considered when identifying the Company's operating segments.  The FSG designs, manufactures, repairs, overhauls and distributes jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts.  The parts and services are approved by the FAA.  The FSG also manufactures and sells specialty parts as a subcontractor for aerospace and industrial original equipment manufacturers and the U.S. government.  Additionally, the FSG is a leading supplier, distributor, and integrator of military aircraft parts and support services primarily to foreign military organizations allied with the U.S. and is a leading manufacturer of advanced niche components and complex composite assemblies for commercial aviation, defense and space applications.  The ETG designs and manufactures electronic, microwave, and electro-optical equipment and components, three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products, high-speed interface products, high voltage interconnection devices, high voltage advanced power electronics products, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, electromagnetic interference shielding, traveling wave tube amplifiers, harsh environment electronic connectors and other interconnect products, communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems for military rotorcraft, RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers, and satellite microwave modules and integrated subsystems primarily for the aviation, defense, space, medical, telecommunications and electronics industries.  
    
  The Company s reportable operating segments offer distinctive products and services that are marketed through different channels.  They are managed separately because of their unique technology and service requirements. 
    
  Segment Profit or Loss 
       
  The accounting policies of the Company s operating segments are the same as those described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  Management evaluates segment performance based on segment operating income. 

101 

     Index  

Information on the Company s two operating segments, the FSG and the ETG, for each of the last three fiscal years ended October 31 is as follows (in thousands): 

102 

     Index  

The following table summarizes the Company s net sales to external customers by product lines included in each operating segment (in thousands): 

(1)   
    Includes various jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts. 
               (2)   
    Includes primarily the sale of parts consumed in various repair and overhaul services on selected jet engine and aircraft components, avionics, instruments, composites and flight surfaces of commercial and military aircraft. 
               (3)   
    Includes primarily the sale of specialty components to OEMs such as thermal insulation blankets, renewable /reusable insulation systems, advanced niche components, complex composite assemblies, and expanded foil mesh. 
               (4)   
    Includes various component parts such as electro-optical infrared simulation and test equipment, electro-optical laser products, electro-optical, microwave and other power equipment, high-speed interface products, power conversion products, underwater locator beacons, traveling wave tube amplifiers, microwave power modules, three-dimensional microelectronic and stacked memory products, crashworthy and ballistically self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems, RF and microwave amplifiers, transmitters and receivers, and high performance communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners. 
               (5)   
    Includes various component parts such as electromagnetic and radio interference shielding, high voltage interconnection devices, high voltage advanced power electronics, harsh environment connectivity products, and custom molded cable assemblies. 

103 

     Index  

Major Customer and Geographic Information 
    
  The Company markets its products and services in approximately 100 countries.  The following table summarizes the Company s net sales to customers located in the United States and to those in other countries for each of the last three fiscal years ended October 31 (in thousands).  Net sales are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer.  Net sales to any one customer or originating from any one country did not account for 10% or more of the Company s consolidated net sales during any of the last three fiscal years.  The following table also summarizes the Company s long-lived assets held within and outside of the United States as of October 31 of the last three fiscal years (in thousands).  Long-lived assets consist of net property, plant and equipment. 

15.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
    
  Lease Commitments 
    
  The Company leases certain property and equipment, including manufacturing facilities and office equipment under operating leases.  Some of these leases provide the Company with the option after the initial lease term either to purchase the property at the then fair market value or renew the lease at the then fair rental value.  Generally, management expects that leases will be renewed or replaced by other leases in the normal course of business. 

104 

     Index  

Future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases for the next five fiscal years and thereafter are estimated to be as follows (in thousands):   

Total rent expense charged to operations for operating leases in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 amounted to   $14.7 million  ,   $11.9 million   and   $11.2 million  , respectively. 
    
  Guarantees 
    
  As of October 31, 2016, the Company has arranged for standby letters of credit aggregating   $2.4 million  , which are supported by its revolving credit facility.  One letter of credit in the amount of   $1.5 million   is to satisfy the security requirement of the insurance company used by the Company for potential workers' compensation claims and the remainder pertain to performance guarantees related to customer contracts entered into by certain of the Company's subsidiaries.    
    
  Product Warranty 
    
  Changes in the Company s product warranty liability in fiscal 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands):   

Litigation 
    
  The Company is involved in various legal actions arising in the normal course of business.  Based upon the Company s and its legal counsel s evaluations of any claims or assessments, management is of the opinion that the outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

105 

Index  

16.    SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
    
  The following table presents supplemental disclosures of cash flow information and non-cash investing activities for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in thousands): 

Item 9. 
    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
       
  None. 

Item 9A.      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
    
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
    
  The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.  Based upon that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 
    
  Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  Management of HEICO Corporation is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.  Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in  

106 

     Index  

accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)  .  Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective as of October 31, 2016. 
       
  In January 2016, the Company acquired all of the limited liability company interests of Robertson Fuel Systems, LLC ("Robertson").  See Note 2, Acquisitions, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.  As permitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, companies are allowed to exclude acquisitions from their assessment of internal control over financial reporting during the first year of an acquisition and management elected to exclude Robertson from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016.  The assets and net sales of the Robertson acquisition constituted 12.4% and 6.1% of the Company's consolidated total assets and net sales as of and for the year ended October 31, 2016, respectively. 
       
  Deloitte   Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, audited the Company s consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2016.  A copy of their report is included in Item 8,   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Deloitte   Touche LLP has issued their attestation report on management s internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth below. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
    
  There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended October 31, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.     
    
  As described in   Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting,   the Company made an acquisition during fiscal 2016 and is in the process of integrating the acquired company into its overall internal control over financial reporting process. 

107 

     Index  

Attestation Report of the Company's Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
    
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
  HEICO Corporation 
  Hollywood, Florida 
    
  We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of October 31, 2016, based on criteria established in   Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  As described in   Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  , management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Robertson Fuel Systems, LLC ("Robertson"), which was acquired during 2016 and whose financial statements constitute 12.4% of total assets and 6.1% of net sales of the Company's consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended October 31, 2016.  Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting of Robertson.  The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying   Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting  .  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
    
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.  We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
    
  A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company's board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable  

108 

     Index  

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
    
  Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.  Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
    
  In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2016, based on the criteria established in   Internal Control -Integrated Framework (2013)   issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
    
  We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule as of and for the year ended October 31, 2016 of the Company and our report dated December 15, 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements and financial statement schedule. 
    
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
  Certified Public Accountants 
    
  Miami, Florida 
  December 15, 2016 

Item 9B.      OTHER INFORMATION 
    
  None. 

109 

Index  

PART III 
    
  Item 10.      DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
    
  Information concerning the members of the Board of Directors of the Company, including the Finance/Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, the independence of its members and the "audit committee financial expert" as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission"), as well as information concerning other corporate governance matters and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2016. 
    
  Information concerning the Executive Officers of the Company is set forth in Item 1 of Part I hereof under the caption  Executive Officers of the Registrant.  
    
  The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and persons performing similar functions.  The code of ethics is located on the Company s Internet website at http://www.heico.com.  Any amendments to or waivers from a provision of this code of ethics will be posted on the Company s website. 

Item 11.      EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
    
  Information concerning executive compensation is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2016. 

110 

Index  

Item 12. 
    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
       
  Information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2016. 
    
  Equity Compensation Plan Information 
    
    The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of October 31, 2016 (in thousands, except per share data): 
                                   Plan Category 
      
    Number of Securities 
  to be Issued Upon 
  Exercise of 
  Outstanding Options, 
  Warrants and Rights 
  (a) 
      
    Weighted-Average 
  Exercise Price of 
  Outstanding Options, 
  Warrants and Rights 
  (b) 
      
    Number of Securities 
  Remaining Available for 
  Future Issuance Under 
  Equity Compensation 
  Plans (Excluding 
  Securities Reflected in 
  Column (a)) 
  (c) 
      Equity compensation plans approved by security holders    (1)  
      
    3,338 

$27.79 

1,032 
      
      Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders  

Total 
      
    3,338 

$27.79 

1,032 

__________________ 
    
           (1) 
    Represents aggregated information pertaining to our three equity compensation plans:  the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan, the 2002 Stock Option Plan and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan.  See Note 9, Share-Based Compensation, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding these plans. 

Item 13. 
    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
       
  Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2016. 

Item 14.      PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
    
  Information concerning fees and services by the principal accountant is hereby incorporated by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission within 120 days after the close of fiscal 2016. 

111 

Index  

PART IV 
    
  Item 15.    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
    
  (a)(1)    Financial Statements 
  The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and subsidiaries are included in Part II, Item 8: 

(a)(2)    Financial Statement Schedules 
  The following financial statement schedule of the Company and subsidiaries is included herein: 

Schedule II   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
       
  All other schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto presented in Part II, Item 8. 
  (a)(3)    Exhibits 
                   Exhibit 
      
    Description 

2.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of March 22, 1993, by and among HEICO Corporation, HEICO Industries, Corp. and New HEICO, Inc. is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 33-57624) Amendment No. 1 filed on March 19, 1993.* 

3.1 
      
    Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Registration No. 33-57624) Amendment No. 1 filed on March 19, 1993.* 

3.2 
      
    Articles of Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated April 27, 1993, are incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-B dated April 29, 1993.* 

112 

     Index  

113 

     Index  

Exhibit 
      
    Description 

10.9 
      
    Shareholders Agreement, dated October 30, 1997, by and between HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp., HEICO Aerospace Corporation and all of the shareholders of HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. and Lufthansa Technik AG is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K/A for the year ended October 31, 1997.* 

10.10 
      
    Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2011, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and Bank of America, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents, PNC Bank, National Association, as Documentation Agent and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2011.* 

10.11 
      
    First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 11, 2012, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2012.*   

10.12 
      
    Second Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of December 11, 2012, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2012.*   

10.13 
      
    Third Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of February 22, 2013, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2013.*   

10.14 
      
    Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement, effective as of November 22, 2013, among HEICO Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party hereto and SunTrust Bank, as Administrative Agent, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2013.*   

10.15 
      
    Interest Purchase Agreement by and among ASP-Robertson LLC, Robertson Fuel Systems, L.L.C., and HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp., dated as of December 18, 2015, is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2016.* 

21 
      
    Subsidiaries of HEICO Corporation.** 

23 
      
    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.** 

31.1 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer.** 

31.2 
      
    Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer.** 

32.1 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer.*** 

32.2 
      
    Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer.*** 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document.** 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.** 

114 

     Index  

Exhibit 
      
    Description 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.** 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.** 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.** 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.** 

# 
    Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit. 
      * 
    Previously filed. 
      ** 
    Filed herewith. 
      *** 
    Furnished herewith. 

HEICO CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  SCHEDULE II   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 

(a) 
    Principally additions from acquisitions and foreign currency translation adjustments. 
              (b) 
    Principally write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable, net of recoveries. 

(a) 
    Principally additions from acquisitions and foreign currency translation adjustments. 
              (b) 
    Principally write-offs of slow-moving, obsolete or damaged inventory. 

115 

Index  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HEICO CORPORATION 

Date: 
    December 15, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. 

Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 
  Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

By: 
    /s/ STEVEN M. WALKER 

Steven M. Walker 
  Chief Accounting Officer  
  and Assistant Treasurer 
  (Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
                       Name 
      
    Position(s) 
      
    Date 

/s/ LAURANS A. MENDELSON 
      
    Chairman of the Board; Chief Executive Officer; and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Laurans A. Mendelson 

/s/ THOMAS M. CULLIGAN 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Thomas M. Culligan 

/s/ ADOLFO HENRIQUES 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Adolfo Henriques 

/s/ MARK H. HILDEBRANDT 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Mark H. Hildebrandt 

/s/ WOLFGANG MAYRHUBER 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Wolfgang Mayrhuber 

/s/ ERIC A. MENDELSON 
      
    Co-President and Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Eric A. Mendelson 

/s/ VICTOR H. MENDELSON 
      
    Co-President and Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Victor H. Mendelson 

/s/ JULIE NEITZEL 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Julie Neitzel 

116 

     Index  

Name 
      
    Position(s) 
      
    Date 

/s/ ALAN SCHRIESHEIM 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Alan Schriesheim 

/s/ FRANK J. SCHWITTER 
      
    Director 
      
    December 15, 2016 
      Frank J. Schwitter 

117 

     Index  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

118 

<EX-10.7>
 2
 fy201610kexhibit107.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 10.7 
    
  HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Effective October 1, 2006; (As Re-amended and Restated, effective January 1, 2017) 

HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  Page 

-i- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

-ii- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

-iii- 

HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Purpose 
  The purpose of the HEICO Corporation Leadership Compensation Plan is to provide specified benefits to Directors and a select group of management or highly compensated Employees who contribute materially to the continued growth, development and future business success of HEICO Corporation, a Florida corporation, and its subsidiaries, if any, that sponsor this Plan.  This Plan shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of ERISA.  This Plan is also intended to comply with all applicable law, including Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, and shall be operated and interpreted in accordance with this intention. 
    
  ARTICLE 1 
  Definitions 
  For the purposes of this Plan, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context, the following phrases or terms shall have the following indicated meanings: 
           1.1 
       Account Balance    shall mean, with respect to a Participant, an entry on the records of the Employer equal to the sum of the Participant s Annual Accounts.  The Account Balance shall be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan.  
              1.2 
       Annual Account    shall mean, with respect to a Participant, an entry on the records of the Employer equal to the following amount: (i) the sum of the Participant s Annual Deferral Amount, Company Contribution Amount and Company Matching Amount for any one Plan Year or Fiscal Year, as applicable, plus (ii) amounts credited or debited to such amounts pursuant to this Plan, less (iii) all distributions made to the Participant or his or her Beneficiary pursuant to this Plan that relate to the Annual Account for such Plan Year.  The Annual Account shall be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized solely as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be paid to a Participant, or his or her designated Beneficiary, pursuant to this Plan. 
              1.3 
       Annual Deferral Amount    shall mean (i) that portion of a Participant s Base Salary and other compensation that does not qualify as Fiscal Year Compensation that a Participant defers in accordance with Article 3 for any one Plan Year, without regard to whether such amounts are withheld and credited during such Plan Year, and (ii) that portion of the Participant s compensation that qualifies as Fiscal Year Compensation that a Participant defers in accordance with Article 3 for any Fiscal Year, without regard to whether such amounts are withheld and credited during such Fiscal Year.  In the event of a Participant s Disability or death prior to the end of a Plan Year, such year s Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount withheld prior to that event.   
              1.4 
       Annual Installment Method    shall be an annual installment payment over the number of years selected by the Participant     in accordance with this Plan, calculated as follows: (i) for the first annual installment, the vested portion of each Annual Account shall be calculated as of the close of business  

-1- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

on or around     the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion,     and (ii) for remaining annual installments, the vested portion of each applicable Annual Account shall be calculated on every anniversary of such calculation date, as applicable.  Each annual installment shall be calculated by multiplying this balance by a fraction, the numerator of which is one and the denominator of which is the remaining number of annual payments due to the Participant.  By way of example, if the Participant elects a ten (10) year Annual Installment Method as the form of Retirement Benefit for an Annual Account, the first payment shall be 1/10 of the vested balance of such Annual Account, calculated as described in this definition.  The following year, the payment shall be 1/9 of the vested balance of such Annual Account, calculated as described in this definition.   
           1.5 
       Base Salary    shall mean the annual cash compensation relating to services performed during any Plan Year, excluding distributions from nonqualified deferred compensation plans, bonuses, commissions, overtime, fringe benefits, stock options, relocation expenses, incentive payments, non-monetary awards, director fees and other fees, and automobile and other allowances paid to a Participant for employment services rendered (whether or not such allowances are included in the Employee s gross income).  Base Salary shall be calculated before reduction for compensation voluntarily deferred or contributed by the Participant pursuant to all qualified or nonqualified plans of any Employer and shall be calculated to include amounts not otherwise included in the Participant s gross income under Code Sections 125, 402(e)(3), 402(h), or 403(b) pursuant to plans established by any Employer; provided, however, that all such amounts will be included in compensation only to the extent that had there been no such plan, the amount would have been payable in cash to the Employee. 
              1.6 
       Beneficiary    shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or other entities, designated in accordance with Article 10, that are entitled to receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a Participant. 
              1.7 
       Beneficiary Designation Form    shall mean the form established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries. 
              1.8 
       Benefit Distribution Date    shall mean a date that triggers distribution of a Participant s vested benefits.  A Benefit Distribution Date for a Participant shall be determined upon the occurrence of any one of the following: 
              (a) 
    If the Participant Retires, the Benefit Distribution Date for his or her vested Account Balance shall be the last day of the six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant Retires; provided, however, in the event the Participant changes the Retirement Benefit election for one or more Annual Accounts in accordance with Section 6.2(b), the Benefit Distribution Date for such Annual Account(s) shall be postponed in accordance with such section 6.2(b); or    

-2- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

(b) 
    If the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment, the Benefit Distribution Date for his or her vested Account Balance shall be the last day of the six-month period immediately following the date on which the Participant experiences a Termination of Employment; or    
              (c) 
    If the Participant dies prior to the complete distribution of his or her vested Account Balance, the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date designated by the Committee that occurs during the period beginning on the date of the Participant s death and ending on December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Participant s death occurs; or 
              (d) 
    If the Participant becomes Disabled, the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date on which the Participant becomes Disabled; or 
              (e) 
    If (i) a Change in Control occurs prior to the Participant s Termination of Employment, Retirement, death or Disability, and (ii) the Participant has elected to receive a Change in Control Benefit, as set forth in Section 5.1 below, the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date shall be the date on which the Company experiences a Change in Control, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.  
              1.9 
       Board    shall mean the board of directors of the Company. 
              1.10 
       Bonus    shall mean any compensation, in addition to Base Salary, Commissions and LTIP Amounts, earned by a Participant for services rendered during a Plan Year or Fiscal Year, as applicable, under any Employer s annual bonus and cash incentive plans. 
              1.11 
       Change in Control    shall mean any  change in control event  with respect to the Company as defined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 
              1.12 
       Change in Control Benefit    shall have the meaning set forth in Article 5.  
               1.14 
       Code    shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time. 
              1.15 
       Commissions    shall mean the cash commissions earned by a Participant from any Employer for services rendered during a Plan Year, excluding Bonus, LTIP Amounts or other additional incentives or awards earned by the Participant. 
              1.16 
       Committee    shall mean the committee described in Article 13. 
              1.17 
       Company    shall mean HEICO Corporation, a Florida corporation, and any successor to all or substantially all of the Company s assets or business. 

-3- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

1.18 
       Company Contribution Amount    shall mean, for any one Fiscal Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.5.   
              1.19 
       Company Matching Amount    shall mean, for any one Plan Year, the amount determined in accordance with Section 3.6.   
              1.20 
       Death Benefit    shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 9. 
              1.21 
       Director    shall mean any member of the board of directors of any Employer. 
              1.22 
       Director Fees    shall mean the annual fees earned by a Director from any Employer, including retainer fees and meetings fees, as compensation for serving on the board of directors. 
              1.23 
       Disability    or    Disabled    shall mean that a Participant is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident or health plan covering employees of the Participant s Employer.  For purposes of this Plan, a Participant shall be deemed Disabled if determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration, or if determined to be disabled in accordance with the applicable disability insurance program of such Participant s Employer, provided that the definition of  disability  applied under such disability insurance program complies with the requirements in the preceding sentence. 
              1.24 
       Disability Benefit    shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 8. 
              1.25 
       Election Form    shall mean the form, which may be in electronic format, established from time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the Committee to make an election under the Plan. 
              1.26 
       Employee    shall mean a person who is an employee of any Employer. 
              1.27 
       Employer(s)    shall mean the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries (now in existence or hereafter formed or acquired) that have been selected by the Board to participate in the Plan and have adopted the Plan as a sponsor. 
              1.28 
       ERISA    shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time. 
               1.30 
       Fiscal Year    shall mean the taxable year of the Employer, beginning on November 1 of each year and continuing through October 31 of the following year.  

-4- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

1.31 
       Fiscal Year Compensation    shall mean compensation relating to a period of service co-extensive with one or more consecutive Fiscal Years, of which no amount is paid or payable during the Fiscal Year or Years constituting the period of service, or which otherwise qualifies as  fiscal year compensation  under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(a)(6). 
              1.32 
       401(k) Plan    shall mean, with respect to an Employer, a plan qualified under Code Section 401(a) that contains a cash or deferral arrangement described in Code Section 401(k), adopted by the Employer, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor thereto. 
              1.33 
       LTIP Amounts    shall mean any portion of the compensation that is earned by a Participant as an Employee under any Employer s long-term incentive compensation plan or any other long-term incentive arrangement designated by the Committee. 
              1.34 
       Participant    shall mean any Employee or Director (i) who is selected to participate in the Plan, (ii) who submits an executed Plan Agreement, Election Form and Beneficiary Designation Form, which are accepted by the Committee, and (iii) whose Plan Agreement has not terminated.   
              1.35 
       Plan    shall mean the HEICO Leadership Compensation Plan, which shall be evidenced by this instrument and by each Plan Agreement, as they may be amended from time to time. 
              1.36 
       Plan Agreement    shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended from time to time, which is entered into by and between an Employer and a Participant.  Each Plan Agreement executed by a Participant and the Participant s Employer shall provide for the entire benefit to which such Participant is entitled under the Plan; should there be more than one Plan Agreement, the Plan Agreement bearing the latest date of acceptance by the Employer shall supersede all previous Plan Agreements in their entirety and shall govern such entitlement.  The terms of any Plan Agreement may be different for any Participant, and any Plan Agreement may provide additional benefits not set forth in the Plan or limit the benefits otherwise provided under the Plan; provided, however, that any such additional benefits or benefit limitations must be agreed to by both the Employer and the Participant. 
              1.37 
       Plan Year    shall, except for the First Plan Year, mean the period beginning on January 1 of each year and continuing through December 31 of the same year.  
              1.38 
       Retirement   ,    Retire(s)    or    Retired    shall mean, with respect to an Employee, a Separation from Service with all Employers for any reason other than death or Disability, as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, on or after the earlier of the attainment of (a) age sixty-five (65) or (b) age fifty-five (55) with ten (10) Years of Service; and shall mean with respect to a Director who is not an Employee, Separation from Service as a Director.  If a Participant is both an Employee and a Director, and does not have benefits under this Plan (or a plan required to  be aggregated with this Plan) for services both as an Employee and a Director, the services provided as a Director are not taken into consideration in determining if the Participant has a Separation from Service as an Employee hereunder and the services as an Employee  

-5- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

are not taken into consideration for purposes of determining if the Director has as Separation of Service as a Director.   
           1.39 
       Retirement Benefit    shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 6. 
              1.40 
       Scheduled Distribution    shall mean the distribution set forth in Section 4.1. 
              1.41 
       Separation from Service    shall have the meaning set forth in Code Section 409A(a)(2) and the regulations issued pursuant thereto. 
              1.42 
       Stock    shall mean HEICO Corporation common stock, $.01 par value, or any other equity securities designated by the Committee. 
              1.43 
       Terminate the Plan   ,    Termination of the Plan    shall mean a determination by an Employer s board of directors that (i) all of its Participants shall no longer be eligible to participate in the Plan, (ii) no new deferral elections for such Participants shall be permitted, and (iii) such Participants shall no longer be eligible to be credited with any contributions under this Plan. 
              1.44 
       Termination Benefit    shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 7. 
              1.45 
       Termination of Employment    shall mean the Separation from Service, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than Retirement, Disability or death, as determined in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations.  If a Participant is both an Employee and a Director and does not have benefits under this Plan (or a plan required to be aggregated with this Plan) for services both as an Employee and a Director, the services provided as a Director are not taken into consideration in determining if the Participant has a Termination of Employment as an Employee hereunder and the services as an Employee are not taken into consideration for purposes of determining if the Director has as Termination of Employment as a Director. 
              1.46 
       Trust    shall mean one or more trusts established by the Company in accordance with Article 16.  
              1.47 
       Unforeseeable Emergency    shall mean a severe financial hardship of the Participant resulting from (i) an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, or the Participant s dependent (as defined in Code Section 152(a)), (ii) a loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or (iii) such other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 
              1.48 
       Years of Service    shall mean the total number of full years in which a Participant has been employed by one or more Employers.  For purposes of this definition, a year of employment shall be a 365 day period (or 366 day period in the case of a leap year) that, for the first year of employment, commences on the Employee s date of hiring and that, for any subsequent year, commences on an anniversary of that hiring date.  The Committee shall make a determination as to whether any partial year of employment shall be counted as a Year of Service. 

-6- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

ARTICLE 2 
  Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility 
           2.1 
    Selection by Committee  .  Participation in the Plan shall be limited to Directors and, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, a select group of management or highly compensated Employees.  From that group, the Committee shall select, in its sole discretion, those individuals who may actually participate in this Plan. 
              2.2 
    Enrollment and Eligibility Requirements; Commencement of Participation  .   
              (a) 
    As a condition to participation, each Director or selected Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan effective as of the first day of a Plan Year shall complete, execute and return to the Committee a Plan Agreement, an Election Form and a Beneficiary Designation Form, prior to the first day of such Plan Year, or such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion.  In addition, the Committee shall establish from time to time such other enrollment requirements as it determines, in its sole discretion, are necessary.  With respect to the First Plan Year, each Director or selected Employee must complete these requirements within thirty (30) days of the date on which such Director or Employee becomes eligible to participate in the Plan.  Except as provided in Section 2.2(b) below, with respect to any Plan Year after the First Plan Year, each Director or selected Employee must complete these requirements prior to the first day of such Plan Year, or such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee in its sole discretion.           
              (b) 
    To the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, a Director or selected Employee who first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan after the first day of a Plan Year must complete, execute and return to the Committee a Plan Agreement, an Election Form, and a Beneficiary Designation Form within thirty (30) days after he or she first becomes eligible to participate in the Plan, or within such other earlier deadline as may be established by the Committee, in its sole discretion, in order to participate for that Plan Year.  In such event, such person s participation in this Plan shall not commence earlier than the date determined by the Committee pursuant to Section 2.2(c) and such person shall not be permitted to defer under this Plan any portion of his or her Base Salary, Bonus, LTIP Amounts, Commissions and/or Director Fees that are paid with respect to services performed prior to his or her participation commencement date, except to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.   
              (c) 
    Each Director or selected Employee who is eligible to participate in the Plan shall commence participation in the Plan on the date that the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that the Director or Employee has met all enrollment requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee, including returning all required documents to the Committee within the specified time period.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall process such Participant s deferral election as soon as administratively practicable after such deferral election is submitted to and accepted by the Committee.   

-7- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

(d) 
    If a Director or an Employee fails to meet all requirements contained in this Section 2.2 within the period required, that Director or Employee shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan during such Plan Year. 
     ARTICLE 3 
  Deferral Commitments/Company Contribution Amounts/ Company Matching Amounts/ Vesting/Crediting/Taxes 
           3.1 
    Minimum Deferrals  . For each Plan Year, or Fiscal Year, as applicable depending upon the service period to which such compensation relates, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, LTIP Amounts and/or Director Fees in the following minimum amounts for each deferral elected: 
                    Deferral 
    Minimum Amount 
      Base Salary 
    3% 
      Bonus, Commissions and/or LTIP Amounts 
    $0 
      Director Fees 
    $0 

If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, prior to the beginning of a Plan Year, or Fiscal Year, as applicable depending upon the service period to which such compensation relates, that a Participant has made an election for less than the stated minimum amounts, or if no election is made, the amount deferred shall be zero.   
            (a) 
    Annual Deferral Amount  .  For each Plan Year, or Fiscal Year, as applicable depending upon the service period to which such compensation relates, a Participant may elect to defer, as his or her Annual Deferral Amount, Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, LTIP Amounts and/or Director Fees up to the following maximum percentages for each deferral elected: 

-8- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

(b) 
    Short Plan Year  .  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant first becomes a Participant after the first day of a Plan Year, or Fiscal Year, as applicable depending upon the service period to which such compensation relates, the maximum Annual Deferral Amount shall be limited to the amount of compensation not yet earned by the Participant as of the date the Participant submits a Plan Agreement and Election Form to the Committee for acceptance, except to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.  For compensation that is earned based upon a specified performance period, the Participant s deferral election will apply to the portion of such compensation that is equal to (i) the total amount of compensation for the performance period, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days remaining in the service period after the Participant s deferral election is made, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the performance period.  
              3.3 
    Election to Defer; Effect of Election Form  . 
              (a) 
    Initial Participation  .  In connection with a Participant s commencement of participation in the Plan, the Participant shall make an irrevocable election to defer Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, Director Fees and LTIP Amounts for the Plan Year, or Fiscal Year, as applicable depending upon the service period to which such compensation relates, in which the Participant commences participation in the Plan, along with such other elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under the Plan.  For these elections to be valid, the Election Form must be completed and signed by the Participant, timely delivered to the Committee (in accordance with Section 2.2 above) and accepted by the Committee.  
              (b) 
    Deferral Elections  .  A Participant may elect to defer Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, Director Fees, and LTIP Amounts (but no other form of compensation), and make such other elections as the Committee deems necessary or desirable under the Plan by timely delivering a new Election Form to the Committee, in accordance with its rules and procedures, on or before each October 31.  The Participant s deferral elections would apply to (i) deferrable compensation that qualifies as Fiscal Year Compensation earned for services rendered during the Fiscal Year that begins on the November 1 immediately following the date on which the election is made, and (ii) Base Salary and other deferrable compensation that does not qualify as Fiscal Year Compensation that is earned for services rendered during one or more Plan Years following the calendar year in which the election is made.  For purposes of this Section 3.3(b), the timing of the deferral election with respect to deferrable compensation that does not qualify as Fiscal Year Compensation because it relates to a period of service of less than one taxable year of the Employer, must be made on or before each October 31 of the calendar year immediately preceding the Plan Year in which the service period begins for compensation being deferred. 
     Any deferral election(s) made in accordance with this Section 3.3(b) shall become irrevocable unless modified or revoked on or before the October 31 by which the election must be made to be effective with respect to the compensation subject to the election; provided, however, that if the Committee requires Participants to make a deferral election  

-9- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

for  performance-based compensation  by the deadline(s) described above, it may, in its sole discretion, and in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, permit a Participant to subsequently change his or her deferral election for such compensation by submitting an Election Form to the Committee no later than the deadline established by the Committee pursuant to Section 3.3(c) below. 
           (c) 
    Performance-Based Compensation  .   Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that an irrevocable deferral election pertaining to  performance-based compensation  based on services performed over a period of at least twelve (12) months, may be made by timely delivering an Election Form to the Committee, in accordance with its rules and procedures, no later than six (6) months before the end of the performance service period.   Performance-based compensation  shall be compensation, the payment or amount of which is contingent on pre-established organizational or individual performance criteria, which satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.  In order to be eligible to make a deferral election for performance-based compensation, a Participant must perform services continuously from a date no later than the date upon which the performance criteria for such compensation are established through the date upon which the Participant makes a deferral election for such compensation.  In no event shall an election to defer performance-based compensation be permitted after such compensation has become both substantially certain to be paid and readily ascertainable. 
              (d) 
    Compensation Subject to Risk of Forfeiture.    With respect to compensation (i) to which a Participant has a legally binding right to payment in a subsequent year, and (ii) that is subject to a forfeiture condition requiring the Participant s continued services for a period of at least twelve (12) months from the date the Participant obtains the legally binding right, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that an irrevocable deferral election for such compensation may be made by timely delivering an Election Form to the Committee in accordance with its rules and procedures, no later than the 30   th    day after the Participant obtains the legally binding right to the compensation, provided that the election is made at least twelve (12) months in advance of the earliest date at which the forfeiture condition could lapse. 
              3.4 
    Withholding and Crediting of Annual Deferral Amounts  .  For each Plan Year, the Base Salary portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld from each regularly scheduled Base Salary payroll in equal amounts, as adjusted from time to time for increases and decreases in Base Salary.  The Bonus, Commissions, LTIP Amounts and/or Director Fees portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld at the time the Bonus, Commissions, LTIP Amounts or Director Fees are or otherwise would be paid to the Participant, whether or not this occurs during the Plan Year itself.  Annual Deferral Amounts shall be credited to the Participant s Annual Account for such Plan Year at the time such amounts would otherwise have been paid to the Participant. 

-10- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

3.5 
    Company Contribution Amount  . 
              (a) 
    For each Fiscal Year, an Employer may be required to credit amounts to a Participant s Annual Account in accordance with employment or other agreements entered into between the Participant and the Employer, which amounts shall be part of the Participant s Company Contribution Amount for that Fiscal Year.  Such amounts shall be credited to the Participant s Annual Account for the applicable Fiscal Year on the date or dates prescribed by such agreements.   
              (b) 
    For each Fiscal Year, an Employer, in its sole discretion, may, but is not required to, credit any amount it desires to any Participant s Annual Account under this Plan, which amount shall be part of the Participant s Company Contribution Amount for that Fiscal Year.  The amount so credited to a Participant may be smaller or larger than the amount credited to any other Participant, and the amount credited to any Participant for a Fiscal Year may be zero, even though one or more other Participants receive a Company Contribution Amount for that Fiscal Year.  The Company Contribution Amount described in this Section 3.5(b), if any, shall be credited to the Participant s Annual Account for the applicable Fiscal Year on a date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
              3.6 
    Company Matching Amount  .  A Participant s Company Matching Amount for any Plan Year shall be equal to 50% of the first 6% of Base Salary deferred for such Plan Year, unless otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.  The Participant s Company Matching Amount, if any, shall be credited to the Participant s Annual Account for the applicable Plan Year on a date or dates to be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
              3.7 
    Crediting of Amounts after Benefit Distribution  .  Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, should the complete distribution of a Participant s vested Account Balance occur prior to the date on which any portion of (i) the Annual Deferral Amount that a Participant has elected to defer in accordance with Section 3.3, (ii) the Company Contribution Amount, or (iii) the Company Matching Amount, would otherwise be credited to the Participant s Account Balance, such amounts shall be credited to the Participant s Account Balance, and distributed in accordance with the form and time of distribution that is applicable to the amount so credited (and to the extent the time of distribution has occurred, within 60 days of the date of such crediting).  
               (a) 
    A Participant shall at all times be 100% vested in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to his or her deferrals of Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions, LTIP Amounts and Director s Fees as adjusted for amounts credited or debited on such amounts (pursuant to Section 3.9).   
              (b) 
    A Participant shall be vested in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Contribution Amount, adjusted for amounts credited or debited on such amounts, in accordance with vesting schedule(s) set forth below based on the number of full Fiscal  

-11- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Years following the Fiscal Year to which the contribution relates.  However, on or prior to the date on which a Participant is awarded a Company Contribution Amount for a Fiscal Year, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may designate a different vesting schedule in lieu of the schedule described below that will apply to such Company Contribution Amount.  Unless otherwise declared by the Committee, a new vesting schedule shall apply to each Company Contribution Amount. 

(c) 
    A Participant shall be vested in the portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Matching Amounts, adjusted for amounts credited or debited on such amounts (pursuant to Section 3.9), only to the extent that the Participant would be vested in such amounts, if any, under the provisions of the 401(k) Plan applicable to the vesting of matching contributions, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
              (d) 
    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.8, in the event of a Change in Control, or upon a Participant s Retirement, death while employed by an Employer, or Disability, any amounts that are not vested in accordance with Sections 3.8(b) or 3.8(c) above, shall immediately become 100% vested (if it is not already vested in accordance with the above vesting schedules).     
              (e) 
    Notwithstanding subsection 3.8(d) above, the vesting schedules described in Sections 3.8(b) and 3.8(c) shall not be accelerated upon a Change in Control to the extent that the Committee determines that such acceleration would cause the deduction limitations of Section 280G of the Code to become effective, but only if and to the extent that not accelerating the vesting would result in the net after-tax value (taking into account any tax imposed by Code Section 4999) of any compensation that is payable by the Company to the Participant that is treated as a  parachute payment  under Code Section 280G being greater by not accelerating such vesting than the net-after tax value of that compensation would be if the vesting schedule was accelerated.  In the event of such a determination, the Participant may request independent verification of the Committee s calculations with respect to the application of Section 280G.  In such case, the Committee must provide to the Participant within ninety (90) days of such a request an opinion from a nationally recognized accounting firm selected by the Participant (the  Accounting Firm ).  The opinion shall state the Accounting Firm s opinion that any limitation in the vested percentage  

-12- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

hereunder is necessary to avoid the limits of Section 280G and contain supporting calculations.  The cost of such opinion shall be paid for by the Company.    
           (f) 
    Section 3.8(e) shall not prevent the acceleration of the vesting schedules described in Sections 3.8(b) and 3.8(c) if such Participant is entitled to a  gross-up  payment, to eliminate the effect of the Code section 4999 excise tax, pursuant to his or her employment agreement or other agreement entered into between such Participant and the Employer. 
              3.9 
    Crediting/Debiting of Account Balances  .  In accordance with, and subject to, the rules and procedures that are established from time to time by the Committee, in its sole discretion, amounts shall be credited or debited to a Participant s Account Balance in accordance with the following rules: 
              (a) 
    Measurement Funds  .  Subject to the restrictions found in Section 3.9(d) below, the Participant may elect one or more of the measurement funds selected by the Committee, in its sole discretion, which are based on certain mutual funds (the  Measurement Funds ), for the purpose of crediting or debiting additional amounts to his or her Account Balance.  As necessary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, discontinue, substitute or add a Measurement Fund.  Each such action will take effect as of the first day of the first calendar quarter that begins at least thirty (30) days after the day on which the Committee gives Participants advance written notice of such change.   
              (b) 
    Election of Measurement Funds  .  Subject to the restrictions found in Section 3.9(d)     below, a Participant, in connection with his or her deferral election in accordance with Sections 3.3(a) and 3.3(b) above, shall elect, on the Election Form, one or more Measurement Fund(s) (as described in Section 3.9(a) above) to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to his or her Account Balance.  If a Participant does not elect any of the Measurement Funds as described in the previous sentence, the Participant s Account Balance shall automatically be allocated into the lowest-risk Measurement Fund, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion.  Subject to the restrictions found in Section 3.9(d)     below, the Participant may (but is not required to) elect, by submitting an Election Form to the Committee that is accepted by the Committee, to add or delete one or more Measurement Fund(s) to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to his or her Account Balance, or to change the portion of his or her Account Balance allocated to each previously or newly elected Measurement Fund.  If an election is made in accordance with the previous sentence, it shall apply as of the first business day deemed reasonably practicable by the Committee, in its sole discretion, and shall continue thereafter for each subsequent day in which the Participant participates in the Plan, unless changed in accordance with the previous sentence.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may impose limitations on the frequency with which one or more of the Measurement Funds elected in accordance with this Section 3.9(b) may be added or deleted by such Participant; furthermore, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may impose limitations on the frequency with which the Participant may change the portion of his or her Account Balance allocated to each previously or newly elected Measurement Fund. 

-13- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

(c) 
    Proportionate Allocation  .  In making any election described in Section 3.9(b) above, the Participant shall specify on the Election Form, in increments of one percent (1%), the percentage of his or her Account Balance or Measurement Fund, as applicable, to be allocated/reallocated. 
              (d) 
    HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund  .   
              (i) 
    The Participant s Director Fees, if any, that would otherwise be payable in Stock and are deferred under this Plan will be automatically and irrevocably allocated to the HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund Measurement Fund.  Participants may not select any other Measurement Fund to be used to determine the amounts to be credited or debited to the portion of their Account Balance attributable to such Director Fees.      Furthermore, no other portion of the Participant s Account Balance can be either initially allocated or re-allocated to the HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund.  Amounts allocated to the HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund shall only be distributable in actual shares of Stock.  
              (ii) 
    Any cash dividends that would have been payable on the Stock credited to a Participant s Account Balance shall be credited to the Participant s Account Balance.  The portion of the Participant s Account Balance that is attributable to the cash dividends shall automatically be allocated into the lowest-risk Measurement Fund, as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion.   
              (iii) 
    Any stock dividends or other non-cash dividends that would have been payable on the Stock credited to a Participant s Account Balance shall be credited to the Participant s Account Balance in the form of additional shares of Stock and shall automatically and irrevocably be deemed to be re-invested in the HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund until such amounts are distributed to the Participant.  The number of shares credited to the Participant for a particular stock dividend shall be equal to (a) the number of shares of Stock credited to the Participant s Account Balance as of the payment date for such dividend in respect of each share of Stock, multiplied by (b) the number of additional or fractional shares of Stock actually paid as a dividend in respect of each share of Stock.  The number of shares credited to the Participant for a particular stock dividend or other non-cash dividend shall be equal to (a) the number of shares of Stock credited to the Participant s Account Balance as of the payment date for such dividend in respect of each share of Stock, multiplied by (b) the fair market value of the dividend, divided by (c) the  fair market value  of the Stock on the payment date for such dividend.   
              (iv) 
    The number of shares of Stock credited to the Participant s Account Balance shall be adjusted by the Committee, in its sole discretion, to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants  rights with respect to the portion of his or her Account Balance  

-14- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

allocated to the HEICO Corporation Stock Unit Fund     in the event of any reorganization, reclassification, stock split, or other unusual corporate transaction or event which affects the value of the Stock, provided that any such adjustment shall be made taking into account any crediting of shares of Stock to the Participant under Section 3.9.  
           (v) 
    For purposes of this Section 3.9(d), the fair market value of the Stock shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
              (e) 
    Crediting or Debiting Method  .  The performance of each Measurement Fund (either positive or negative) will be determined on a daily basis based on the manner in which such Participant s Account Balance has been hypothetically allocated among the Measurement Funds by the Participant. 
              (f) 
    No Actual Investment  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Measurement Funds are to be used for measurement purposes only, and a Participant s election of any such Measurement Fund, the allocation of his or her Account Balance thereto, the calculation of additional amounts and the crediting or debiting of such amounts to a Participant s Account Balance shall not be considered or construed in any manner as an actual investment of his or her Account Balance in any such Measurement Fund.  In the event that the Company or the Trustee (as that term is defined in the Trust), in its own discretion, decides to invest funds in any or all of the investments on which the Measurement Funds are based, no Participant shall have any rights in or to such investments themselves.  Without limiting the foregoing, a Participant s Account Balance shall at all times be a bookkeeping entry only and shall not represent any investment made on his or her behalf by the Company or the Trust; the Participant shall at all times remain an unsecured creditor of the Employer obligated to pay the Participant's benefit as determined in Section 17.3 hereof, to the extent of such obligation. 
               (a) 
    Annual Deferral Amounts  .  For each Plan Year in which an Annual Deferral Amount is being withheld from a Participant, the Participant s Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant s Base Salary, Bonus, Commissions and/or LTIP Amounts that is not being deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the Participant s share of FICA and other employment taxes on such Annual Deferral Amount.  If necessary, the Committee may reduce the Annual Deferral Amount for amounts required to be withheld and described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) in order to comply with this Section 3.10.   
              (b) 
    Company Matching Amounts and Company Contribution Amounts  .  When a Participant becomes vested in a portion of his or her Account Balance attributable to any Company Matching Amounts and/or Company Contribution Amounts, the Participant s Employer(s) shall withhold from that portion of the Participant s Base Salary, Bonus,  

-15- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Commissions and/or LTIP Amounts that is not deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer(s), the Participant s share of FICA and other employment taxes on such amounts.  If necessary, the Committee may reduce the vested portion of the Participant s Company Matching Amount or Company Contribution Amount for such amounts attributable to employment taxes required to be withheld or that otherwise may be withheld as described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi), in order to comply with this Section 3.10. 
           (c) 
    Distributions  .  The Participant s Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, shall withhold from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan all Federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Employer(s), or the trustee of the Trust, in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer(s) and the trustee of the Trust.  
     ARTICLE 4 
  Scheduled Distribution; Unforeseeable Emergencies 
           4.1 
    Scheduled Distribution  .  In connection with each election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount, a Participant may irrevocably elect to receive a Scheduled Distribution, in the form of a lump sum payment, from the Plan with respect to all or a portion of the Annual Deferral Amount.  The Scheduled Distribution shall be a lump sum payment in an amount that is equal to the portion of the Annual Deferral Amount the Participant elected to have distributed as a Scheduled Distribution, adjusted for amounts credited or debited in the manner provided in Section 3.9 above on that amount, calculated as of the close of business on or around the date on which the Scheduled Distribution becomes payable, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.  Subject to the other terms and conditions of this Plan, each Scheduled Distribution elected shall be paid out during a sixty (60) day period commencing immediately after the first day of any Plan Year designated by the Participant (the  Scheduled Distribution Date ).  The Plan Year designated by the Participant must be at least three (3) Plan Years after the end of the Plan Year to which the Participant s deferral election described in Section 3.3 relates, unless otherwise provided on an Election Form approved by the Committee in its sole discretion.  By way of example, if a Scheduled Distribution is elected for Annual Deferral Amounts that are earned in the Plan Year commencing January 1, 2007, the earliest Scheduled Distribution Date that may be designated by a Participant would be January 1, 2011, and the Scheduled Distribution would become payable during the sixty (60) day period commencing immediately after such Scheduled Distribution Date.  
              4.2 
    Postponing Scheduled Distributions  . A Participant may elect to postpone a Scheduled Distribution described in Section 4.1 above, and have such amount paid out during a sixty (60) day period commencing immediately after an allowable alternative distribution date designated by the Participant in accordance with this Section 4.2.  In order to make this election, the Participant must submit a new Scheduled Distribution Election Form to the Committee in accordance with the following criteria: 

-16- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

(a) 
    Such Scheduled Distribution Election Form must be submitted to and accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion at least twelve (12) months prior to the Participant s previously designated Scheduled Distribution Date;  
              (b) 
    The new Scheduled Distribution Date selected by the Participant must be the first day of a Plan Year, and must be at least five years after the previously designated Scheduled Distribution Date; and 
              (c) 
    The election of the new Scheduled Distribution Date shall have no effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made. 
              4.3 
    Other Benefits Take Precedence Over Scheduled Distributions  .  Should a Benefit Distribution Date occur that triggers a benefit under Articles 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9, any Annual Deferral Amount that is subject to a Scheduled Distribution election under Section 4.1 or 4.2 shall not be paid in accordance with Section 4.1, but shall be paid in accordance with the other applicable Article. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret this Section 4.3 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 
              4.4 
    Unforeseeable Emergencies  .   
              (a) 
    If the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Emergency, the Participant may petition the Committee to receive a partial or full payout from the Plan, subject to the provisions set forth below.   
              (b) 
    The payout, if any, from the Plan shall not exceed the lesser of (i) the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the date on which the amount becomes payable, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) the amount necessary to satisfy the Unforeseeable Emergency, plus amounts necessary to pay Federal, state, or local income taxes or penalties reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may not receive a payout from the Plan to the extent that the Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved (A) through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, (B) by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship or (C) by cessation of deferrals under this Plan.   
              (c) 
    If the Committee, in its sole discretion, approves a Participant s petition for payout from the Plan, the Participant shall receive a payout from the Plan within sixty (60) days of the date of such approval, and the Participant s deferrals under the Plan shall be terminated as of the date of such approval. 
              (d) 
    In addition, a Participant s deferral elections under this Plan shall be terminated to the extent the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that termination of such Participant s deferral elections is required pursuant to Treas. Reg.  1.401(k)-1(d)(3) for the Participant to obtain a hardship distribution from an Employer s 401(k) Plan.  If the Committee  

-17- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

determines, in its sole discretion, that a termination of the Participant s deferrals is required in accordance with the preceding sentence, the Participant s deferrals shall be terminated as soon as administratively practicable following the date on which such determination is made, and the Participant shall not be entitled to make a new deferral election until such time as the Committee determines. 
           (e) 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions relating to a payout and/or termination of deferrals under this Section 4.4 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 
     ARTICLE 5 
  Change in Control Benefit 
           5.1 
    Change in Control Benefit  .  A Participant, in connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan, shall irrevocably elect on an Election Form whether to (i) receive a Change in Control Benefit upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, which shall be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, or (ii) to have his or her Account Balance remain in the Plan upon the occurrence of a Change in Control and to have his or her Account Balance remain subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.  If a Participant does not make any election with respect to the payment of the Change in Control Benefit, then such Participant s Account Balance shall remain in the Plan upon a Change in Control and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.   
              5.2 
    Payment of Change in Control Benefit  .  The Change in Control Benefit, if any, shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret all provisions in this Plan relating to a Change in Control Benefit in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations. 
     ARTICLE 6 
  Retirement Benefit 
           6.1 
    Retirement Benefit  .  A Participant who Retires shall receive, as a Retirement Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
              6.2 
    Payment of Retirement Benefit  . 
              (a) 
    In connection with a Participant s election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount, the Participant shall elect the form in which his or her Annual Account for such Plan Year will be paid.  The Participant may elect to receive each Annual Account in the form of a lump sum or pursuant to an Annual Installment Method of up to fifteen (15) years.  If a Participant  

-18- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

does not make any election with respect to the payment of an Annual Account, then the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to receive such Annual Account as a lump sum.   
           (b) 
    A Participant may change the form of payment for an Annual Account by submitting an Election Form to the Committee in accordance with the following criteria:   
              (i) 
    The election to modify the form of payment for such Annual Account shall have no effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the election is made; and  
              (ii) 
    The first payment related to such Annual Account shall be delayed at least five (5) years from the originally scheduled Benefit Distribution Date for such Annual Account, as described in Section 1.8(a).  
     For purposes of applying the requirements above, the right to receive an Annual Account in installment payments shall be treated as the entitlement to a single payment.  The Committee shall interpret all provisions relating to an election described in this Section 6.2 in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations. 
  The Election Form most recently accepted by the Committee that has become effective shall govern the payout of the applicable Annual Account. 
           (c) 
    The lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall commence, no later than sixty (60) days after the Benefit Distribution Date.  Remaining installments, if any, shall continue in accordance with the Participant s election for each Annual Account and shall be paid no later than sixty (60) days after each anniversary of the Benefit Distribution Date.   
     ARTICLE 7 
  Termination Benefit 
           7.1 
    Termination Benefit  .      A Participant who experiences a Termination of Employment shall receive, as a Termination Benefit, his or her vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
              7.2 
    Payment of Termination Benefit  .  The Termination Benefit shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum payment no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
     ARTICLE 8 
  Disability Benefit 
           8.1 
    Disability Benefit  . Upon a Participant s Disability, the Participant shall receive a Disability Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of  

-19- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
           8.2 
    Payment of Disability Benefit  .      The Disability Benefit shall be paid to the Participant in a lump sum payment no later than sixty (60) days after the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
     ARTICLE 9 
  Death Benefit 
           9.1 
    Death Benefit  .  The Participant s Beneficiary(ies) shall receive a Death Benefit upon the Participant s death which will be equal to the Participant s vested Account Balance, calculated as of the close of business on or around the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date, as selected by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
              9.2 
    Payment of Death Benefit  .  The Death Benefit shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary(ies) in a lump sum payment on the Participant s Benefit Distribution Date. 
     ARTICLE 10 
  Beneficiary Designation 
           10.1 
    Beneficiary  .  Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a beneficiary upon the death of the Participant.  The Beneficiary designated under this Plan may be the same as or different from the Beneficiary designation under any other plan of an Employer in which the Participant participates. 
              10.2 
    Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent  .  A Participant shall designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee or its designated agent.  A Participant shall have the right to change a Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee s rules and procedures, as in effect from time to time.  If the Participant names someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that spousal consent is required to be provided in a form designated by the Committee, executed by such Participant s spouse and returned to the Committee.  Upon the acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled.  The Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary Designation Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the Committee prior to his or her death. 
              10.3 
    Acknowledgment  .  No designation or change in designation of a Beneficiary shall be effective until received and acknowledged in writing by the Committee or its designated agent. 
              10.4 
    No Beneficiary Designation  .  If a Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary as provided in Sections 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 above or, if all designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to complete distribution of the Participant s benefits, then the Participant s designated  

-20- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her surviving spouse.  If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the benefits remaining under this Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be payable to the executor or personal representative of the Participant s estate. 
           10.5 
    Doubt as to Beneficiary  .  If the Committee has any doubt as to the proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to cause the Participant s Employer to withhold such payments until this matter is resolved in accordance with the claims procedure in Article 15. 
              10.6 
    Discharge of Obligations  .  The payment of benefits under the Plan to a Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to the Participant, and that Participant s Plan Agreement shall terminate upon such full payment of benefits.   
     ARTICLE 11 
  Leave of Absence 
           11.1 
    Paid Leave of Absence  .  If a Participant is authorized by the Participant s Employer to take a paid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer, and such leave of absence does not constitute a Separation from Service, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, (i) the Participant shall continue to be considered eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles, and (ii) the Annual Deferral Amount     shall continue to be withheld during such paid leave of absence in accordance with Section 3.3. 
              11.2 
    Unpaid Leave of Absence  .  If a Participant is on unpaid leave of absence from the employment of the Employer for any reason, and such leave of absence does not constitute a Separation from Service, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, such Participant shall continue to be eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles. 
              11.3 
    Leaves Resulting in Separation from Service  .  In the event that a Participant s leave of absence from his or her Employer constitutes a separation from service, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations, the Participant s vested Account Balance shall be distributed to the Participant in accordance with Article 6 or 7 of this Plan, as applicable. 
     ARTICLE 12 
  Termination of Plan, Amendment or Modification 
           12.1 
    Termination of Plan  .  Although each Employer anticipates that it will continue the Plan for an indefinite period of time, there is no guarantee that any Employer will continue the Plan or will not terminate the Plan at any time in the future.  Accordingly, each Employer reserves the right to Terminate the Plan.  In the event of a Termination of the Plan, the Measurement Funds available to  

-21- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

Participants following the Termination of the Plan shall be comparable in number and type to those Measurement Funds available to Participants in the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year in which the Termination of the Plan is effective.      Except as otherwise provided below,     following a Termination of the Plan, Participant Account Balances shall remain in the Plan until the Participant becomes eligible for the benefits provided in Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 or 9 in accordance with the provisions of those Articles.      The Termination of the Plan shall not adversely affect any Participant or Beneficiary who has become entitled to the payment of any benefits under the Plan as of the date of termination.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, during the thirty (30) days preceding or within twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, an Employer shall be permitted to (i) terminate the Plan by action of its board of directors, and (ii) distribute the vested Account Balances to Participants in a lump sum no later than twelve (12) months after the Change in Control, provided that all other substantially similar arrangements sponsored by such Employer are also terminated and all balances in such arrangements are distributed within twelve (12) months of the termination of such arrangements.      Also notwithstanding the foregoing,     if and to the extent permissible under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, in the event of Termination of the Plan, the Board may require that the Account Balances of all Participants and Beneficiaries (including, without limitation, any remaining benefits payable to Participants or Beneficiaries receiving distributions in installments at the time of the termination) be distributed as soon as practicable after such termination, notwithstanding any elections by Participants or Beneficiaries with regard to the timing or form in which their benefits are to be paid.   
            (a) 
    Any Employer may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in whole or in part with respect to that Employer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) no amendment or modification shall be effective to decrease the value of a Participant s vested Account Balance in existence at the time the amendment or modification is made, and (ii) no amendment or modification of this Section 12.2 or Section 13.2 of the Plan shall be effective.  
              (b) 
    Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Company determines that any provision of the Plan may cause amounts deferred under the Plan to become immediately taxable to any Participant under Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, the Company may (i) adopt such amendments to the Plan and appropriate policies and procedures, including amendments and policies with retroactive effect, that the Company determines necessary or appropriate to preserve the intended tax treatment of the Plan benefits provided by the Plan and/or (ii) take such other actions as the Company determines necessary or appropriate to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the Company nor any other Employers, the Committee, nor their respective officers, directors, members or representatives, shall have any liability or other obligation to indemnify or hold harmless any Participant or Beneficiary for any tax, additional tax, interest or penalties that the Participant or Beneficiary may incur in the event that any provision of  

-22- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

this Plan, or any other action taken with respect thereto, is deemed to violate any of the requirements of Code  409A. 
           12.3 
    Plan Agreement  .  Despite the provisions of Sections 12.1 and 12.2 above, if a Participant s Plan Agreement contains benefits or limitations that are not in this Plan document, the Employer may only amend or terminate such provisions with the written consent of the Participant. 
              12.4 
    Effect of Payment  .  The full payment of the Participant s vested Account Balance under Articles 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, or 9 of the Plan shall completely discharge all obligations to a Participant and his or her designated Beneficiaries under this Plan, and the Participant s Plan Agreement shall terminate. 
     ARTICLE 13 
  Administration 
           13.1 
    Committee Duties  .  This Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or such other Committee as the Board may from time to time appoint.  The Committee shall also have the discretion and authority to (i) make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and regulations for the administration of this Plan, and (ii) decide or resolve any and all questions, including benefit entitlement determinations and interpretations of this Plan, as may arise in connection with this Plan.  Any individual serving on the Committee who is a Participant shall not vote or act on any matter relating solely to himself or herself.  When making a determination or calculation, the Committee shall be entitled to rely on information furnished by a Participant or an Employer. 
              13.2 
    Administration Upon Change In Control  . Within one hundred and twenty (120) days following a Change in Control, the individuals who comprised the Committee immediately prior to the Change in Control (whether or not such individuals are members of the Committee following the Change in Control) may, by written consent of the majority of such individuals, appoint an independent third party administrator (the  Administrator ) to perform any or all of the Committee s duties described in Section 13.1 above, including without limitation, the power to determine any questions arising in connection with the administration or interpretation of the Plan, and the power to make benefit entitlement determinations.  Upon and after the effective date of such appointment, (i) the Company must pay all reasonable administrative expenses and fees of the Administrator, and (ii) the Administrator may only be terminated with the written consent of the majority of Participants with an Account Balance in the Plan as of the date of such proposed termination. 
              13.3 
    Agents  . In the administration of this Plan, the Committee or the Administrator, as applicable, may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed representative) and may from time to time consult with counsel. 
              13.4 
    Binding Effect of Decisions  .  The decision or action of the Committee or Administrator, as applicable, with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration,  

-23- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. 
           13.5 
    Indemnity of Committee  .  All Employers shall indemnify and hold harmless the members of the Committee, any Employee to whom the duties of the Committee may be delegated, and the Administrator against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of willful misconduct by the Committee, any of its members, any such Employee or the Administrator. 
              13.6 
    Employer Information  .  To enable the Committee and/or Administrator to perform its functions, the Company and each Employer shall supply full and timely information to the Committee and/or Administrator, as the case may be, on all matters relating to the Plan, the Trust, the Participants and their Beneficiaries, the Account Balances of the Participants, the compensation of its Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement, Disability, death or Termination of Employment of its Participants, and such other pertinent information as the Committee or Administrator may reasonably require. 
              13.7 
    Receipts and Release  .  Any payment to any Participant or Beneficiary in accordance with the provisions of the Plan shall, to the extent thereof, be in full satisfaction of all claims against the Company, the Committee, the Plan Administrator and the trustee of the Trust under the Plan, and the Committee may require such Participant or Beneficiary, as a condition precedent to such payment pursuant to the Plan, to execute a receipt and release to such effect on or before the date on which the payment is payable pursuant to this Plan.   
     ARTICLE 14 
  Other Benefits and Agreements 
           14.1 
    Coordination with Other Benefits  .  The benefits provided for a Participant and Participant s Beneficiary under the Plan are in addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any other plan or program for employees of the Participant s Employer.  The Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly provided. 
     ARTICLE 15 
  Claims Procedures 
           15.1 
    Presentation of Claim  .  Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below as a  Claimant ) may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such Claimant from the Plan.  If such a claim relates to the contents of a notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within sixty (60) days after such notice was received by the Claimant.  All other claims must be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the claim to arise occurred.  The claim must state with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. 

-24- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

15.2 
    Notification of Decision  .  The Committee shall consider a Claimant s claim within a reasonable time, but no later than ninety (90) days after receiving the claim.  If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial ninety (90) day period.  In no event shall such extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days from the end of the initial period.  The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render the benefit determination.  The Committee shall notify the Claimant in writing: 
              (a) 
    that the Claimant s requested determination has been made, and that the claim has been allowed in full; or 
              (b) 
    that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole or in part, to the Claimant s requested determination, and such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant: 
              (i) 
    the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim, or any part of it; 
              (ii) 
    specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the Plan upon which such denial was based; 
              (iii) 
    a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the claim, and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary; 
              (iv) 
    an explanation of the claim review procedure set forth in Section 15.3 below; and 
              (v) 
    a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a) following an adverse benefit determination on review. 
              15.3 
    Review of a Denied Claim  .  On or before sixty (60) days after receiving a notice from the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative) may file with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the claim.  The Claimant (or the Claimant s duly authorized representative): 
              (a) 
    may, upon request and free of charge, have reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the claim for benefits; 
              (b) 
    may submit written comments or other documents; and/or 
              (c) 
    may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole discretion, may grant. 
              15.4 
    Decision on Review  .  The Committee shall render its decision on review promptly, and no later than sixty (60) days after the Committee receives the Claimant s written request for a review of the  

-25- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

denial of the claim.  If the Committee determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim, written notice of the extension shall be furnished to the Claimant prior to the termination of the initial sixty (60) day period.  In no event shall such extension exceed a period of sixty (60) days from the end of the initial period.  The extension notice shall indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Committee expects to render the benefit determination.  In rendering its decision, the Committee shall take into account all comments, documents, records and other information submitted by the Claimant relating to the claim, without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination.  The decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and it must contain: 
           (a) 
    specific reasons for the decision; 
              (b) 
    specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision was based;  
              (c) 
    a statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to and copies of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Claimant s claim for benefits; and 
              (d) 
    a statement of the Claimant s right to bring a civil action under ERISA Section 502(a). 
              15.5 
    Legal Action  .  A Claimant s compliance with the foregoing provisions of this Article 15 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant s right to commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under this Plan.    
     ARTICLE 16 
  Trust 
           16.1 
    Establishment of the Trust  .  In order to provide assets from which to fulfill its obligations to the Participants and their Beneficiaries under the Plan, the Company may establish a trust by a trust agreement with a third party, the trustee, to which each Employer may, in its discretion, contribute cash or other property, including securities issued by the Company, to provide for the benefit payments under the Plan, (the  Trust ).     
              16.2 
    Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust  .  The provisions of the Plan and the Plan Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan.  The provisions of the Trust shall govern the rights of the Employers, Participants and the creditors of the Employers to the assets transferred to the Trust.  Each Employer shall at all times remain liable to carry out its obligations under the Plan. 
              16.3 
    Distributions From the Trust  .  Each Employer s obligations under the Plan may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the terms of the Trust, and any such distribution shall reduce the Employer s obligations under this Plan. 

-26- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

ARTICLE 17 
  Miscellaneous 
           17.1 
    Status of Plan  .  The Plan is intended to be a plan that is not qualified within the meaning of Code Section 401(a) and that  is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees  within the meaning of ERISA Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1).  The Plan shall be administered and interpreted (i) to the extent possible in a manner consistent with the intent described in the preceding sentence, and (ii) in accordance with Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance and Regulations.   
              17.2 
    Unsecured General Creditor  .  Participants and their Beneficiaries, heirs, successors and assignees shall have no legal or equitable rights, interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer.  For purposes of the payment of benefits under this Plan, any and all of an Employer s assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged unrestricted assets of the Employer.  An Employer s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. 
              17.3 
    Employer s Liability  .  Each Employer, and only such Employer, shall be obligated to pay the benefits that are attributable to contributions credited to the Participant's Account with respect to Compensation payable or Employer Contributions credited by that Employer.  An Employer s liability for the payment of benefits shall be defined only by the Plan and the Plan Agreement, as entered into between the Employer and a Participant.  An Employer shall have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly provided in the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement. 
              17.4 
    Nonassignability  .  Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate, alienate or convey in advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are expressly declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable.  No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure, attachment, garnishment or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant s or any other person s bankruptcy or insolvency or be transferable to a spouse as a result of a property settlement or otherwise. 
              17.5 
    Not a Contract of Employment  .  The terms and conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any Employer and a Participant.  Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an  at will  employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice, unless expressly provided in a written employment agreement.  Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of any Employer, either as an Employee or a Director, or to interfere with the right of any Employer to discipline or discharge the Participant at any time. 

-27- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

17.6 
    Furnishing Information  .  A Participant or his or her Beneficiary will cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to taking such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary. 
              17.7 
    Terms  .  Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall be construed as though they were in the feminine in all cases where they would so apply; and whenever any words are used herein in the singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases where they would so apply. 
              17.8 
    Captions  .  The captions of the articles, Sections and paragraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions. 
              17.9 
    Governing Law  .  Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the internal laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. 
              17.10 
    Notice  .  Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the address below:  

Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. 
  Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of the Participant. 
           17.11 
    Successors  .  The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Participant s Employer and its successors and assigns and the Participant and the Participant s designated Beneficiaries. 
              17.12 
    Spouse s Interest  .  The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by such spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse s will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate succession. 

-28- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

17.13 
    Validity  .  In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 
              17.14 
    Incompetent  .  If the Committee determines in its discretion that a benefit under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of that person s property, the Committee may direct payment of such benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of such minor, incompetent or incapable person.  The Committee may require proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or guardianship, as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the benefit.  Any payment of a benefit shall be a payment for the account of the Participant and the Participant s Beneficiary, as the case may be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Plan for such payment amount. 
              17.15 
    Court Order  .  The Committee is authorized to comply with any court order in any action in which the Plan or the Committee has been named as a party, including any action involving a determination of the rights or interests in a Participant s benefits under the Plan.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee shall interpret this provision in a manner that is consistent with Code Section 409A and other applicable tax law.  In addition, if necessary to comply with a qualified domestic relations order, as defined in Code Section 414(p)(1)(B), pursuant to which a court has determined that a spouse or former spouse of a Participant has an interest in the Participant s benefits under the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to immediately distribute the spouse s or former spouse s interest in the Participant s benefits under the Plan to such spouse or former spouse.  
              17.16 
    Distribution in the Event of Income Inclusion Under 409A  .    If any portion of a Participant s Account Balance under this Plan is required to be included in income by the Participant prior to receipt due to a failure of this Plan to meet the requirement of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, the Participant may petition the Committee or Administrator, as applicable, for a distribution of that portion of his or her Account Balance that is required to be included in his or her income.  Upon the grant of such a petition  ,   the grant of which shall be at the Committee s sole discretion, the Participant s Employer shall distribute to the Participant immediately available funds in an amount equal to the portion of his or her Account Balance required to be included in income as a result of the failure of the Plan to meet the requirements of Code Section 409A and related Treasury guidance or Regulations, which amount shall not exceed the Participant s unpaid vested Account Balance under the Plan.  If the petition is granted, such distribution shall be made within ninety (90) days of the date when the Participant s petition is granted.  Such a distribution shall affect and reduce the Participant s benefits to be paid under this Plan. 
              17.17 
    Deduction Limitation on Benefit Payments  .    If an Employer reasonably anticipates that the Employer s deduction with respect to any distribution from this Plan would be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m), then to the extent deemed necessary by the Employer to ensure that the entire amount of any distribution from this Plan is deductible, the Employer may delay payment of any amount that would otherwise be distributed from this Plan.  Any amounts for which distribution is delayed pursuant to this Section shall continue to be credited/debited with  

-29- 

    HEICO Corporation 
  Leadership Compensation Plan 
  Plan Document 

additional amounts in accordance with Section 3.9 above.  The delayed amounts (and any amounts credited thereon) shall be distributed to the Participant (or his or her Beneficiary in the event of the Participant s death) at the earliest date the Employer reasonably anticipates that the deduction of the payment of the amount will not be limited or eliminated by application of Code Section 162(m).   
           17.18 
    Insurance  .  The Employers, on their own behalf or on behalf of the trustee of the Trust, and, in their sole discretion, may apply for and procure insurance on the life of the Participant, in such amounts and in such forms as the Trust may choose.  The Employers or the trustee of the Trust, as the case may be, shall be the sole owner and beneficiary of any such insurance.  The Participant shall have no interest whatsoever in any such policy or policies, and at the request of the Employers shall submit to medical examinations and supply such information and execute such documents as may be required by the insurance company or companies to whom the Employers have applied for insurance. 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has signed this Plan document, as re-amended, and restated, effective January 1, 2017. 
   Company  
    
  HEICO Corporation, a Florida corporation 
  By:  /s/ Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 
  Title: Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer 

-30- 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21>
 3
 fy201610kexhibit21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 

Exhibit 21 
    
  SUBSIDIARIES OF HEICO CORPORATION 

State or Other 
      Name 
    Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

HEICO Aerospace Holdings Corp. 
    Florida 
      HEICO Aerospace Corporation 
    Florida 
      Jet Avion Corporation 
    Florida 
      LPI Industries Corporation 
    Florida 
      Aircraft Technology, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Parts Advantage, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Northwings Accessories Corp. 
    Florida 
      Aviation Engineered Services Corp. 
    Florida 
      HB Fuel Systems LLC 
    Florida 
      HNW Building Corp. 
    Florida 
      HNW2 Building Corp. 
    Florida 
      McClain International, Inc. 
    Georgia 
      McClain Property Corp. 
    Florida 
      Rogers-Dierks, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Turbine Kinetics, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Future Aviation, Inc. 
    Florida 
      ATK Acquisition Corp. 
    Florida 
      AD HEICO Acquisition Corp. 
    Florida 
      AeroDesign, Inc. 
    Tennessee 
      Battery Shop, L.L.C. 
    Tennessee 
      Inertial Airline Services, Inc. 
    Ohio 
      HEICO Aerospace Parts Corp. 
    Florida 
      Aviation Facilities, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Niacc-Avitech Technologies Inc. 
    Florida 
      JA Engineering I Corp. 
    Florida 
      JA Engineering II Corp. 
    Florida 
      Jetavi Engineering Private Limited 
    India 
      Arger Enterprises, Inc. 
    Nevada 
      Prime Air, LLC 
    Florida 
      Avisource Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Prime Air Europe Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      DEC Technologies, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Meridian Industrial, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Dynatech Acquisition Corp. 
    Florida 
      Sunshine Avionics LLC 
    Florida 
      HEICO Parts Group, Inc. 
    Florida 

HEICO East Corporation  
    Florida 
      16-1741 Property, Inc. 
    Florida 

State or Other 
      Name 
    Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

HEICO Flight Support Corp. 
    Florida 
      CSI Aerospace, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Action Research Corporation 
    Florida 
      Reinhold Holdings, Inc.  
    Delaware 
      Reinhold Industries, Inc.  
    Delaware 
      HFSC II Corp.  
    Florida 
      Thermal Structures, Inc. 
    California 
      Thermal Structures Thermal Insulation Product  
  (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 
    People's Republic of China 
      Thermal Energy Products, Inc.  
    California  
      Jetseal, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Seal Dynamics LLC 
    Florida 
      Seal Dynamics LLC (Singapore Branch) 
    Singapore 
      Seal Dynamics Limited 
    United Kingdom 
       Seal Q Corp. 
    Florida 
      Blue Aerospace LLC 
    Florida 
      HEICO International Holdings B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Aeroworks International Holding B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Aeroworks Europe B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Aeroworks (Lao) Co., Ltd. 
    Laos 
      DIRI Co., Ltd. 
    Laos 
      Aeroworks Lao II Co., Ltd. 
    Laos 
      Aeroworks Special Products B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Aeroworks (Asia) Ltd.  
    Thailand 
      Aeroworks Manufacturing Services Ltd. 
    Thailand 
      Aeroworks Composites B.V. 
    Netherlands 
      Aeroworks Composites (Asia) Ltd. 
    Thailand 
      HFSC III Corp.  
    Florida  
      Harter Aerospace, LLC 
    Florida  
      Aerospace   Commercial Technologies, LLC 
    Florida  
      Astroseal Products Mfg. Corporation  
    Connecticut  
      Astro Property, LLC 
    Connecticut  

State or Other 
      Name 
    Jurisdiction of Incorporation 

HEICO Electronic Technologies Corp. 
    Florida 
      Radiant Power Corp. 
    Florida 
           Radiant-Seacom Repairs Corp. 
    Florida 
      Leader Tech, Inc. 
    Florida 
      FerriShield, Inc.  
    Pennsylvania 
      Santa Barbara Infrared, Inc. 
    California 
      IRCameras LLC 
    Florida 
      Analog Modules, Inc. 
    Florida 
      Sierra Microwave Technology, LLC 
    Delaware 
      Connectronics Corp. 
    Florida 
      Lumina Power, Inc. 
    Florida 
      HVT Group, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Dielectric Sciences, Inc. 
    Massachusetts 
      Essex X-Ray   Medical Equipment LTD 
    United Kingdom 
      High Voltage Technology Limited 
    United Kingdom 
      Engineering Design Team, Inc. 
    Oregon 
      EMD Acquisition Corp. 
    Florida 
      EMD Technologies Incorporated 
    Canada 
      VPT, Inc. 
    Virginia 
      SI-REL, Inc.  
    Delaware 
      Dukane Seacom, Inc. 
    Florida 
      dB Control Corp. 
    Florida 
      De-Icing Investment Holdings Corp. 
    Florida 
      3D Acquisition Corp. 
    Florida 
      3D Plus SAS 
    France 
      3D Plus U.S.A., Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Switchcraft Holdco, Inc. 
    Delaware 
      Switchcraft, Inc. 
    Illinois 
      Conxall Corporation 
    Illinois 
      Switchcraft Far East Company, Ltd. 
    Republic of South Korea 
      Ramona Research, Inc.  
    California 
      Lucix Corporation  
    California 
      Midwest Microwave Solutions, Inc.  
    Iowa 
      Robertson Fuel Systems, L.L.C. 
    Arizona 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 fy201610kexhibit23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Exhibit 

Exhibit 23 
    
  CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
    
  We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 33-4945, 333-108471, 333-161956, 333-180454 and 333-210043 on Forms S-8 of our reports dated December 15, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries  internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation and subsidiaries for the year ended October 31, 2016. 
    
  /s/ DELOITTE   TOUCHE LLP 
    
  Miami, Florida 
  December 15, 2016 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 fy201610kexhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Laurans A. Mendelson, certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation; 
       
           (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
  a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
  a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: 
    December 15, 2016 
    /s/ LAURANS A. MENDELSON 

Laurans A. Mendelson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 fy201610kexhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
    
  I, Carlos L. Macau, Jr., certify that: 
    
           (1) 
    I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of HEICO Corporation; 
       
           (2) 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           (3) 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           (4) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
  a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
    
  b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
    
  c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
    
  d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
    
           (5) 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
  a)   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
    
  b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
    
                   Date: 
    December 15, 2016 
    /s/ CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. 

Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 fy201610kexhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of HEICO Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Laurans A. Mendelson, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Date: 
    December 15, 2016 
    /s/ LAURANS A. MENDELSON 

Laurans A. Mendelson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 fy201610kexhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
    
  In connection with the Annual Report of HEICO Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Carlos L. Macau, Jr., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
                   Date: 
    December 15, 2016 
    /s/ CARLOS L. MACAU, JR. 

Carlos L. Macau, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 hei-20161031.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 hei-20161031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 hei-20161031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 hei-20161031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 hei-20161031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 hei-20161031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

