<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1025877_0001144204-16-134085_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10114663</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>103379</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>384400</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3367644</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4748736</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1272622</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>105</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134085.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114151954
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134085
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DCB FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001025877
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				311469837
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22387
		FILM NUMBER:		161994191

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 RIVERBEND AVE.
		CITY:			LEWIS CENTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43035
		BUSINESS PHONE:		740-657-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 RIVERBEND AVE.
		CITY:			LEWIS CENTER
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43035

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134085.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452565_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended:  September
30, 2016  

OR  

Commission file number:  0-22387  

DCB Financial Corp  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Ohio  
         
      31-1469837   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   
 
      incorporation or organization)  

(740) 657-7000 

(Registrant s telephone number
including area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

Yes
  x           No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T  (  232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post
such files).  

  Yes   x         
No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
accelerated filer      
Accelerated filer      
Non-accelerated filer (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)      
Smaller reporting company   x  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   

  Yes
              No   x  

As of November 10, 2016, the latest practicable date,  7,339,232
  of the registrant s common shares, no par value, were issued and outstanding. 

DCB Financial Corp 

Table of Contents 

Page   
 
       Part I   Financial Information   
      3   

Item 1   Financial Statements   
      3   

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity (unaudited) for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
      7   

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
      8   

Item 2   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      27   

Item 3   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      37   

Item 4   Controls and Procedures   
      37   

Part II   Other Information   
      38   

Item 1   Legal Proceedings   
      38   

Item 1A   Risk Factors   
      38   

Item 2   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      40   

Item 3   Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
      40   

Item 4   Mine Safety Disclosures   
      40   

Item 5   Other Information   
      40   

Item 6   Exhibits   
      41   

Signatures   
      42   

Part I   Financial Information  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

   DCB Financial Corp 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements.  

DCB Financial Corp 

 Consolidated Statements of
Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated financial statements.  

DCB Financial Corp 

 Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated
financial statements.  

DCB Financial Corp 

 Consolidated Statements of
Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

DCB Financial Corp 

 Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of the consolidated financial statements.  

Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Unless the context indicates otherwise,
all references in this report to  Delaware,   DCB,   we,   us,   our company, 
 corporation  and  our  refer to DCB Financial Corp and its direct and indirect subsidiaries The Delaware
County Bank and Trust Company, our wholly owned bank subsidiary (the  Bank ), DCB Title Services, LLC, DCB Insurance
Services, LLC, DataTasx LLC, ORECO, Inc., and 110 Riverbend, LLC. 

DCB Financial Corp is a financial holding
company headquartered in Lewis Center, Ohio, and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1997, as a bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. DCB is the holding company for The Delaware County Bank and Trust
Company, a commercial bank organized in 1950 and chartered under the laws of the State of Ohio (the  Bank ). 

We also have two wholly-owned, non-bank
subsidiaries, DCB Title Services, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company ( DCB Title ), and DCB Insurance Services,
LLC, an Ohio limited liability company ( DCB Insurance ). DCB Title provides standard real estate title services, while
DCB Insurance provides a variety of insurance products. The activities of each of these subsidiaries are not material to our operations.
The Bank has two wholly-owned subsidiaries, ORECO, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which is used to hold the Bank s foreclosed
real estate, and 110 Riverbend, LLC, which was used to hold real estate owned by the Bank prior to the sale of such real estate
in January 2016. 

The accompanying unaudited financial statements
were prepared in accordance with the instructions for Form 10-Q and Regulation S-X and, therefore, do not include information for
footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ). The material under the heading
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  is written with the presumption
that the users of the interim financial statements have read, or have access to, the latest audited financial statements and notes
thereto of the Company, together with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
as of December 31, 2015, and for the two-year period then ended, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2015. Accordingly, only material changes in the results of operations and financial condition are discussed
in the remainder of Part I. Certain amounts from prior year periods are reclassified, when necessary, to conform to the current
period presentation. 

All adjustments, consisting of only normal
recurring items, that in the opinion of management are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been
included in the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations
are not necessarily indicative of the results anticipated for the year. 

To prepare financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions based on available information. These estimates and assumptions affect
amounts reported in the financial statements and disclosures provided, and future results could differ. The allowance for loan
losses, fair values of financial instruments and status of contingencies are particularly subject to change. 

Earnings per Common Share  

Earnings per common share is computed using
the two-class method. Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income allocated to common shares by the weighted
average number of common shares outstanding during the period which excludes the participating securities. All outstanding unvested
restricted stock awards containing rights to non-forfeitable dividends are considered participating securities for this calculation.
Diluted earnings per common share includes the dilutive effect of additional potential common shares from stock compensation awards,
but excludes awards considered participating securities. 

Stock-Based Compensation   

Compensation cost is recognized for restricted
stock awards issued to employees and directors based on the fair value of these awards at the date of grant. The market price of
the Company s common shares at the date of grant is used to determine the fair value for restricted stock awards. Compensation
cost is recognized over the required service period, generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded vesting, compensation
cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 

The Company s outstanding stock options
may be settled for cash at the recipient s discretion; therefore, liability accounting applies to the Company s 2004
Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan under which such stock options were granted. Compensation expense is recognized based on the fair
value of these awards at the reporting date. A Black Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options at the
date of grant and subsequent re-measurement dates. Compensation cost is recognized over the required service period, generally
defined as the vesting period. The Company s stock option awards contain terms that provide for a graded vesting schedule
whereby portions of the award vest in increments over the requisite service period.  Changes in fair value of the options
between the vesting date and option expiration date are also recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Significant Accounting Estimates  

The Company s consolidated financial
statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and follow general practices within the financial services industry. The application
of these principles requires management to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. These estimates, assumptions, and judgments are based on information available as of the date
of the financial statements; as this information changes, the financial statements could reflect different estimates, assumptions,
and judgments. 

The procedures for assessing the adequacy
of the allowance for loan losses reflect the Company s evaluation of credit risk after careful consideration of all information
available to the Company. In developing this assessment, the Company must rely on estimates and exercise judgment regarding matters
where the ultimate outcome is unknown, such as economic factors, developments affecting companies in specific industries and issues
with respect to single borrowers. Depending on changes in circumstances, future assessments of credit risk may yield materially
different results, which may require an increase or a decrease in the allowance for loan losses. 

The valuation of other assets requires
that management utilize a variety of estimates and analysis to determine whether an asset is impaired or other-than-temporarily
impaired ( OTTI ). After determining the appropriate methodology for fair value measurement, management then evaluates
whether or not declines in fair value below book value are temporary or other-than-temporary impairments. When the Company does
not intend to sell a debt security, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery
of its cost basis, it recognizes the credit component of an other-than-temporary impairment of a debt security in earnings and
the remaining portion in other comprehensive income. 

Loans  

Loans are classified as held for investment
when management has both the intent and ability to hold the loan for the foreseeable future, or until maturity or payoff. Management s
intent and view of the foreseeable future may change based on changes in business strategies, the economic environment, market
conditions and the availability of government programs. Loans that are held for investment are reported at the principal balance
outstanding, net of unearned interest, unamortized deferred loan fees and costs and the allowance for loan losses. Loans held for
sale are carried at the lower of amortized cost or estimated fair value, determined on an aggregate basis for each type of loan.
Net unrealized losses are recognized by charges to income. 

Interest income is accrued based on the
unpaid principal balance and includes amortization of net deferred loan fees and costs over the loan term. Interest income on mortgage
and commercial loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the credit is well secured and in process
of collection. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest
is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not received for loans placed on non-accrual status is reversed against interest
income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return
to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current
and future payments are reasonably assured. 

When loans are transferred from held for
investment to held for sale, specific reserves and allocated pooled reserves included in the allowance for loan and losses are
reclassified to reduce the basis of the loans to the lower of cost or estimated fair value less cost to sell. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The allowance for loan losses is a valuation
allowance for probable but unconfirmed credit losses, increased by the provision for loan losses and decreased by charge-offs net
of recoveries. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is
confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the required allowance balance based
on past loan loss experience, augmented by additional estimates related to the nature and volume of the portfolio, information
about specific borrower situations, estimated collateral values, economic conditions and other factors. 

The allowance consists of both specific
and general components. The specific component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For those loans that are classified
as impaired, an allowance is established when the collateral value or value of expected discounted cash flows of the impaired loan
is lower than the carrying value of that loan. The general component covers non-classified loans and is based on historical charge-off
experience and expected loss given default derived from the Bank s internal risk rating process. Management utilizes an average
of a three year historical loss period. Management has the ability to adjust these loss rates by utilizing risk ratings based on
current period trends. If current period trends differ either positively or negatively from the given weighted historical loss
rates, adjustments can be made. Other adjustments may be made to the allowance for pools of loans after an assessment of internal
or external influences on credit quality that are not fully reflected in the historical loss or risking rating data. 

Management also utilizes its assessment
of general economic conditions, and other localized economic data to more fully support its loan loss estimates. General economic
data may include: inflation rates, savings rates and national unemployment rates. Local data may include: unemployment rates, housing
starts, real estate valuations, and other economic data specific to the Company s market area. Though not specific to individual
loans, these economic trends can have an impact on portfolio performance as a whole. 

Uncollectibility is usually determined
based on a pre-determined number of days delinquent in the case of consumer loans, or, in the case of commercial loans, is based
on a combination of factors including delinquency, collateral and other legal considerations. Consumer loans are charged-off prior
to 120 days of delinquency, but could be charged off earlier, depending on the individual circumstances. Mortgage loans are charged
down prior to 180 days of delinquency, but could be charged off sooner, again, depending upon individual circumstance. Typically,
loans collateralized by residential real estate are partially charged down to the estimated liquidation value, which is generally
based on appraisal less costs to hold and liquidate. Commercial and commercial real estate loans are evaluated for impairment and
typically reserved based on the results of the analysis, then subsequently charged down to a recoverable value when loan repayment
is deemed to be collateral dependent. Loans can be partially charged down depending on a number of factors including: the remaining
strength of the borrower and guarantor; the type and value of the collateral, and the ease of liquidating collateral; and whether
or not collateral is brought onto the bank s balance sheet via repossession. In the case of commercial and commercial real
estate loans, charge-offs, partial or whole, take place when management determines that full collectability of principal balance
is unlikely to occur. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management s policies for determining
impairment, reserves and charge-offs are reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors on an annual basis. 

Troubled debt restructuring of loans is
undertaken to improve the likelihood that the loan will be repaid in full under the modified terms in accordance with a reasonable
repayment schedule.  All modified loans are evaluated to determine whether the loans should be reported as a Troubled Debt
Restructuring ( TDR ).  A loan is a TDR when the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s
financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower by modifying or renewing a loan that the Company would not otherwise
consider. To make this determination, the Company must determine whether (a) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties
and (b) the Company granted the borrower a concession. This determination requires consideration of all of the facts and circumstances
surrounding the modification.  An overall general decline in the economy or some deterioration in a borrower s financial
condition does not automatically mean the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties. 

Income Taxes    

The Company accounts for income taxes in
accordance with income tax accounting guidance (ASC 740, Income Taxes). The income tax accounting guidance results in two components
of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period
by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or excess of deductions over revenues. The Company determines
deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability
is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes in
tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance,
if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will
not be realized. 

Deferred income tax expense results from
changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized if it is more likely than not,
based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon examination. The term more likely than
not means a likelihood of more than 50 percent; the terms examined and upon examination also include resolution of the related
appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is initially
and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized
upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination of whether or not
a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances and information available
at the reporting date and is subject to management s judgment. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes,
if applicable, as a component of income tax expense. The Company files consolidated income tax returns with its subsidiaries. 

New Accounting Pronouncements  

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13,
Financial Instruments    Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . ASU 2016-13
was issued to provide financial statement users with information about expected credit losses on financial instruments and other
commitments to extend credit rather than the current  incurred loss  model. For public business entities, the new standard
is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
is currently evaluating the effect the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842) . Among other things, in the amendments in ASU 2016-02, lessees will be required to recognize
the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: 

- A lease liability, which is
a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and 

- A right-of-use asset, which
is an asset that represents the lessee s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. 

Under the new guidance, lessor accounting
is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting
model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early application is permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the effect the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No.
2016-01,  Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities .
The amendments in ASU 2016-01 supersede the guidance to classify equity securities with readily determinable fair values into different
categories (that is, trading or available-for-sale) and require equity securities (including other ownership interests, such as
partnerships, unincorporated joint ventures, and limited liability companies) to be measured at fair value with changes in the
fair value recognized through net income. The amendments allow equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values
to be re-measured at fair value either upon the occurrence of an observable price change or upon identification of an impairment.
The amendments also require enhanced disclosures about those investments. The amendments improve financial reporting by providing
relevant information about an entity s equity investments and reducing the number of items that are recognized in other comprehensive
income. For public business entities, the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The amendments should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment
to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have
a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) . This new guidance supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in
 ASC 605, Revenue Recognition , and is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or
services to customers in an amount that reflects consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods and services. The ASU also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and
cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from
costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. In April 2015, the FASB approved deferral of the effective date of this guidance,
which is now effective prospectively for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
is currently evaluating the effect the guidance will have on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Note 2   Securities  

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of securities available-for-sale
were as follows at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

Securities with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment
category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, at the dates indicated
are as follows (dollars in thousands): 

The unrealized losses on the Company s
securities were caused primarily by changes in interest rates. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer
to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Because the Company does not intend
to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery
of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be OTTI at September 30,
2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Substantially all mortgage-backed securities
are backed by pools of mortgages that are insured or guaranteed by the Federal National Mortgage Association ( FNMA ),
the Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ( FHLMC ). 

There were no sales of securities in the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

At September 30, 2016, there were no holdings
of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10% of shareholders 
equity. 

The amortized cost and estimated fair value
of all debt securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below (in thousands). Actual maturities may differ
from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. Mortgage-backed securities are shown
separately since they are not due at a single maturity date. 

Securities with a fair value of $75.6 million
at September 30, 2016 were pledged to secure public deposits and other obligations. 

Note 3   Loans  

Loans were comprised of the following at the dates indicated
(in thousands): 

Note 4   Credit Quality  

Allowance for Loan Losses  

The Company s methodology for estimating
probable future losses on loans utilizes a combination of probability of loss by loan grade and loss given defaults for its portfolios.
The probability of default is based on both market data from a third-party independent source and actual historical default rates
within the Company s portfolio. A loan is impaired when full payment of interest and principal under the original contractual
loan terms is not expected. Commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate, including construction and land development,
and multi-family real estate loans are individually evaluated for impairment. If a loan is impaired, the loan amount exceeding
fair value, based on the most current information available is reserved. Management has developed a process by which commercial
and commercial real estate loan relationships with balances of $250,000 or greater are assigned an internal risk grade based on
relevant information about the ability of the borrowers to service their debt such as current financial information, historical
payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. Borrower s
receiving an internal risk grade of substandard or doubtful are individually evaluated for impairment through a loan quality review
(LQR). The LQR details the various attributes of the relationship and collateral and determines based on the most recent available
information if a specific reserve needs to be applied and at what level. The LQR process for all loans meeting the specific review
criteria is completed on a quarterly basis. Large groups of smaller balance homogeneous loans, such as consumer and residential
real estate loans, are collectively evaluated for impairment, and accordingly, such loans are not separately identified for impairment
disclosures. This methodology recognizes portfolio behavior while allowing for reasonable loss ratios on which to estimate allowance
calculations. 

Further, the process for estimating probable loan losses is divided into reviewing impaired loans on an individual
basis for probable losses and, as noted above, calculating probable losses based on historical and market data for homogenous
loan portfolios. As the Company s troubled loan portfolios have been reduced through paydowns, payoffs, credit improvement
and charge-offs, the remaining loan portfolios possess better overall credit characteristics, and based on the Company s
methodology require lower rates of reserving than historical levels. 

The tables below summarize activity in the allowance for loan
losses for the periods indicated (in thousands). 

Impaired Loans  

A loan is considered impaired when based
on current information and events it is probable the Bank will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance
with the contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans include non-performing commercial loans but also include loans modified
in troubled debt restructurings where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. These concessions
could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other
actions intended to maximize collection. 

The following presents by class, information
related to the Company s impaired loans as of the dates indicated (in thousands). 

The allocation of the allowance for loan losses summarized on
the basis of the Company s impairment methodology was as follows at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

The recorded investment in loans summarized on the basis of
the Company s impairment methodology at the dates indicated was as follows (in thousands): 

Loans on non-accrual status were as follows at the dates indicated
(in thousands): 

Credit Quality Indicators  

The Company uses the following definitions
for criticized and classified commercial loans and commercial real estate loans which are consistent with regulatory guidelines: 

Special Mention  

Loans which possess some credit deficiency
or potential weakness which deserves close attention, but which do not yet warrant substandard classification. Such loans pose
unwarranted financial risk that, if not corrected, could weaken the loan and increase risk in the future. The key distinctions
of a Special Mention classification are that (1) it is indicative of an unwarranted level of risk, and (2) weaknesses are considered
 potential,  versus  well-defined,  impairments to the primary source of loan repayment. 

Substandard  

Loans that are inadequately protected by
the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have
well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility
that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected.  

Doubtful  

Loans that have all the weaknesses inherent
in a Substandard loan with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of
currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Specific pending factors may strengthen the
credit, therefore deferring a Loss classification. 

Loss  

Loans are considered uncollectible and
of such little value that continuing to carry them as assets on the institution s financial statements is not feasible. Loans
will be classified Loss when it is neither practical nor desirable to defer writing off or reserving all or a portion of a basically
worthless asset, even though partial recovery may be possible at some time in the future. 

As
of the dates indicated and based on the most recent analysis performed, the recorded investment by risk category and class of loans
is as of the dates indicated (in thousands):  

For
residential real estate and consumer loan classes, the Company evaluates credit quality primarily based upon the aging status of
the loan and by payment activity.   

The
following table presents the recorded investment in residential real estate and consumer loans based on payment activity as of
the dates indicated (in thousands):  

Age Analysis of Past Due Loans  

The following tables present past due loans aged as of the dates
indicated (in thousands). 

Troubled Debt Restructurings  

The following table summarizes troubled debt restructurings
that occurred during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

There were no loans modified in a TDR that subsequently defaulted
within twelve months of the modification (i.e. 60 days or more past due) during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. 

A modification of a loan constitutes a
TDR when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the modification constitutes a concession. The Company offers various
types of concessions when modifying a loan; however, forgiveness of principal is rarely granted. Depending on the financial condition
of the borrower, the purpose of the loan and the type of collateral supporting the loan structure; modifications can be either
short-term (12 months of less) or long term (greater than one year). Commercial loans modified in a TDR often involve temporary
interest-only payments, term extensions, and converting revolving credit lines to term loans. Additional collateral, a co-borrower,
or a guarantor may be requested. Commercial mortgage and construction loans modified in a TDR often involve reducing the interest
rate for the remaining term of the loan, extending the maturity date at an interest rate lower than the current market rate for
new debt with similar risk, or substituting or adding a new borrower or guarantor. Construction loans modified in a TDR may also
involve extending the interest-only payment period. 

Land loans are also included in the class
of commercial real estate loans. Land loans are typically structured as interest-only monthly payments with a balloon payment due
at maturity. Land loans modified in a TDR typically involve extending the balloon payment by one to three years, changing the monthly
payments from interest-only to principal and interest, while leaving the interest rate unchanged. 

Loans modified in a TDR are typically already
on non-accrual status and partial charge-offs have in some cases already been taken against the outstanding loan balance. As a
result, loans modified in a TDR for the Company may have the financial effect of increasing the specific allowance associated with
the loan. The allowance for impaired loans that have been modified in a TDR is measured based on the estimated fair value of the
collateral, less any selling costs, if the loan is collateral dependent or on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted
at the loan s effective interest rate. Management exercises significant judgment in developing these estimates. 

As mentioned above, an individual loan
is placed on a non-accruing status if, in the judgment of management, it is unlikely that all principal and interest will be received
according to the terms of the note. Loans on non-accrual may be eligible to be returned to an accruing status after six months
of compliance with the modified terms. However, there are number of factors that could prevent a loan from returning to accruing
status, even after remaining in compliance with loan terms for the aforementioned six month period. For example: deteriorating
collateral, negative cash flow changes and inability to reduce debt to income ratios. 

Note 5   Fair Value Measurements  

The Company accounts for fair value measurements
in accordance with FASB ASC 820, which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. FASB ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB ASC 820 also establishes
a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. 

The standard describes three levels of
inputs that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1   
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities    

Level 2   
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities    

Level 3   
      Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities    

The carrying value of certain financial
assets and liabilities is impacted by the application of fair value measurements, either directly or indirectly. In certain
cases, an asset or liability is measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis, such as available-for-sale investment
securities. In other cases, management must rely on estimates or judgments to determine if an asset or liability not measured
at fair value warrants an impairment write-down or whether a valuation reserve should be established. Given the inherent volatility,
the use of fair value measurements may have a significant impact on the carrying value of assets or liabilities, or result in material
changes to the financial statements, from period to period. 

Fair value is defined as the price that
would be received to sell an asset or transfer a liability between market participants at the balance sheet date. When possible,
the Company looks to active and observable markets to price identical assets or liabilities. When identical assets and liabilities
are not traded in active markets, the Company looks to observable market data for similar assets and liabilities. However, certain
assets and liabilities are not traded in observable markets and the Company must use other valuation methods to develop a fair
value. 

The following methods, assumptions, and
valuation techniques were used by the Company to measure different financial assets and liabilities at fair value and in estimating
its fair value disclosures for financial instruments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents : The carrying
amounts reported in the consolidated statements of financial condition for cash and cash equivalents is deemed to approximate fair
value and are classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Available for Sale Investment Securities :
Fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted
prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on market prices of similar securities. For securities where quoted prices
or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are estimated using matrix pricing, which is a mathematical
technique widely used in the industry to value investment securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific
investment securities but rather relying on the investment securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted investment
securities (Level 2). Any investment securities not valued based upon the methods above is considered Level 3. 

The Company utilizes information provided
by a third-party investment securities portfolio manager in analyzing the investment securities portfolio in accordance with the
fair value hierarchy of the Fair Value Topic. The portfolio manager s evaluation of investment security portfolio pricing
is performed using a combination of prices and data from other sources, along with internally developed matrix pricing models.
The third-party s month-end pricing process includes a series of quality assurance activities where prices are compared to
recent market conditions, previous evaluation prices, and between the various pricing services. These processes produce a series
of quality assurance reports on which price exceptions are identified, reviewed and where appropriate, securities are re-priced.
In the event of a materially different price, the third party will report the variance and review the pricing methodology in detail.
The results of the quality assurance process are incorporated into the selection of pricing providers by the third party. 

Loans Held for Sale:  The fair value
of loans held for sale is estimated based upon binding contracts and quotes from third party investors resulting in Level 2 classification. 

Loans:  For fixed rate loans and
for variable rate loans with infrequent re-pricing or re-pricing limits, fair value is based on discounted cash flows using current
market rates applied to the estimated life. Fair values for impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow analysis or
underlying collateral values. For loans held on balance sheet, the discounted fair value is further reduced by the amount of reserves
held against the loan portfolios. The methods utilized to estimate the fair value of loans do not necessarily represent an exit
price and due to the significant judgment involved in evaluating credit quality, loans are classified within Level 3 classification. 

Federal Home Loan Bank Stock : The
carrying amount presented in the consolidated statements of financial condition is deemed to approximate fair value, and is classified
as a Level 2 instrument. 

Accrued Interest Receivable and Payable: 
The fair value for accrued interest approximates its carrying amounts due to the short duration before collection. The valuation
is a Level 3 classification which is consistent with its underlying asset or liability. 

Deposits : The fair values of deposits
with no stated maturity, such as money market demand deposits, savings and NOW accounts have been analyzed by management and
assigned estimated maturities and cash flows which are then discounted to derive a value. The fair value of fixed-rate
certificates of deposit is based on the discounted value of contractual cash flows. The discount rate is estimated using the rates
currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. The Company classifies the estimated fair value of deposit liabilities
as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Advances from the Federal Home Loan
Bank : The fair value of these advances is estimated using the rates currently offered for similar advances of similar remaining
maturities (Level 2). 

Commitments to Extend Credit : For fixed-rate and adjustable-rate
loan commitments, the fair value estimate considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and committed rates.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of loan commitments was not material. 

Based on the foregoing methods and assumptions, the carrying
value and fair value of the Company s financial instruments are as follows at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

The following table presents the fair value
measurements of assets recognized in the accompanying balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the level
within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

The following is a description of the valuation methodologies
used for instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well
as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 

Impaired
loans   

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, impaired loans
consisted primarily of loans secured by commercial real estate. Management has determined fair value measurements on impaired loans
primarily through evaluations of appraisals performed. 

Real Estate Owned   

Real estate acquired through, or in lieu of, loan foreclosure
is held for sale and initially recorded at fair value (based on current appraised value) at the date of foreclosure, establishing
a new cost basis. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are periodically performed by management and the assets are carried at
the lower of carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Management has determined fair value measurements on real
estate owned primarily through evaluations of appraisals performed. 

The following table presents the fair value measurements of
assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
fall at the dates indicated (in thousands). 

December 31, 2015     

Fair Value Measurements Using     

Fair Value       
     Quoted Prices in  Active Markets for  Identical Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2 )       
     Significant  Unobservable  Inputs  (Level 3)     
 
     Impaired loans    
     $  7,791       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  7,791     
 
     Real estate owned    
        68       
        -       
        -       
        68     

Note 6   Sale-Leaseback and Capital
Lease Obligation  

In January 2016, the Company entered into
a sale-leaseback of its corporate headquarters building. Under the arrangement, the Company sold and leased the building back for
a period of fifteen years, with options to extend the term of the lease for two additional periods of ten years each. The gain
of $3.1 million realized in the transaction has been netted against the right of use asset and will result in a reduction of depreciation
expense over the term of the lease. 

The lease has been accounted for as a capital
lease, and the building is included in property and equipment. The present value of the net minimum lease payments has been capitalized
and is being amortized over the life of the lease. Under the terms of the lease agreements, minimum payments of $54,000 are due
monthly, increasing 2% annually thereafter, through January 2031. The lease has been imputed with interest at an annual rate of
3.91%. 

At September 30, 2016, property under capital
leases consists of the corporate headquarters with a cost, net of the deferred gain, of $5.0 million. Accumulated depreciation
on the property under capital leases was $274,000 at September 30, 2016. 

Depreciation expense on property under
capital leases was $51,000 and $136,000 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

The future minimum lease payments under
capital leases are as follows (in thousands): 

Note 7   Federal Income Taxes  

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
and franchise tax returns in Ohio. Income tax benefit for the dates indicated include the following components (in thousands): 

The difference between the financial statement
tax provision and amounts computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes was as follows
(in thousands): 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the following
at the dates indicated (in thousands): 

At September 30, 2016, the Company had
a $24.3 million net operating loss carryforward that begins to expire in 2030. 

Note 8 - Earnings per Common Share  

The Company issued restricted stock awards
with non-forfeitable dividend rights, which are considered participating securities. As such, earnings per share is computed using
the two-class method as required by Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) 206-10-45. Basic earnings per common share
is computed by dividing net income allocated to common stock by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
the period which excludes the participating securities. Diluted earnings per common share includes the dilutive effect of additional
potential common shares from stock compensation awards and warrants, but excludes awards considered participating securities. 

Basic and diluted net income per common share calculations for
the three and nine months ended September 30 are as follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 

At September 30, 2016, 51,578 stock options
were excluded from the diluted weighted average common share calculation for the three months ended September 30, 2016, due to
the net loss for the quarter. 

There were 14,985 of anti-dilutive stock
options excluded from the diluted weighted average common share calculation for the three months ended September 30, 2016. At September
30, 2015, 19,324 of anti-dilutive stock options were excluded from the diluted weighted average common share calculations. 

Note 9   Stock Based Compensation  

Compensation cost is recognized for restricted
stock awards issued to employees and directors based on the fair value of these awards at the date of grant. The market price of
the Company s common shares at the date of grant is used to determine the fair value for restricted stock awards. Compensation
cost is recognized over the required service period, generally defined as the vesting period. For awards with graded vesting, compensation
cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. 

Awards for 78,036 and 53,640 restricted
shares were granted under the Company s 2014 Restricted Stock Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. The awards vest ratably over a five-year period. There were 1,429 shares and 3,434 restricted shares forfeited in
the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. There were 9,290 restricted shares forfeited in the three
months and nine months ended September 30, 2015. There were 146,411 and 81,732 unvested restricted shares at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, respectively. Compensation expense associated with amortization of restricted stock was $22,000 and $25,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Compensation expense associated with the amortization of
restricted stock was $83,000 and $59,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

The Company s outstanding stock options
may be settled for cash at the recipient s discretion; therefore, liability accounting applies to the Company s 2004
Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan under which such stock options were granted. Compensation expense is recognized based on the fair
value of these awards at the reporting date. A Black Scholes model is utilized to estimate the fair value of stock options at the
date of grant and subsequent re-measurement dates. Compensation cost is recognized over the required service period, generally
defined as the vesting period. The Company s stock option awards contain terms that provide for a graded vesting schedule
whereby portions of the award vest in increments over the requisite service period.  Changes in fair value of the options
between the vesting date and option expiration date are also recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Note 10   Subsequent Event  

On October 3, 2016, First Commonwealth
Financial Corporation ( First Commonwealth ) and the Company announced that they had entered into a definitive merger
agreement which provides for the merger of the Company with and into First Commonwealth following the satisfaction of certain closing
conditions, including approval by the Company s shareholders and approval by appropriate bank regulatory authorities (the
 Merger ). Under the terms of the definitive merger agreement, which has been unanimously approved by the board of
directors of both companies, the Company s shareholders will be entitled to receive either 1.427 shares of First Commonwealth
common stock or $14.50 in cash for each common share of the Company, subject to proration provisions set forth in the definitive
merger agreement. Aggregate cash consideration to Company shareholders is fixed at $21,283,773, which is approximately 20% of the
Merger consideration, and the remaining Merger consideration will be in the form of stock consideration. The Merger is expected
to be completed in the second quarter of 2017. 

Item 2.  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Introduction  

DCB Financial Corp is a financial holding
company headquartered in Lewis Center, Ohio, and was incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio in 1997, as a bank holding
company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. DCB is the holding company for The Delaware County Bank and Trust
Company, a commercial bank organized in 1950 and chartered under the laws of the State of Ohio (the  Bank ). 

We also have two wholly-owned, non-bank
subsidiaries, DCB Title Services, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company ( DCB Title ) and DCB Insurance Services,
LLC, an Ohio limited liability company ( DCB Insurance ). DCB Title provides standard real estate title services, while
DCB Insurance provides a variety of insurance products. The activities of each of these subsidiaries are not material to our operations.
The Bank has two wholly-owned subsidiaries, ORECO, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which is used to hold the Bank s foreclosed
real estate, and 110 Riverbend, LLC, which was used to hold real estate owned by the Bank prior to the sale of such real estate
in January 2016. 

We offer full-service banking with a broad
range of financial products to meet the needs of our commercial, retail, government, and investment management customers located
primarily in Delaware, Franklin and Union Counties in Ohio. Depository account services include interest and non-interest-bearing
checking accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, time deposit accounts, and individual retirement accounts. Our lending
activities include the making of residential and commercial mortgage loans, business lines of credit, working capital facilities
and business term loans, as well as installment loans, home equity loans, and personal lines of credit to individuals. Investment
management and trust services include personal trust, employee benefit trust, investment management, custodial, and financial planning.
Through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC, we provide financial counseling and brokerage services. We also
offer safe deposit boxes, wire transfers, collection services, drive-up banking facilities, 24-hour night depositories, automated
teller machines, 24-hour telephone banking, and internet banking. 

Forward-Looking Statements  

Certain statements in this report constitute
 forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements
relating to the financial condition and prospects, lending risks, plans for future business development and marketing activities,
capital spending and financing sources, capital structure, the effects of regulation and competition, and the prospective business
of both the Company and the Bank. Where used in this report, the words  anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect,   intend,  and similar words and expressions, related to the Company or the Bank or their respective
management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Company
and are based on information currently available to the management of the Company and the Bank and upon current expectations, estimates,
and projections about the Company and its industry, management s belief with respect thereto, and certain assumptions made
by management. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements.  

Potential risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to: (i) significant increases in competitive pressure in the banking and financial services industries; (ii)
changes in the interest rate environment which could reduce anticipated or actual margins; (iii) changes in political conditions
or the legislative or regulatory environment; (iv) general economic conditions, either nationally or regionally (especially in
central Ohio), becoming less favorable than expected resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality of assets;
(v) changes occurring in business conditions and inflation; (vi) changes in technology; (vii) changes in monetary and tax policies;
(viii) changes in the securities markets; (ix) other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the filings of the Company
with the Securities and Exchange Commission; (x) ability to obtain regulatory approvals for the Merger in a timely manner and without
significant expense or other burdens; (xi) ability to meet other closing conditions to the Merger, including approval by our shareholders;
(xii) delay in closing the Merger; (xiii) difficulties and delays in integrating the businesses of our Company and First Commonwealth
or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits; and (xiv) business disruption following the Merger. 

The Company does not undertake, and specifically
disclaims any obligation, to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Overview of the third quarter of
2016   

Third quarter results for 2016 included
after-tax costs associated with the recently announced acquisition of the Company by First Commonwealth Financial Corporation ( First
Commonwealth ) of $651,000 or $0.09 per diluted share. In the third quarter of 2015, the Company reversed a valuation allowance
that had previously been recorded against its net deferred tax assets, resulting in a one-time tax benefit in the third quarter
of 2015 of $10.7 million or $1.46 per diluted share.    

There was no provision for loan losses
recorded in the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to a negative provision for loan losses in the year ago quarter.
There was no provision for loan losses recorded in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015..     

Pending Merger  

On October 3, 2016, we announced that we
entered into a definitive merger agreement which provides for the merger of the Company with and into First Commonwealth following
the satisfaction of certain closing conditions, including approval by the Company s shareholders and approval by appropriate
bank regulatory authorities (the  Merger ). Under the terms of the definitive merger agreement, which has been unanimously
approved by the board of directors of both companies, the Company s shareholders will be entitled to receive either 1.427
shares of First Commonwealth common stock or $14.50 in cash for each common share of the Company, subject to proration provisions
set forth in the definitive merger agreement. Aggregate cash consideration to Company shareholders is fixed at $21,283,773, which
is approximately 20% of the Merger consideration, and the remaining Merger consideration will be in the form of stock consideration.
The Merger is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2017. 

Comparison of Results of Operations  

General     

A net loss of $426,000 or $0.06 per diluted
share was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $11.1 million or $1.52 per diluted
share for the same period in 2015 and to net income of $331,000 or $0.04 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2016. 

Net income was $21,000 or $0.00 per diluted
share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $11.5 million or $1.58 per diluted share for the
same period in 2015. 

Third quarter results for 2016 included
after-tax costs associated with the recently announced acquisition of the Company by First Commonwealth of $651,000 or $0.09 per
share. In the third quarter of 2015, we reversed a valuation allowance that had previously been recorded against our net deferred
tax assets, resulting in a one-time tax benefit in the third quarter of 2015 of $10.7 million or $1.46 per diluted share. A pre-tax
loss of $616,000 or $0.08 per diluted share was recorded for the third quarter of 2016, compared with pre-tax income of $400,000
or $0.06 per diluted share in the year-ago quarter. 

Net income was $21,000 or $0.00 per diluted
share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to net income of $11.5 million or $1.58 per diluted share for the
same period in 2015. A pre-tax loss of $212,000 or $0.03 per diluted share was recorded for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, compared with pre-tax income of $783,000 or $0.11 per diluted share for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Interest Income   

Net interest income totaled $4.3 million
in the quarter ended September 30, 2016, compared to $4.2 million in third quarter of 2015 and $4.2 million in the second quarter
of 2016. The net interest margin was 3.31% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 3.35% in the year-ago quarter and 3.41% in
the second quarter of 2016. The decline in the net interest margin compared to the second quarter of 2016 was attributable to growth
in interest-earning assets being concentrated in lower yielding securities and cash. 

Average interest-earning assets were $509.6
million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $496.5 million in the year-ago quarter and $499.1 million in the second quarter
of 2016. Average loans outstanding in the third quarter of 2016 were $394.4 million or 69.2% of total average interest-earning
assets, compared with $383.3 million or 71.5% in the year-ago quarter and $395.7 million or 79.3% of total average interest-earning
assets in the second quarter of 2016. 

Average interest-bearing deposit balances
were $356.8 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $350.4 million in the year-ago quarter and $342.6 million in the
second quarter of 2016. The average balances of interest-bearing demand, savings and money market accounts (transaction accounts)
increased $24.2 million to $301.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter, partially offsetting a
decrease in the average balance of time deposits of $17.7 million compared to the year-ago quarter. Transaction accounts comprised
84.5% of total interest-bearing deposits in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 79.1% in the year-ago quarter and 84.7% of total
interest-bearing deposits in the second   quarter of 2016. 

Net interest income totaled $12.6 million
in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $12.5 million in the year-ago period. The net interest margin was 3.33% for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with 3.41% in the year-ago period. 

Average interest-earning assets were $501.5
million in the first nine months of 2016, which was an increase of $9.8 million or 2.0% from the year-ago period. Average loans
outstanding in the first nine months of 2016 increased $9.8 million compared to the year-ago period, and totaled 77.9% of total
interest-earning assets in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with 77.4% in the year-ago period. 

The average balance in time deposits decreased
$18.5 million in the first nine months of 2016 compared with the year-ago period, while the average balances in lower-costing transaction
accounts increased $13.4 million. Transaction accounts comprised 83.8% of total interest-bearing deposits in the first nine months
of 2016, compared to 78.9% in the first nine months of 2015. The changes in the composition of average deposit balances in the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily the result of the movement of large municipal time deposit maturities
into money market accounts and overnight sweep accounts. 

The following table presents certain information
from the Company s average balance sheet and reflects the average yield on interest-earning assets and the average cost of
interest-bearing liabilities (dollars in thousands). Such yields and costs are derived by dividing income or expense by the average
balance of interest-earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities. Average balances are derived from daily balances. Interest
on tax-exempt securities is reported on a historical basis without tax-equivalent adjustment. Average loan balances include non-accruing
loans and loans held for sale. Loan income includes cash received on non-accruing loans. 

Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses  

Delinquent loans (including non-accrual
loans) totaled $3.7 million or 0.94% of total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $1.6 million or 0.41% of total loans at
June 30, 2016 and $1.5 million or 0.41% of total loans at December 31, 2015. Non-accrual loans totaled $3.4 million or 0.86% of
total loans at September 30, 2016, compared to $1.4 million or 0.36% of total loans at June 30, 2016 and $1.2 million or 0.32%
of total loans at December 31, 2015. The increase in non-accrual loans resulted from a commercial real estate mortgage with a balance
of $2.1 million that was moved to non-accrual status in the third quarter of 2016. 

The following tables present past due loans aged as of the dates
indicated (dollars in thousands). 

(1) As a percentage of total loans, excluding deferred costs 

Non-performing assets were $9.9 million
or 1.43% of total assets at September 30, 2016, compared to $8.0 million or 1.43% of total assets at June 30, 2016 and $7.3 million
or 1.35% of total assets at December 31, 2015. Troubled debt restructurings ( TDR s ), which are performing in
accordance with the restructured terms and accruing interest, but are included in non-performing assets, were $6.5 million at September
30, 2016, compared to $6.5 million at June 30, 2016 and $6.0 million at December 31, 2015. 

The following table represents information concerning the aggregate
amount of non-performing assets (in thousands): 

(1) TDR s that are in compliance with their modified terms
and accruing interest. 

Net recoveries of $2,000 were recorded
in the third quarter of 2016, compared to net recoveries of $255,000 in the second quarter of 2016 and net recoveries of $192,000
in the year ago quarter. There was no provision for loan losses recorded in the three months and nine months ended September 30,
2016. We recorded a negative provision for loan losses of $150,000 in the third quarter of 2015, due primarily to the net recoveries
recorded in that quarter and to the favorable impact on the allowance for loan losses of the reduction in non-performing loans
during that quarter. The negative provision for loan losses recorded in the third quarter of 2015 had the effect of offsetting
the provision for loan losses of $150,000 that was recorded in the first quarter of 2015, resulting in no provision for loan losses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The allowance for loan losses was $4.6 million at both September 30, 2016 and at
June 30, 2016 and was $4.3 million at December 31, 2015. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.18% at
September 30, 2016, compared to 1.17% at June 30, 2016 and 1.14% at December 31, 2015. 

The ratio of the allowance for loan losses
to non-performing loans (including TDR s) was 46.9% at September 30, 2016, compared to 58.0% at June 30, 2016 and 59.7% at
December 31, 2015. The ratio of the allowance for loan losses to non-accrual loans was 136% at September 30, 2016, compared to
323% at June 30, 2016 and 355% at December 31, 2015. 

We assess a number of quantitative and
qualitative factors at the individual portfolio level in determining the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses and the required
provision expense each quarter. In addition, we analyze certain broader, non-portfolio specific factors in assessing the adequacy
of the allowance for loan losses, such as the allowance as a percentage of total loans, the allowance as a percentage of non-performing
loans and the provision expense as a percentage of net charge-offs. This portion of the allowance has been considered  unallocated, 
which means it is not based on either quantitative or qualitative factors. At September 30, 2016, $346,000 or 7.5% of the allowance
for loan losses was considered to be  unallocated,  compared to $263,000 or 5.7% of the allowance for loan losses at
June 30, 2016 and $308,000 or 7.1% of the allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2015. 

The following table summarizes changes
in the allowance for loan losses arising from loans charged off, recoveries on loans previously charged off and additions to the
allowance, which have been charged to expense (in thousands). 

Non-interest Income  

The following table sets
forth certain information on non-interest income for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Non-interest income was $1.7 million in
the third quarter of 2016, compared to $1.2 million in the year-ago quarter and $1.8 million in the second quarter of 2016. Gains
on sales of loans totaled $351,000 in the third quarter of 2016, and $829,000 in the first nine months of 2016, reflecting the
launch since the second quarter of secondary market sales of SBA and residential mortgage loans. The total principal amount of
loan sales in the third quarter was $9.6 million, of which $2.1 million were the 75% guaranteed portion of SBA loans and $7.5 million
were residential mortgages. Gains on sales of SBA loans and residential mortgages in the third quarter totaled $191,000 and $160,000,
respectively, compared to $414,000 and $64,000 in the second quarter. The Company did not sell any loans in 2015 or in the second
quarter of 2016. Service charges, wealth management fees and treasury management fees increased an aggregate $115,000 or 11.0%
in the third quarter of 2016 compared with the year-ago quarter, primarily from the impact of changes to certain of the Bank s
fees and service charges and from business development activities. 

Non-interest income was $4.8 million in
the first nine months of 2016, compared to $3.6 million in the first nine months of 2015. Gains on sales of loans accounted for
approximately 65% of the increase in non-interest income, with the balance of the increase being driven by changes to certain of
the Bank s fees and service charges and from business development activities. 

Non-interest income accounted for 28.8%
of total revenue in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 22.0% in the year-ago quarter and 29.8% in the second quarter of 2016.
Non-interest income accounted for 27.8% of total revenue in the first nine months of 2016, compared with 22.1% in the year-ago
period. 

Non-interest Expense   

The following table sets
forth certain information on non-interest expenses for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Non-interest expenses were $6.6 million
for the third quarter of 2016, compared with $5.2 million in the year-ago quarter and $5.7 million for the second quarter of 2016.
Merger related expenses accounted for approximately 69% of the increase in non-interest expenses compared to the year-ago quarter.
Salaries and benefits increased $415,000 in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the year-ago quarter due primarily to the previously-announced
hiring of the small business lending team and residential mortgage originators in the fourth quarter of 2015. 

Non-interest expenses were $17.6 million
in the first nine months of 2016, compared to $15.3 million in the first nine months of 2015. Merger related expenses accounted
for $987,000, or 43% of the increase in non-interest expenses compared to the year-ago period. Salaries and benefits increased
$1.1 million due primarily to the hiring of the small business lending team and residential mortgage originators. 

The Company s efficiency ratio was
110.3% in the third quarter of 2016, compared with 95.0% in the year-ago quarter and 93.7% in the second quarter of 2016. The efficiency
ratio was 101.2% for the first nine months of 2016, compared to 95.0% in the year-ago period. 

Income Taxes  

We had net deferred tax assets totaling
$10.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $10.4 million at December 31, 2015, of which the majority are attributable to
net operating loss carry-forwards and timing differences between provision for loan losses and the charge-off of loans. 

Income tax benefit was $190,000 in the
third quarter of 2016. An income tax benefit of $233,000 was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The amount
of income tax expense or benefit recognized in each of the three quarters of 2016 was impacted by the overall amount of pre-tax
income and the amount of pre-tax income that is not subject to federal income taxes, which is comprised primarily of income from
bank-owned life insurance that was partially offset by non-deductible merger related expenses. 

Comparison of Financial Condition at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015  

Total assets were $565.4 million at September
30, 2016, compared with $556.1 million at June 30, 2016 and $541.3 million at December 31, 2015. Much of the increase in assets
in the first nine months of 2016 was in the Company s loan portfolio (including held for sale), which increased $13.0 million
or 3.4%, to $391.5 million at September 30, 2016. 

Securities  

Investment securities totaled $95.7 million
at September 30, 2016, compared with $87.8 million at December 31, 2015. Our portfolio was comprised primarily of investment grade
securities. The breakdown of the securities portfolio at September 30, 2016 was 26.7% collateralized mortgage obligations, 20.5%
government-sponsored entity guaranteed mortgage-backed securities, 26.1% municipal securities, 22.8% obligations of U.S. government
agencies and 3.9% corporate bonds. 

Loans  

The following table sets forth the composition
of our loan portfolio, excluding deferred loan costs and including loans held for sale at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Total
loans were $391.5 million at September 30, 2016, compared with $378.5 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, total
loans included $755,000 in residential mortgages held for sale.      

Deposits   

The following table sets forth the composition
of our deposit accounts, at the dates indicated (dollars in thousands): 

Deposits totaled $489.6 million at September
30, 2016, compared with $467.6 million at June 30, 2016 and $474.5 million at December 31, 2015. Most of the increase during the
quarter was the result of an increase in municipal deposit balances of $19.5 million during the quarter. 

Liquidity  

Liquidity is the ability of the Company
to fund loan originations and customers  needs for borrowing and deposit withdrawals. The purpose of liquidity management
is to assure sufficient cash flow to meet all of the financial commitments and to capitalize on opportunities for business expansion.
This ability depends on the financial strength, asset quality and types of deposit and investment instruments offered by the Company
to its customers. The Company s principal sources of funds are deposits, loan and security repayments, maturities of securities,
sales of securities available for sale and other funds provided by operations. The Bank also has the ability to borrow from the
FHLB. While scheduled loan repayments and maturing investments are relatively predictable, deposit flows and early loan and mortgage-backed
security prepayments are more influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions, and competition. The Company maintains
investments in liquid assets based upon management s assessment of (1) need for funds, (2) expected deposit flows, (3) yields
available on short-term liquid assets and (4) objectives of the asset/liability management program. 

Cash and cash equivalents totaled $31.3
million at September 30, 2016, compared to $31.9 million at December 31, 2015. Cash and cash equivalents represented 5.5% of total
assets at September 30, 2016 and 5.9% of total assets at December 31, 2015. The Company has the ability to borrow funds from the
FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank should the Company need to supplement its future liquidity. Management believes the Company s
liquidity position is adequate based on its current level of cash, cash equivalents, core deposits, the stability of its other
funding sources, and the support provided by its capital base. 

Capital Resources  

Shareholders  equity was $59.4 million
at September 30, 2016, compared with $58.8 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in shareholders  equity in the first
nine months of 2016 was attributable primarily to net income of $21,000 and to an increase in accumulated other comprehensive income
of $558,000 due to higher unrealized gains on securities available-for-sale. Treasury stock increased $104,000 during the second
quarter of 2016 as the result of repurchases of 14,750 of the Company s common shares under the stock repurchase program
announced in May 2016. The Company s tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 10.5% at September 30, 2016, compared
with 10.9% at December 31, 2015. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements  

The Bank s common equity tier 1 capital
ratio was 12.26% and its total risk-based capital ratio was 13.44% at September 30, 2016, both of which were well above the regulatory
thresholds required to be classified as a  well-capitalized  institution, which are 6.5% and 10.0%, respectively. 

Beginning on January 1, 2015, the capital
requirements for our Company and the Bank increased as a result of the phase-in of certain changes to capital requirements for
U.S. banking organizations. Consistent with the international Basel III framework, the capital requirements include a new minimum
ratio of common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and a Tier 1 common capital conservation buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted
assets that applies to all supervised financial institutions. The rule also raises the minimum ratio of tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets to 6.0% and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0% for all banking organizations. These new minimum capital ratios
became effective for us on January 1, 2015, and will be fully phased-in on January 1, 2019. 

The following table compares our actual
capital amounts for the Bank and ratios with those needed to qualify for the  well-capitalized  category, which is
the highest capital category as defined in the regulations, dollars in thousands: 

Share Repurchase Program  

On April 28, 2016, the Board of Directors
of Directors of the Company approved a share repurchase program of up to three percent of the Company s outstanding common
shares, or approximately 220,000 shares, up to $1.7 million.  The share repurchase program is authorized for up to one year.
As of September 30, 2016, the Company has repurchased 14,750 shares under this program for a total amount of $104,000. The share
repurchase program was suspended in June 2016. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosure about Market Risk   

Not required. 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures   

The Company carried out an evaluation,
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2016, pursuant to Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2016. 

There was no change in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting 

Part II   Other Information 

Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item. 

Item 1A.    Risk
                                         Factors.  

Our operations involve various risks that could have adverse consequences, including those described below and in Part I, Item
1A,  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.   

Risks Related to the Merger with First
Commonwealth Financial Corporation  

The Merger cannot be completed unless a number of conditions
in the merger agreement are satisfied or waived.    

The merger agreement contains a number
of conditions that must be satisfied or waived in order to complete the Merger. Those conditions include: approval of the Merger
by our shareholders, receipt of all required regulatory approvals, absence of any law, statute or regulation, or any order, injunction
or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the completion of the Merger, effectiveness of the registration statement filed
in connection with the Merger, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of both parties to the merger agreement, the
performance by both parties to the merger agreement of their respective covenants and agreements, and the receipt by both parties
of legal opinions from their respective tax counsels. There can be no assurance that the conditions to closing of the Merger will
be fulfilled or that the Merger will be completed. 

Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer
than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met.    

Before the Merger may be completed, various
approvals must be obtained from bank regulatory agencies and other governmental authorities. These governmental entities may not
grant approval of the Merger, or may impose conditions on the granting of their approvals. The conditions or changes they impose,
as well as the process of obtaining regulatory approvals, could have the effect of delaying completion of the Merger or of imposing
additional costs or limitations on First Commonwealth following the Merger. First Commonwealth may elect not to consummate the
Merger if, in connection with any regulatory approval needed for the Merger, any governmental or regulatory entity imposes a restriction,
requirement or condition on First Commonwealth that, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a material
and adverse effect on First Commonwealth and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the Merger. As a result,
there can be no assurance that the desired regulatory approvals for the Merger will be obtained or that the Merger will be completed. 

Termination of the merger agreement could negatively affect
our businesses and the market price of our common shares.    

If the merger agreement is terminated,
there may be various consequences, including: 

our businesses may have been adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the Merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the Merger; and    

the market price of our common shares may decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the Merger will be completed.   

If the merger agreement is terminated and
our board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, our shareholders cannot be certain that we will be able to
find a party willing to offer equivalent or more attractive consideration than the consideration First Commonwealth has agreed
to pay in the Merger. 

If the merger agreement is terminated under
certain circumstances, we may be required to pay First Commonwealth a termination fee of $5.3 million. 

If the Merger is not completed, we will have incurred
substantial expenses without our shareholders realizing the expected benefits of the Merger.    

We have already incurred, and will continue
to incur, substantial expenses in connection with the Merger and the transactions contemplated thereby, which are charged to earnings
as incurred. If the Merger is not completed, these expenses will have a material adverse impact on our operating results even though
we will not have realized the expected benefits of the Merger. There can be no assurance that the Merger will be completed. 

The merger agreement limits our ability to pursue alternatives
to the Merger with First Commonwealth    

The merger agreement contains provisions
that restrict our ability to discuss, facilitate or enter into agreements with third parties to acquire us. We are not required
to comply with this restriction if compliance would reasonably be expected to cause our board of directors to breach its fiduciary
duties. Even if we were to avail ourselves of that limited exception, we could be obligated to pay First Commonwealth a termination
fee of $5.3 million if either we or First Commonwealth terminates the merger agreement under specified circumstances. In any event,
the presence of those restrictions in the merger agreement could discourage a potential competing acquiror that may have an interest
in acquiring us from proposing or considering an acquisition even if that potential acquiror were prepared to pay a higher price
to our shareholders than the Merger consideration offered by First Commonwealth. 

We will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual
restrictions while the Merger is pending.    

Uncertainties about the effect of the Merger
on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on us. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and
motivate key personnel until the Merger is completed, and could cause customers and others who deal with us to consider changing
existing business relationships with us. Retention of certain employees may be challenging during the pendency of the Merger, as
certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. If key employees depart because
of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the business, our business prior
to the Merger. 

The pursuit of the Merger and the preparation
for the integration may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. Any significant diversion of management
attention away from the ongoing business and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect
our financial results. 

In addition, the merger agreement restricts
us from taking specified actions relative to our business without the prior consent of First Commonwealth. These restrictions may
prevent us from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Some of our directors and executive officers have interests
in the Merger that may differ from the interests of our shareholders including, if the Merger is completed, the receipt of financial
and other benefits.    

Our directors and executive officers may
have economic interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of our shareholders generally.
For example, once the Merger is completed, it is expected that each of our executive officers will be entitled to change-in-control
payments and accelerated vesting of equity-based compensation under our compensation programs. In addition, the executive officers
may receive  stay bonuses  if they remain employed by us through the closing date of the Merger. 

Our directors will receive, once the Merger
is completed, accelerated vesting of equity-based compensation. Additionally, following completion of the Merger, the First Commonwealth
and First Commonwealth Bank boards of directors will each be enlarged by one seat, and one of our directors, as mutually agreed
upon by First Commonwealth and us, will be appointed to serve on the First Commonwealth and First Commonwealth Bank boards of directors.
The merger agreement also provides for the continued indemnification of our current and former directors and executive officers
following the Merger and for the continuation of directors  and officers  insurance for these individuals for six years
after the Merger. 

Our shareholders will have a reduced ownership and voting
interest after the Merger and will exercise less influence over management.    

Following the Merger, our shareholders
are expected to hold approximately 9% of the outstanding shares of First Commonwealth common stock. As a result, our shareholders
will have only limited ability to influence First Commonwealth s business. Our shareholders will not have separate approval
rights with respect to any actions or decisions of First Commonwealth or have separate representation on First Commonwealth s
or First Commonwealth Bank s board of directors. 

The shares of First Commonwealth common stock to be received
by our shareholders as consideration in the Merger will have different rights from our common shares.   

The rights associated with our
common shares are different from the rights associated with First Commonwealth common stock in certain significant respects. Upon
completion of the Merger, our shareholders who receive shares of First Commonwealth common stock as consideration in the Merger
will become First Commonwealth shareholders and their rights as shareholders will be governed by the articles of incorporation
and by-laws of First Commonwealth and provisions of Pennsylvania law applicable to companies formed in Pennsylvania, like First
Commonwealth. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

a) Not applicable   

b) Not applicable   

c) On May 2, 2016, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had authorized the repurchase of up to 3% of the Company s
outstanding common stock, or approximately 220,683 shares, over a 12-month period. The share repurchase program was suspended in
June 2016. The table below sets forth the information with respect to purchases made by the Company of its common stock during
the quarter ended September 30, 2016:   

Item 3.    Defaults upon Senior Securities.  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item.   

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosures.  

There are no matters required to be reported under this item.   

Item 5.    Other Information.  

There are no matters required
to be reported under this item. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

Exhibits   The following exhibits are filed
as a part of this report: 

* Filed herewith. ** Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DCB FINANCIAL CORP    

(Registrant)   

Dated:   November 14 , 2016   
      /s/ Ronald J. Seiffert   

Ronald J. Seiffert   

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated:   November 14, 2016   
      /s/ J. Daniel Mohr   

J. Daniel Mohr   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452565_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Ronald J. Seiffert certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DCB Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:   November 14 , 2016    
      /s/ Ronald J. Seiffert   

Ronald J. Seiffert   

Title:  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452565_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, J. Daniel Mohr, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of DCB Financial Corp.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:  November 14, 2016     
      /s/ J. Daniel Mohr     

J. Daniel Mohr   

Title:  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452565_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of DCB Financial Corp
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ronald J. Seiffert, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 14, 2016  

/s/ Ronald J. Seiffert  

Ronald J. Seiffert  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452565_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ENACTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of DCB Financial Corp
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, J. Daniel Mohr, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as enacted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company.   

Dated: November 14 , 2016  

/s/ J. Daniel Mohr  

J. Daniel Mohr  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 dcbf-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 dcbf-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 dcbf-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 dcbf-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 dcbf-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 dcbf-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

