<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1598981_0000721748-16-001780_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4359398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>292733</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>244540</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1360233</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1476731</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>813835</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>127</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721748-16-001780.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114172801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721748-16-001780
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SQL Technologies Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001598981
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				463645414
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55416
		FILM NUMBER:		161996081

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 NORTH POINT PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 154
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-754-4711

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 NORTH POINT PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 154
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Safety Quick Lighting & Fans Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721748-16-001780.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 sfql10q111116.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

[x]       QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

OR 

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________to
____________ 

Commission File Number 333-197821  

SQL TECHNOLOGIES CORP.  

 (Exact name of small business issuer as specified
in its charter) 

FLORIDA   
       46-3645414    
 
       (State
                                         or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation
        or organization)   
       (I.R.S.
                                         Employer Identification No.)  

4400 North Point Parkway  

  Suite 154  

  Alpharetta, GA 30022  

 (Address, including zip code, of principal
executive offices) 

(770) 754-4711  

 (Issuer s telephone number) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [x] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every 

 Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [x] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerate filer [ ]  Accelerated
Filer [ ] 

  Non-accelerated filer [ ]  Smaller
reporting company [x] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes  [ ] No  [x] 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: As of November 14, 2016, the issuer had
47,276,499 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART
    I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      1   
 
      Item
    1. Consolidated Financial Statements  
      1   
 
      Item
    2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      29   
 
      Item
    3. Quantitative   Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks  
      41   
 
      Item
    4. Controls and Procedures  
      41   
 
      PART
    II OTHER INFORMATION  
      42   
 
      Item
    1. Legal Proceedings  
      42   
 
      Item
    1A. Risk Factors  
     4 2   
 
      Item
    2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
      42   
 
      Item
    3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  
     43    
 
      Item
    5. Other Information  
      43   
 
      Item
    6. Exhibits  
     44    

Unless we have indicated otherwise or the
context otherwise requires, references in this Quarter Report on Form 10-Q to the  Company ,  we ,  us ,
and  our  or similar terms are to  SQL Technologies Corp.  

PART I.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements 

SQL Technologies Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets  

Table Of Contents        1        

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.   

Table Of Contents        2        

SQL Technologies Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Operations  

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table Of Contents        3        

SQL Technologies Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  

  (Unaudited)  

Table Of Contents        4        

Supplementary disclosure
    of non-cash financing activities:  

Reduction
    in principal balance of notes from escrow balance  
       $                                          -  
         
       $                                           -   
 
      Debt
    discount recorded on convertible debt accounted for as a derivative liability  
      $                                          -  
         
       $                                           -   
 
      Reclassification
    of derivative liability to additional paid-in-capital  
      $                       45,015,362  
         
       $                                           -   

Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information  

Cash paid during the period for:  

Interest  
       $                                75,887  
         
       $                             457,297   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

Table Of Contents        5        

SQL Technologies Corp. and Subsidiary  

  Notes to Condensed Financial Statements  

Note 1 Organization and Nature of Operations   

SQL Technologies Corp. (f/k/a
Safety  Quick Lighting    Fans Corp.), a Florida corporation (the  Company ),
was  originally  organized in May  2004  as
a limited  liability  company  under the  name
 of  Safety  Quick   Light,
 LLC. The Company was converted to corporation  on  November  6,
  2012.  Effective  August   12,
  2016,   the  Company  changed
its  name  from   Safety  Quick Lighting
   Fans Corp.  to  SQL Technologies Corp.  The Company  holds  a
number  of worldwide patents,  and has received a variety  of
 final electrical  code  approvals,  including
  UL  Listing and CSA approval  (for   the
United  States and  Canadian  Markets), and CE  (for
  the  European market). The Company maintains offices in Georgia, Florida and
in Foshan, Peoples  Republic   of  
  China.  

The Company is engaged
in the business of developing proprietary technology that enables a quick and safe installation of electrical fixtures, such as
light fixtures and ceiling fans, by the use of a power plug installed in ceiling and wall electrical junction boxes. The Company s
main technology consists of a weight bearing, fixable socket and a revolving plug for conducting electric power and supporting
an electrical appliance attached to a wall or ceiling. The socket is comprised of a nonconductive body that houses conductive rings
connectable to an electric power supply through terminals in its side exterior. 

The  plug
 is also comprised  of  a  nonconductive body
  that houses  corresponding  conductive  rings,
 attaches  to  the  socket  via
 a male post and is  capable of  feeding electric  power
 to an  appliance.  The  plug includes  a
second structural element  allowing  it to revolve and a releasable  latching
which,   when engaged, provides  a retention force  between
  the  socket and  the plug  to prevent
disengagement. The socket and  plug  can  be detached
by  releasing  the   latch, thereby disengaging
  the  electric  power   from
  the plug.  The socket is  designed  to
replace  the  support bar incorporated in electric  junction
  boxes,  and  the plug  can  be
installed  in  light  fixtures,  ceiling  fans
and  wall  sconce   fixtures. 

The Company markets consumer
friendly, energy saving  plugin  ceiling fans and light fixtures under the General Electric Company ( GE 
or  General Electric ) brand as well as  conventional  ceiling lights and fans carrying the GE brand. The
Company also owns 98.8% of SQL Lighting   Fans LLC (the  Subsidiary ). The Subsidiary was formed in Florida on
April 27, 2011, and is in the business of manufacturing the patented device that the Company owns. The Subsidiary had no activity
during the periods presented. 

The Company s fiscal year end is December  31.  

Note 2 Summary  of
 Significant   Accounting Policies   

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP) under the accrual basis of accounting.    

Table Of Contents        6        

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial
statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. 

Such estimates and assumptions
impact both assets and liabilities, including but not limited to: net realizable value of accounts receivable and inventory, estimated
useful lives and potential impairment of property and equipment, the valuation of intangible assets, estimate of fair value of
share based payments and derivative liabilities, estimates of fair value of warrants issued and recorded as debt discount, estimates
of tax liabilities and estimates of the probability and potential magnitude of contingent liabilities. 

Making estimates requires management
to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation
or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate
could change in the near term due to one or more future nonconforming events. Accordingly, actual results could differ significantly
from estimates. 

Risks and Uncertainties  

The Company s operations
are subject to risk and uncertainties including financial, operational, regulatory and other risks including the potential risk
of business failure. 

The Company has experienced,
and in the future expects to continue to experience, variability in its sales and earnings. The factors expected to contribute
to this variability include, among others, (i) the uncertainty associated with the commercialization and ultimate success of the
product, (ii) competition inherent at large national retail chains where product is expected to be sold (iii) general economic
conditions and (iv) the related volatility of prices pertaining to the cost of sales. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of SQL Technologies Corp. (f/k/a Safety Quick Lighting and Fans Corp.) and the Subsidiary, SQL
Lighting   Fans LLC. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Non-controlling Interest  

In May 2012, in connection
with the sale of the Company s membership units in the Subsidiary, the Company s ownership percentage in the Subsidiary
decreased from 98.8% to 94.35%. The Company then reacquired these membership units in September 2013, increasing the ownership
percentage from 94.35% back to 98.8%. During 2014, there was no activity in the Subsidiary. Its pro rata share of the Company s
2014 and 2015 loss from operations is recognized in the financial statements. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost and represent
cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions, and all highly liquid investments with an
original maturity of three months or less. The Company had $4,997,643 and  $450,868  in
money market as  of  September  30, 2016  and
December  31, 2015,  respectively. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

Accounts receivable are
recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary
course of business but mitigates the associated risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts. 

Table Of Contents        7        

The Company recognizes an  allowance
 for losses  on accounts  receivable in an amount  equal
 to  the  estimated  probable  losses
net  of  recoveries. The  allowance  is based
 on  an  analysis of  historical bad  debt
 experience, current receivables  aging,  and  expected
 future bad debts, as  well  as an assessment  of
 specific  identifiable  customer  accounts  considered
at risk  or     uncollectible.  

The Company s net balance of
accounts receivable for three months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015: 

All amounts are deemed
collectible at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and accordingly, the Company has not incurred any bad debt expense at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Inventory  

Inventory consists  of
 finished  goods  purchased,  which  are
 valued  at  the lower   of
 cost  or  market  value,   with
 cost  being  determined  on   the
 first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The Company  periodically  reviews historical
sales  activity  to determine  potentially   obsolete
 items and also  evaluates   the  impact
 of  any  anticipated changes  in future 
 demand. 

At September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015, the Company had $2,969,766 and $263,871 in inventory, respectively. The Company will maintain an allowance based
on specific inventory items that have shown no activity over a 24-month period. The Company tracks inventory as it is disposed,
scrapped or sold at below cost to determine whether additional items on hand should be reduced in value through an allowance method.
As of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, the Company has determined that no allowance is required. 

Valuation of Long-lived Assets and Identifiable Intangible Assets  

The Company reviews for
impairment of long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of any asset may not be recoverable. In the event of impairment, the asset is written down to its fair
market value. The Company determined no impairment adjustment was necessary for the periods presented. 

Property and Equipment  

Property and  equipment
 is stated at cost, less accumulated  depreciation,  and is reviewed for impairment
 whenever events or changes  in circumstances  indicate
  that   the  carrying amount  of
 an asset may  not   be  
 recoverable. 

Depreciation
of  property and  equipment  is  provided   utilizing
the  straight-line method  over   the  estimated
useful lives, ranging  from   5 to 7  years
 of   the  respective assets.  Expenditures
 for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as   incurred. 

Upon sale or retirement
of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is
reflected in the statements of operations. 

Table Of Contents        8        

Intangible Asset Patent  

The Company developed a
patent for an installation device used in light fixtures and ceiling fans. Costs incurred for submitting the applications to the
United States Patent and Trademark Office for these patents have been capitalized. Patent costs are being amortized using the straight-line
method over the related 15 year lives. The Company begins amortizing patent costs once a filing receipt is received stating the
patent serial number and filing date from the Patent Office. 

The Company incurs certain
legal and related costs in connection with patent applications. The Company capitalizes such costs to be amortized over the expected
life of the patent to the extent that an economic benefit is anticipated from the resulting patent or alternative future use is
available to the Company. The Company also capitalizes legal costs incurred in the defense of the Company s patents when
it is believed that the future economic benefit of the patent will be maintained or increased and a successful defense is probable.
Capitalized patent defense costs are amortized over the remaining expected life of the related patent. The Company s assessment
of future economic benefit or a successful defense of its patents involves considerable management judgment, and an unfavorable
outcome of litigation could result in a material impairment charge up to the carrying value of these assets. 

GE Trademark Licensing Agreement  

The Company entered
 into  a  Trademark  License Agreement  with
 General Electric  on  September, 2011 (the  License Agreement )  allowing
the  Company to  utilize the   GE trademark   on
products   which  meet  the  stringent
manufacturing and  quality  requirements  of  General
Electric (the  GE  Trademark  License ).  As
 described further in  Note  5 to these financial statements,  the
 Company and General Electric amended  the  License Agreement in  August
  2014.   As  a result  of
that  amendment,  the  Company is required to pay a minimum trademark  licensing
 fee (the   Royalty   Obligation )
 to General Electric  of $12,000,000.  The repayment  schedule
 is based  on  a percent  of  sales,  with
 any  unpaid   balance   due
 in November  2018.   Under   SFAS
  142  Accounting  for Certain  Intangible
 Assets   the  Company has   recorded 
  the   value   of  
  the  Licensing   Agreement 
 and    will  amortize it 
  over     the 
life  of     the 
License   Agreement,    which  
 is   60 months. 

The Company measures
assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements,
which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be,
in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework
for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned
a hierarchical level. 

The following are the hierarchical
levels of inputs to measure fair value: 

Level
                                         1   Observable  inputs   that
                                          reflect  quoted  market prices in  active
                                          markets for  identical  assets  or
                                         liabilities.     

Level
                                         2  Inputs  reflect  quoted
                                          prices for  identical  assets  or
                                           liabilities  in markets  that
                                          are  not   active 
                                           quoted  prices for similar assets  or
                                           liabilities  in  active
                                          markets   inputs other   than
                                           quoted  prices  that
                                          are observable for  the  assets  or
                                         liabilities  or   inputs   that
                                          are derived  principally   from
                                           or  corroborated  by
                                          observable market  data by  correlation
                                          or   other
                                          means.    

Level
                                         3    Unobservable   inputs
                                          reflecting  the  Company s assumptions
                                         incorporated in  valuation techniques  used
                                         to determine fair  value.  These assumptions
                                         are required to  be  consistent  with
                                          market  participant  assumptions  that
                                          are reasonably  available.     

Table Of Contents        9        

The carrying amounts of
the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts payable  
accrued expenses, certain notes payable and notes payable   related party, approximate their fair values because of the short
maturity of these instruments. 

The Company accounts for its derivative liabilities,
at fair value, on a recurring basis under Level 3. See Note 9. 

Embedded Conversion Features  

The Company evaluates
embedded conversion features within convertible debt under ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging  to determine whether the
embedded conversion feature(s) should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at fair value with
changes in fair value recorded in earnings. If the conversion feature does not require derivative treatment under ASC 815, the
instrument is evaluated under ASC 47020  Debt with Conversion and Other Options  for consideration of any beneficial
conversion features. 

Derivative Financial Instruments  

The Company does not use
derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates all of it financial
instruments, including stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify
as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument
is initially recorded at its fair value and is then revalued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported as
charges or credits to income. 

For option based simple
derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black Scholes option pricing model to value the derivative instruments at
inception and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should
be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed at the end of each reporting period. 

Beneficial Conversion Feature  

For conventional convertible
debt where the rate of conversion is below market value, the Company records a  beneficial conversion feature  ( BCF )
and related debt discount. 

When the Company records a BCF, the
relative fair value of the BCF is recorded as a debt discount against the face amount of the respective debt instrument (offset
to additional paid in capital) and amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. 

Debt Issue Costs and Debt Discount  

The Company may record
debt issue costs and/or debt discounts in connection with raising funds through the issuance of debt. These costs may be paid in
the form of cash, or equity (such as warrants). These costs are amortized to interest expense over the life of the debt. If a conversion
of the underlying debt occurs, a proportionate share of the unamortized amounts is immediately expensed. 

Original Issue Discount  

For certain  convertible
debt  issued,  the  Company may  provide   the
  debt   holder with  an  original
 issue  discount.  The  original  issue
 discount   would   be
 recorded to  debt discount,  reducing  the
 face amount  of   the note  and is amortized
to interest expense  over   the  life  of
  the     debt.  

Extinguishments of Liabilities  

The Company accounts for
extinguishments of liabilities in accordance with ASC 86010 (formerly SFAS 140)  Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of
Financial Assets and Extinguishment of Liabilities . When the conditions are met for extinguishment accounting, the liabilities
are derecognized and the gain or loss on the sale is recognized. 

Stock Based Compensation   Employees  

The Company accounts
for its stock based compensation in which the Company obtains employee services in share based payment transactions under the recognition
and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 7181030 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.
Pursuant to paragraph 71810306 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, all transactions in which goods or services are the
consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. 

The measurement date used
to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete or
the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. 

If the Company is a newly
formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded, the use of share prices established in the Company s most
recent private placement memorandum (based on sales to third parties), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally
be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread
between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. 

The fair value of share
options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black Scholes option pricing valuation model. The ranges
of assumptions for inputs are as follows: 

Expected
                                         term  of  share  options
                                          and similar instruments: The  expected  life
                                          of   options
                                          and similar instruments represents  the  period
                                          of    time
                                          the  
                                           option  
                                           and/or  
                                          warrant are    expected
                                          to  be  
                                           outstanding.  
                                          Pursuant to   Paragraph 
                                          71810502(f)(2)(i)    of
                                           the  
                                           FASB   Accounting
                                          Standards  Codification   the
                                           expected  term  of
                                          share  options  and similar instruments
                                         represents  the  period  of
                                          time  the   options
                                          and similar instruments are  expected  to
                                          be   outstanding
                                         taking into  consideration  of   the
                                          contractual term  of   the
                                          instruments and employees   expected
                                          exercise and post  vesting  employment
                                         termination  behavior into the  fair  value
                                          (or  calculated value) of   the
                                          instruments. Pursuant to paragraph  71810S991,
                                          it may  be  appropriate to use  the
                                          simplified method, i.e.,  expected  term
                                         = ((vesting term +  original  contractual term)
                                         / 2), if (i) A company  does   not
                                           have  sufficient historical exercise
                                          data  to  provide
                                          a reasonable basis  upon which  to estimate
                                          expected  term  due
                                          to  the  limited period  of
                                          time  its   equity
                                          shares  have  been  publicly
                                          traded  (ii) A company  significantly
                                         changes   the  terms  of
                                         its  share  option  grants  or
                                           the types   of
                                          employees  that  receive share  option
                                          grants such  that its  historical exercise
                                          data  may  no
                                           longer   provide
                                          a reasonable basis  upon which  to estimate
                                          expected  term   or
                                          (iii) A company has  or expects  to  have
                                          significant structural  changes  in  its
                                          business such  that its  historical exercise
                                          data  may  no
                                           longer   provide
                                          a reasonable basis  upon which  to estimate
                                          expected  term. The Company uses  the
                                          simplified method to  calculate expected  term
                                          of  share  options
                                          and similar instruments as  the  Company
                                          does   not
                                           have  sufficient historical exercise
                                          data  to  provide
                                          a reasonable basis  upon which  to estimate
                                          expected  
                                          term.    

Expected
                                          volatility   of
                                           the  entity s shares and  the
                                          method used to estimate  it.  Pursuant
                                         to ASC Paragraph  71810502(f)  (2)(ii) a  thinly
                                          traded  or   nonpublic
                                           entity   that
                                          uses  the   calculated
                                           value  method shall disclose  the
                                          reasons  why  it is  not
                                          practicable for  the  Company to estimate
                                          the   expected
                                           volatility   of
                                         its  share price,  the  appropriate industry
                                         sector  index   that
                                          it has selected,  the  reasons for selecting
                                          that  particular  index,
                                          and  how  it has  calculated
                                          historical  volatility   using
                                         that   index.  The Company uses  the
                                          average historical  volatility   of
                                           the  comparable companies  over
                                           the   expected
                                          contractual life  of   the
                                          share  options   or
                                          similar instruments as  its expected volatility.
                                           If  shares  of
                                          a company are  thinly  traded  the
                                          use  of weekly or monthly  price  observations
                                           would  generally  be
                                          more appropriate  than   the
                                          use  of daily  price  observations
                                          as  the volatility   calculation
                                         using daily observations  for such shares  could
                                           be  artificially inflated  due
                                          to a larger spread  between   the
                                         bid  and asked  quotes  and lack  of
                                          consistent trading in  the  
                                          market    

Expected
                                          annual  rate  of
                                          quarterly  dividends.   An
                                           entity   that
                                          uses a method  that  employs different
                                          dividend  rates  during
                                           the  contractual term shall disclose
                                          the  range  of
                                         expected   dividends  used and  the
                                         weighted  average  expected   dividends.
                                          The  expected   dividend
                                           yield  is based  on
                                           the  Company s current  dividend
                                           yield  as  the
                                          best estimate  of  projected  dividend
                                           yield  for 
                                          periods    within
                                         the     expected
                                          term    of
                                           the  
                                          share    options
                                          and   similar 
                                          instruments.    

Risk-free
                                          rate(s).   An
                                           entity   that
                                          uses a method  that  employs different
                                          risk-free  rates shall disclose  the
                                          range  of  risk  free
                                          rates used. The risk  free  interest
                                         rate is based  on   the
                                          U.S.  Treasury   yield
                                          curve in  effect  at  the
                                          time  of  grant for periods  within
                                         the   expected  term 
                                           of  
                                           the  
                                          share    options
                                          and   similar 
                                          instruments.    

Generally, all  forms
  of  share based payments,  including  stock
 option  grants, warrants and restricted stock grants and stock  appreciation
 rights are measured at  their  fair  value
  on   the  awards  grant  date,
 based  on  estimated number  of  awards
 that  are  ultimately expected  to 
 vest. 

The expense resulting  from
 share based payments is recorded in general and administrative expense in  the  statements
 of  operations. 

Stock Based Compensation   Non-Employees   

Equity     Instruments
  Issued   to  Parties  Other
 Than Employees for Acquiring Goods  or    Services  

The Company accounts for equity
instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance of Subtopic 50550 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification ( Subtopic 50550 ). 

Pursuant to ASC Section 5055030,
all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted
for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the
date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. If the Company is a
newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company s
most recent private placement memorandum, or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the
use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked
quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market. 

The fair value of share
options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing valuation model. The ranges
of assumptions for inputs are as follows: 

Expected
                                         term  of  share  options
                                          and similar instruments: Pursuant to Paragraph 71810502(f)(2)(i)  of
                                           the   FASB
                                           Accounting  Standards  Codification
                                           the   expected
                                          term  of  share  options
                                          and similar instruments represents  the  period
                                          of  time  the
                                           options  and similar instruments are
                                          expected  to  be
                                           outstanding taking into  consideration
                                          of   the
                                          contractual term  of   the
                                          instruments and holder s  expected  exercise
                                          behavior into the  fair  value
                                          (or  calculated value) of   the
                                          instruments. The Company uses historical  data
                                          to estimate holder s  expected  exercise
                                         behavior.  If   the
                                          Company is a  newly   formed
                                          corporation  or  shares  of
                                           the  Company are  thinly
                                          traded  the  contractual term  of
                                           the  share  options
                                          and similar instruments is used as  the   expected
                                          term  of  share  options
                                          and similar instruments as  the  Company
                                          does   not
                                           have  sufficient historical exercise
                                          data  to  provide
                                          a reasonable basis  upon which  to estimate
                                          expected  
                                          term.    

Expected
                                          volatility   of
                                           the  entity s shares and  the
                                          method used to estimate  it.  Pursuant
                                         to ASC Paragraph  71810502(f)  (2)(ii) a  thinly
                                          traded  or   nonpublic
                                           entity   that
                                          uses  the   calculated
                                           value  method shall disclose  the
                                          reasons  why  it is  not
                                          practicable for  the  Company to estimate
                                          the   expected
                                           volatility   of
                                         its  share price,  the  appropriate industry
                                         sector  index   that
                                          it has selected,  the  reasons for selecting
                                          that  particular  index,
                                          and  how  it has  calculated
                                          historical  volatility   using
                                         that   index.  The Company uses  the
                                          average historical  volatility   of
                                           the  comparable companies  over
                                           the   expected
                                          contractual life  of   the
                                          share  options   or
                                          similar instruments as  its expected volatility.
                                           If  shares  of
                                          a company are  thinly  traded  the
                                          use  of weekly or monthly  price  observations
                                           would  generally  be
                                          more appropriate  than   the
                                          use  of daily  price  observations
                                          as  the volatility   calculation
                                         using daily observations  for such shares  could
                                           be  artificially inflated  due
                                          to a larger spread  between   the
                                         bid  and asked  quotes  and lack  of
                                          consistent trading in  the  
                                          market.    

Expected
                                          annual  rate  of
                                          quarterly  dividends.   An
                                           entity   that
                                          uses a method  that  employs different
                                          dividend  rates  during
                                           the  contractual term shall disclose
                                          the  range  of
                                         expected   dividends  used and  the
                                         weighted  average  expected   dividends.
                                          The  expected   dividend
                                           yield  is based  on
                                           the  Company s current  dividend
                                           yield  as  the
                                          best estimate  of  projected  dividend
                                           yield  for 
                                          periods    within
                                         the     expected
                                          term    of
                                           the  
                                          share    options
                                          and   similar 
                                          instruments.    

Risk-free
                                          rate(s).   An
                                           entity   that
                                          uses a method  that  employs different
                                         risk-free rates shall disclose  the  range
                                          of  riskfree rates used. The risk-free interest
                                         rate is based  on   the
                                          U.S.  Treasury   yield
                                          curve in  effect  at  the
                                          time  of  grant for periods  within
                                         the   expected  term 
                                           of  
                                           the  
                                          share    options
                                          and   similar 
                                          instruments.    

Pursuant to ASC paragraph
50550257, if fully vested, no forfeitable equity instruments are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement
for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee to retain those equity instruments), then, because of
the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn the equity instruments, a measurement date has been reached.
A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued (in most cases, when the agreement is entered into). Whether
the corresponding cost is an immediate expense or a prepaid asset (or whether the debit should be characterized as contra equity
under the requirements of paragraph 50550451) depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Pursuant to ASC paragraph 50550451,
a grantor may conclude that an asset (other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested, non-forfeitable
equity instruments that are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific
performance is required by the grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra
equity by the grantor of the equity instruments. 

The transferability (or
lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions
in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange for goods or services. Section 5055030 provides
guidance on the determination of the measurement date for transactions that are within the scope of this Subtopic. 

Pursuant to Paragraphs
 50550258  and  50550259,  an  entity
 may grant fully vested, non-forfeitable  equity  instruments  that
 are exercisable  by   the  grantee  only
 after a specified period  of  time if  the
 terms  of   the  agreement  provide
 for earlier exercisability if  the  grantee  achieves
 specified performance  conditions. Any  measured cost  of
  the  transaction shall  be  recognized
in  the  same period(s) and in  the  same manner
as if  the entity  had  paid  cash for  the
  goods   or  services  or
 used cash rebates as a sales  discount  instead  of
  paying with,   or using,   the
equity  instruments. A recognized asset, expense,  or  sales  discount
 shall  not   be  reversed if a share
 option  and similar instrument  that   the
 counterparty has  the  right to exercise expires 
 unexercised. 

Pursuant to ASC paragraph
5055030S991, if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested, forfeitable equity instruments,
those equity instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is, the instruments
are not considered issued until they vest). Consequently, there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded. 

Revenue Recognition  

The Company derives revenues
from the sale of GE branded fans and lighting fixtures to large retailers through retail and online sales. 

Revenue is recorded when
all of the following have occurred: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) asset is transferred to the customer
without further obligation, (3) the sales price to the customer is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably
assured. 

Cost of Sales  

Cost of sales represents costs directly
related to the production and third party manufacturing of the Company s products. 

Product sold is typically
shipped directly to the customer from the third party manufacturer  cost associated with shipping and handling is shown as
a component of cost of sales. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share  

Basic net earnings
(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding
during each period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) for the period by the weighted
average number of common stock, common stock equivalents and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during each period. 

The Company uses the  treasury
stock  method to determine whether there is a dilutive effect of outstanding convertible debt, option and warrant contracts.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reflected net loss and a dilutive net loss, and the effect of
considering any common stock equivalents would have been antidilutive for the period. Therefore, separate computation of diluted
earnings (loss) per share is not presented for the periods presented. 

The Company has the following common stock equivalents
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Related Parties  

The Company follows subtopic
85010 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 8501020
the related parties include (a) Affiliates of the Company  (b) Entities for which investments in their equity securities would
be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity  (c) Trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension
and profit sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management  (d) Principal owners of the Company 
(e) Management of the Company  (f) Other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly
influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented
from fully pursuing its own separate interests  and (g) Other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests. 

The  consolidated
 financial statements shall  include  disclosures  of
 material related party transactions,  other   than
 compensation arrangements, expense  allowances,  and  other
 similar items in  the  ordinary course  of
 business. However, disclosure  of  transactions  that
 are eliminated in  the  preparation  of consolidated
or  combined financial statements is  not  required in  those
 statements. The disclosures shall  include:   (a).
  the  nature  of   the
 relationship(s)  involved    (b).  a
description  of   the  transactions,  including
 transactions to  which   no  amounts
 or  nominal amounts were ascribed, for each  of   the
 periods for  which  income statements are presented, and such  other
 information deemed necessary to an  understanding of   the
 effects  of   the  transactions  on
  the  financial statements   (c).   the
dollar    amounts  of  transactions for
each  of   the  periods for  which
 income statements are presented and  the  effects  of
 any  change  in  the  method  of
establishing   the  terms  from   that
 used in  the  preceding period  and  (d).
 amounts  due   from   or
 to related parties as  of   the   date
of  each  balance  sheet presented  and,  if
 not  otherwise apparent,  the  terms and manner
 of    settlement. 

Contingencies  

The Company  follows
  subtopic   45020   of
  the   FASB   Accounting
 Standards  Codification  to report  accounting
 for  contingencies.  Certain  conditions  may
exist as  of   the   date
  the   consolidated  financial statements
are issued,  which  may result in a loss to  the  
 Company  but which will only   be  resolved
 when   one   or
 more future  events occur or  fail to occur. The Company assesses such  contingent
  liabilities,  and such assessment  inherently
  involves  an exercise  of judgment.   In
 assessing loss  contingencies  related to  legal
proceedings that  are  pending  against  the
 Company  or  un-asserted claims  that  may
result in such proceedings,  the  Company  evaluates
  the  perceived merits  of  any  legal
proceedings or  un-asserted claims as  well  as  the
 perceived merits  of   the  amount  of
 relief  sought or expected  to  be sought  
 therein. 

If the assessment of a
contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated,
then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of
the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote
are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. However, there is
no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, consolidated financial position,
and consolidated results of operations or consolidated cash flows. 

Subsequent Events  

The Company follows the
guidance in Section 8551050 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company
will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements are issued. 

Pursuant to ASU 201009 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are
widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

In
 April  2015,   the   FASB
 issued  Accounting  Standards  Update No.
  201503,  Interest Imputation  of  Interest
(Topic  83530):  Simplifying  the  Presentation
 of Debt  Issuance Costs ( ASU  201503 ).
 ASU  201503  requires  that debt  issuance
costs related to a recognized  debt   liability   be
 presented in  the   balance  sheet as
a direct  deduction   from   the
 carrying amount  of that debt liability,  consistent  with
  debt discounts.  The  recognition  and
measurement  guidance  for  debt  issuance costs
is  not  affected  by  ASU  201503.
 ASU  201503  is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years  beginning
 after December  15,   2015,  and interim
periods  within   those  fiscal years. The Company
has reclassified  debt  issuance costs  from  prepaid
expenses and  other  current assets and  other  assets
as a reduction to  debt  in  the   condensed
consolidated balance    sheets. 

In July 2015, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 201511, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory ( ASU 201511 ), which applies guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory. ASU
201511 states that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the
estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.
The guidance excludes inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. ASU 201511 is effective for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is not planning to early
adopt ASU 201511 and is currently evaluating ASU 201511 to determine the potential impact to its condensed consolidated financial
statements and related disclosures. 

Other pronouncements issued
by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or are not
expected to be significant to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Note 3 Furniture and Equipment   

Property and equipment consisted of the following at
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Depreciation
 expense amounted to  $6,707  and  $19,714  for
 the  three and nine months  ended  September
 30,   2016   and  $5,603
 and  $16,471  for  the  three and nine
months  ended  September  30,   2015,  
 respectively. 

Note 4 Intangible Assets   

Intangible assets (patents) consisted of the following
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Amortization expense associated with patents
amounted to $2,095 and $5,774 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $1,384 and $3,705 for the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. 

At September 30, 2016, future amortization
of intangible assets: 

Actual amortization
expense in future periods could differ from these estimates as a result of future acquisitions, divestitures, impairments and
other factors.  

Note 5 GE Trademark
License Agreement    

The Company
entered into an amended License Agreement with General Electric regarding the GE Trademark License. The License Agreement is amortized
through its expiration in November 2018.  

Amortization
expense associated  with the   GE   Trademark
 License amounted to  $615,385  and  $1,832,776
 for  the  three and nine months  ended  September
 30, 2016, respectively,  and  $615,385  and
 $1,826,087  for  the  three and nine months
 ended  September  30,   2015,
 respectively.  

At September 30, 2016, future
amortization of intangible assets is as follows for the remaining:  

Note 6 Notes Payable    

At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had a note payable to a bank in the amount of $216,170 and $301,744, respectively.
The note, dated May 2007, is due in monthly payments of $10,000 and carries interest at 4.75%. The note is secured by the assets
of the Company and personal guarantees by a shareholder and an officer of the Company, and is due August 2018.  

On
April 13, 2016, the company entered in to an agreement with a third party for a $10,000,000 line of credit. The primary purpose
of this line of credit is to fund manufacturing and product related obligations. The note carries interest of 8%, due monthly
with principal and unpaid interest due December 31, 2017. The note is secured by the assets of the company. The outstanding balance
on this note was $3,006,124 at September 30, 2016.  

Principal
payments due under the terms of this note are as follows:  

The Company received a
$500,000 loan from a related party in January 2016. The note is on demand and carries interest of 12%. As of September 30, 2016
the outstanding balance is $200,000.  

Note 7 Convertible Debt Net    

The Company has recorded
derivative liabilities associated with convertible debt instruments, as more fully discussed at Note 8.  

On
November 26, 2013, May 8, 2014 and September 25, 2014 the Company completed closings in connection with its offering (the  Notes
Offering ) of its 12% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes (the  12% Notes ) in the aggregate principal amount
of $4,240,100 and/or its 15% Secured Convertible Promissory Notes in the aggregate principal amount of $30,000 (the  15%
Notes , and together with the 12% Notes, each a  Note  and collectively, the  Notes ), as applicable,
with certain  accredited investors  (the  Investors ), as defined under Regulation D, Rule 501 of the
Securities Act. The entire aggregate principal amount of the Notes of $3,574,234 outstanding as of September 30, 2016 and $4,270,100
was outstanding as of December 31, 2015, such amount being exclusive of securities converted into the Notes separate from the
Notes Offering. Pursuant to the Notes Offering, the Company received $1,752,803, $1,400,000 and $800,500 in net proceeds on November
26, 2013, May 8, 2014 and September 25, 2014, respectively.  

In
  addition   to  the
 terms customarily  included  in such instruments,  the
Notes   began  accruing interest  on   the
  date that  each Investor submitted  the   principal
balance of  such Investor s  Note, with the  interest thereon becoming  due
 and  payable   on   the
one  year anniversary, and quarterly thereafter.  Upon  a default  of
  the  Notes,  the  interest rate  will
 increase  by 2%  for each  30  day period
 until  cured. The  principal balance of  each
 Note  and all  unpaid  interest became  payable
 twenty-four (24)  months  after  the   date
of  issuance. The  principal  and outstanding interest  under
the Notes  are  convertible   into  shares
 of   the  Company s common stock at
$0.25 per share and are secured  by  a  first  priority
 lien  (subject  only  to an  existing
  note with  Signature Bank  of  Georgia
 on   the  Company s  intellectual
 property and all substitutes, replacements and proceeds  of  such  intellectual
 property) pursuant to  the  terms  of  a
Security Purchase Agreement,  dated  as    of
 November    26,  
  2013,    May 
  8,     2014
 and   September  25,  
  2014,    as 
  applicable,     by
 and    between  
  the  Company   and 
 each   Investor.  

Pursuant
to the Notes Offering, each Investor also received five (5) year common stock warrants to purchase the Company s common
stock at $0.375 per share (each a  Warrant  and collectively, the  Warrants ). Investors of the 12% Notes
received Warrants with 25% coverage based on a predetermined valuation of the Company. Investors of the 15% Notes received Warrants
with 15% coverage based on the predetermined valuation of the Company. Investors with a principal investment amount equal to or
greater than $250,000 received Warrants with a bonus 40% coverage ( Bonus Coverage )  however, if an Investor
previously invested $250,000 or more in the Notes Offering, such Investor received Bonus Coverage if such Investor subsequently
invested $100,000 or more in the Notes Offering. In addition to the terms customarily included in such instruments, the Warrants
may be exercised by the Investors by providing to the Company a notice of exercise, payment and surrender of the Warrant.  

The
Notes and Warrants were treated as derivative liabilities.  

In
  connection with the Notes   Offering,
 the  Company entered  into  Registration
 Rights  Agreements, each  dated  as  of
 November  26,   2013,  May  8,
  2014  and September  25,   2014,
 and each  by  and  between   the
 Company and each  of   the  Investors
(collectively,  the   Registration  Rights
 Agreements ), whereby  the  Company agreed to prepare and file a registration
statement  with the   SEC   within
 sixty (60)  days  after  execution of   the
applicable  Registration  Rights  Agreement and to  have
  the  registration statement declared effective 
  by   the  
SEC   within   ninety  (90) 
  days    thereafter.  

Because
 the  Company was  unable  to file a registration
statement pursuant to  the  terms  of  each
Registration  Rights  Agreements  dated  as
 of  November  26, 2013   or
 May  8,   2014,   the
 Company was in default  under  such Registration  Rights
 Agreements (the  Filing Default Damages ), and    because  the
 Company was  unable  to  have  a registration
statement declared effective pursuant to  the  terms  of
  the  Registration  Rights  Agreements
 dated  as  of  November  26,
  2013,   the  Company was in default
 under  such Registration  Rights  agreements
(the  Effectiveness Default Damages ). The Filing Default Damages  stopped  accruing
 on   the   date
 such registration statement was filed, and  the  Effectiveness Default Damages
 stopped  accruing  on   the
  date  it was declared   effective.  

The Company  invited
the  Investors  holding   Notes   dated
 November  26, 2013 to extend the   first
 interest payment  that  was  scheduled  to
 be paid  pursuant to  the Notes   dated
 November  26, 2013 (the  Interest Due ) to  February  24,
2015 and in exchange   offered  to  capitalize
  the  Interest  Due  at a rate  of
  12% through payment  (the   Additional
 Interest ), all of which was convertible into  the  Company s common
stock at a price  of  $0.25 per share. Through September 30, 2016, the Company has issued
in total 2,343,191 shares of its common stock representing $585,798 in Additional Interest, Interest Due, Filing Default Damages
and Effectiveness Default Damages. As of September 30, 2016, all Additional Interest, Interest Due, Filing Default Damages and
Effectiveness Default Damages was repaid by the Company. 

During
2015, five Investors requested that the Company withhold payments of interest due under their Notes at no cost to the Company,
to allow the Company to address working capital needs. Such interest due has been or will be paid to the five Investors, and none
of such amounts have been or will be paid in shares of the Company s capital stock.  

In November 2015, the Company invited
the holders of Notes dated November 26, 2013, with respect to outstanding principal and interest due under their respective Notes,
to (i) receive payment in cash, (ii) convert their Notes into shares of the Company s common stock, or (iii) forbear an
election for three (3) months, or until February 26, 2016, pursuant to a forbearance agreement, during such time interest under
their respective Notes would continue to accrue. In February 2016, the Company invited the same holders to extend their forbearance
period to make an election to convert or redeem their Notes for an additional three months, or until May 26, 2016, under the same
terms as the first forbearance agreement.       In
May 2016, the Company invited the holders of all Notes, where such holders had not already made an election to redeem or convert
their Notes, to forbear or extend their forbearance period to make an election to convert or redeem their Notes until July 31,
2016, which the Company thereafter extended to August 15, 2016 (the  August 2016 Election ). This also provided a
third option to all noteholders, whereby such holders could convert their respective Note(s) into shares of Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock ( Preferred Stock ). 

As of September 30, 2016,
The Company received elections, in connection with the August 2016 Election, to (i) convert three (3) Notes into 240,000 shares
of common stock of the Company representing an aggregate principal balance of $60,000, and (ii) convert 33 Notes into 13,456,936
shares of Preferred Stock representing an aggregate principal balance of $3,364,234. The Company received no elections in connection
with the August 2016 Election to redeem Notes. Two (2) Investors holding Notes representing an aggregate principal balance of $100,000
have not responded to the August 2016 Election. Other than the two (2) aforementioned Investors, all Investors had elected to redeem
or convert their Notes into shares of common stock or Preferred Stock. 

All issuances of capital stock in
the August 2016 Election have been or will be made only for principal balances due under the Notes, and all interest has been
or will be paid directly to the Investors.  

See
Note 14, Subsequent Events, for additional information.  

(A)    Terms
                                           of  
                                           Debt    

The
debt carries interest between 12% and 15%, and was due in November 2015, May 2016 and September 2016, as extended to July 31,
2016 pursuant to certain forbearance agreements.  

All
Notes and Warrants issued in connection with the Notes Offering are convertible at $0.25 and $0.375/share, respectively, subject
to the existence of a  ratchet feature , which allows for a lower offering price if the Company offers shares to the
public at a lower price.  

(B)    Future
                                           Commitments    

At September 30, 2016, the Company
has outstanding convertible debt of $1,744,233, which is payable within the next twelve months. 

(C)    Offer
                                         to   Convert Debt  to
                                          Preferred   Shares    

By
letter to each holder of the Notes, dated July 22, 2016, the Company requested that each holder indicate its election to (i) redeem
its Note, (ii) convert its Note into the Company s common stock or (iii) elect to convert its Note into shares of Preferred
Stock (the  Preferred Option ), in each case by August 15, 2016.  

For
 those  holders  electing   the
  Preferred   Option,  each  holder
has received or will  receive shares  of   the
  Preferred  Stock  on  a 1 to 1 ratio
to  the  number  of  shares  of
  the  Company s common stock  which
 are  then convertible   under  such
holder s respective  Note.  With respect to interest  on
  junior  securities,  dividends,   distributions
or   liquidation  preference, shares  of   Preferred
 Stock  will  rank  senior  to shares
 of   the  Company s common stock  or
  other junior  securities.  Along with other
 terms customary for a class  of convertible   preferred
  stock,   the   Preferred
 Stock  will   be convertible   into
 shares  of   the  Company s common
stock at  the  same conversion price as  the Notes
 (i.e., USD $0.25 per share), and will pay interest quarterly at a rate of six percent (6%). The Preferred Stock will be
convertible upon the election of the holder thereof. Shares of the Preferred Stock may be repurchased by the Company upon 30 days 
prior written notice, in whole or in part, for USD $3.50 per share, provided that during such notice period the holder will continue
to have the option and right to convert its shares of Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s common stock. Holders
will also have a put option, allowing them to sell their shares of Preferred Stock back to the Company at USD $0.25 per share,
the Note conversion price.  

Each holder electing the
Preferred Option was required to enter into an amendment to its Note, providing that the Note will be convertible into the
Preferred Stock rather than the Company s common stock, and to thereafter elect to convert their Note, as amended, into
Preferred Stock. In addition, each holder will be required to enter into a lockup agreement, whereby the holder will
agree not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, give, donate, transfer or otherwise dispose of (i) the shares of the
Company s common stock it then holds, (ii) the shares of Preferred Stock obtained upon conversion of its Note, and
(iii) the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Preferred Stock. The Note amendments, conversion to
Preferred Stock and lockup agreement have been entered into on August 15, 2016. The Note amendments were approved by a
majority of the holders of the then outstanding Notes.  

During the quarter ended
September 30, 2016, noteholders converted $1,770,000 in convertible debt under the Notes into 7,080,000 of Preferred Stock pursuant
to the Preferred Option, and the Company had received elections to convert an additional $1,594,234 in convertible debt under the
Notes into 6,376,936 shares of Preferred Stock upon receipt of complete paperwork and original Notes (or in the alternative, a
Declaration of Loss of Security) from the respective noteholders. All issuances of Preferred Stock pursuant to the Preferred Option
have been or will be made only for principal balances due under the Notes, and all interest has been or will be paid directly to
the noteholders. 

Note
8 Derivative Liabilities    

The
Company identified conversion features embedded within convertible debt and warrants issued in 2013 and 2014. The Company has
determined that the features associated with the embedded conversion option, in the form a ratchet provision, should be accounted
for at fair value, as a derivative liability, as the Company cannot determine if a sufficient number of shares would be available
to settle all potential future conversion transactions.  

As
a result of the application of ASC No. 815, the fair value of the ratchet feature related to convertible debt and warrants is
summarized as follow:  

The
fair value at the commitment and re-measurement dates for the Company s derivative liabilities were based upon the following
management assumptions as:  

Note 9
Debt Discount    

The
Company recorded the debt discount to the extent of the gross proceeds raised, and expensed immediately the remaining fair value
of the derivative liability, as it exceeded the gross proceeds of the note.  

Accumulated
amortization of derivative discount amounted to $4,402,773 as of September 30, 2016 and $4,153,611 for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

The Company recorded
a change in the value of embedded derivative liabilities income     /(expense)
of ($3,183,183) and ($7,993,408) for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and ($38,644,799) and ($7,357,719)
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The Company recorded derivative
expense of ($2,446,918) and $0 for the three months ended and ($7,410,369) and $0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, respectively. 

The Company recorded loss on disposition
of debt as a result of conversion to Common Stock and Preferred Stock of ($22,121,217). The loss was a result of the conversion
value of the shares received exceeded the face value of the note. 

Note 10
Debt Issue Costs    

The
Company recorded amortization expense  of $0  and  $39,441
 for  the  three  months ended  September
 30, 2016  and  2015,  respectively, and  $14,605
 and  $117,098  for  the  nine months
 ended  September  30, 2016  and  2015,
 respectively.  

Note 11 GE Royalty Obligation    

In
2011, the Company executed a Trademark Licensing Agreement with General Electric, which allows the Company the right to market
certain ceiling light and fan fixtures displaying the GE brand. The License Agreement imposes certain manufacturing and quality
control conditions that the Company must maintain in order to continue to use the GE brand.  

The
License Agreement is nontransferable and cannot be sublicensed. Various termination clauses are applicable, however, none were
applicable as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  

In
  August   2014,
  the   Company entered  into
 a second amendment to  the  License Agreement  pertaining
 to  its  royalty  obligations.  
  Under the  terms  of   the
 amendment,  the  Company agreed to pay a  total
of $12,000,000 by  November  2018  for  the
 rights assigned in  the     original
 contract.    In  
 case    the  
 Company    does  
  not  pay    GE
 a    total  
  of    at 
 least    $12,000,000  
 in    cumulative  
 royalties    over  
  the    term 
  of     the
 License Agreement,  the  difference  between
$12,000,000  and  the  amount  of  royalties
 actually paid  to  GE  is  owed
 in December    2018.   

Payments
are due quarterly based upon the prior quarters  sales. The Company made payments of $319,170 and $170,699 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

The
License Agreement obligation will be paid from sales of GE branded product subject to the following repayment schedule:  

The
Company has limited operating history and does not have the ability to estimate the sales of GE branded product, the liability
is classified as long-term. As sales are recognized, the Company will estimate the portion it expects to pay in the current year
and classify as current.  

Note 12
Stockholders Deficit    

(A) Common
Stock   

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and year ended December, 31 2015, the Company issued the following common stock:  

The
following is a more detailed description of the Company s stock issuance from the table above:  

(1)     Agreement
                                         and Waiver and Agreement to   Convert     

The
Company issued  1,718,585  shares at $0.25 per share, representing  $429,646
 in  penalties  and interest, in  connection
with the  Agreement and Waiver and  the  Agreement to Convert. For a complete
description  of   the  Agreement and Waiver
and  the  Agreement to Convert, see  Note  7
 above.   

(2)     Shares
                                         Issued to  Chief Executive  
                                          Officer     

In
  November  2014,   the
 Company entered  into  an Employment Agreement  with
  its  current  Chief Executive   Officer,
  which   provided  for stock based compensation
 equal  to  750,000 of  restricted shares,  of
  which   250,000  shares vested in May
 2015  and  500,000  shares vested in December
 2015.  These shares were issued at $0.25 per share and were issued  subsequent
 to December  31,     2015.   

(3)     Shares
                                         Issued in  Connection with  Stock 
                                          Offering     

In May 2015, the Company
offered to existing shareholders a maximum of 6,666,667 shares of common stock at an issuance cost of $0.60 per share for a
total of $4,000,000 (the  May Stock Offering ). The May Stock Offering concluded on November 15, 2015 the Company
will issue 3,782,666 shares in connection with three closings.  

(4)     Shares
                                         Issued in  Connection with  Stock 
                                          Offering     

In
November 2015, the Company offered to new and existing shareholders a maximum of 2,000,000 shares of common stock at an issuance
cost of $1.00 per share for a total of $2,000,000 (the  November Stock Offering ). On December 24, 2015, the Company
closed subscriptions for 500,000 shares of common stock pursuant to the November Stock Offering, and on January 4, 2016, the stock
certificates representing those shares were issued. Shares Issued in Board of Directors Compensation.  

(5)     Shares
                                         issued to Board  of  
                                          Directors     

The
Company added a new Director in November 2015. The Company issued the Director 50,000 shares of Common Stock at $0.60 per share
as compensation in February 2016. In addition, this Director agreed to serve as the Company s Audit Committee Chair, and
received 12,000 shares of Common Stock at $1.00 per share as compensation for these additional responsibilities.  

(6)     Shares
                                         Issued in  Connection with the Notes   or
                                          Agreements to   Convert     

In
  connection with the  Agreement and Waiver and Agreement to Convert,  as
of   the  nine months  ended  September
 30,   2016,   the
 Company issued an  additional   2,343,191  shares
 of its  common stock as payment for  Additional  Interest,
Interest  Due,  Filing Default Damages and Effectiveness Default Damages, representing
payment to Investors  of     $585,798.  

(7)     Shares
                                         Issued in  Connection with  
                                          Offering     

On February
19, 2016, the Company completed a second closing of the November Stock Offering representing aggregate gross proceeds to the Company
of $300,000, and thereafter issued 300,000 shares of its common stock.  

In April 2016,
the Company completed an offering of 2,000,000 shares at an offering price of $2.50 and 1,666,667 in warrants with a conversion
price of $3.00 per share.  

In May 2016, the
Company completed an offering of 675,000 shares at an offering price of $2.60 and 1,350,000 of warrants with a conversion price
between $3.00 and $3.50 over the next three anniversary dates.  

In July 2016 the
Company completed an offering for 30,000 shares at $2.60 and an additional 150,000 shares at $2.70 in two separate offerings.  

(8)     Shares
                                         Issued Pursuant to Stock   Awards.     

In September 2016, the Company
issued 25,000 shares in stock awards at $0.60 per share.  

(9)     Shares
                                         Issued for   Services     

In September 2016, the Company issued 300,000
shares issued representing $136,250 in services received. The share conversions were in a range of $0.25 to $1.00 per share. 

(10)     Shares
                                         Issued in Conjunction with Retirement of Debt     

In accordance
with the Notes, 243,156 shares were issued for the retirement of debt during the period.  

(B)
Stock Options   

The following is a summary
of the Company s stock option activity:  

(C)
Warrants         Issued   

The following is a summary
of the Company s stock option activity:  

(D) 2015 Stock Incentive Plan   

On
April 27, 2015, the Board approved the Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the  Incentive Plan ). Under the
Incentive Plan, the Board has the sole authority to implement, interpret, and/or administer the Incentive Plan unless the Board
delegates all  or  any  portion of its authority  to
implement, interpret,  and/or  administer  the  Incentive
Plan to a committee  of   the  Board,  or
 (ii)  the   authority  to grant and
administer awards  under the  Incentive Plan to an officer  of
  the  Company. The Incentive Plan relates to  the
 issuance  of up  to  5,000,000  shares
 of   the  Company s common  stock,
 subject to adjustment, and shall  be  effective for ten (10) years, unless earlier
terminated. Certain  options  to  be  granted
to employees  under the  Incentive Plan are  intended
 to qualify as Incentive Stock  Options   ( ISOs )
 pursuant to Section  422   of   the
 Internal  Revenue Code of   1986,  as
amended,  while other   options  granted  under
the  Incentive Plan  will   be nonqualified
  options   not intended  to qualify
as Incentive Stock  Options   ISOs  ( Nonqualified
Options ),  either or   both  as  provided
 in  the  agreements  evidencing the   options
 described.  

The
Incentive Plan further provides that awards granted under the Incentive Plan cannot be exercised until a majority of the Company s
shareholders have approved the Incentive Plan. The Incentive Plan which became effective July 31, 2016  

(D)      Issuance
                                         of Convertible Preferred Stock     

During the quarter
ended the Company offered current note holders the convert their shares to Preferred Stock (see Note 7 (C     )).
In conjunction with that offered the company issued 7,080,000 shares of Preferred Stock value of $24,072,000. The valuation was
based on a share price of $3.40 which was the closing price on the OTC of the Company s stock on September 1, 2016.  

Note 13 Commitments    

(A)      Operating
                                         Lease     

In January 2014, the Company executed
a 39 month lease for a corporate headquarters. The Company paid a security deposit of  $27,020. 

In
October, 2014, the Company executed a 53 month lease for a new corporate headquarters with a base rent of $97,266 escalating annually
through 2019. The Company paid a security deposit of $1,914.  

In
October, 2014, the Company entered into a sublease agreement to sublease its previous office space through March 2017. In connection
with the sublease, the Company collected $34,981 as a security deposit.  

The
minimum rent obligations are approximately as follows:  

(B)      Employment
                                         Agreement     
                                          Chief   Executive 
                                          Officer     

In
November 2014, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its new Chief Executive Officer. In addition to salary, the
agreement provided for the issuance of 750,000 restricted shares of the Company s common stock to him, which vested and
were issued as follows: 250,000 shares after the first 6 months of employment and 500,000 additional shares at December 31, 2015.
Under terms of the agreement the executive would receive additional compensation in the form of stock options to purchase shares
of Company stock equal to one half of one percent (0.5%) of quarterly net income. The strike price of the options will be established
at the time of the grant. The options will vest in twelve months and expire after sixty months. In addition to the stock options
compensation, the executive will receive cash compensation equal to one half of one percent (0.5%) of annual sales up to $20 million
and one quarter of one percent (0.25%) for annual sales $20 million and 3% of annual net income.  

On September 1, 2016, the Company entered into
a new employment agreement with Mr. Campi. The agreement provides for a base salary of $150,000; 120,000 shares of The Company s
common stock in a  Sign On Bonus  which will vest December 31, 2017; 0.25% of annual gross sales and 3% of annual adjusted
gross income in cash compensation and 0.50% of quarterly net income in options, the strike price to be determined at the time of
grant. Such options will expire 5 years after issuance. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, Mr. Campi earned approximately $23,000 and $11,000   respectively, under
this agreement. No stock or options have been issued. 

(C)    Chairman
                                         Agreement    

The Company has a 3 year consulting agreement with a director
which expires in November 2016, and carries an annual payment of $150,000 cash, stock or 5 year options equal to one half of one
percent (0.5%) of the Company s annual net sales. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, Mr. Kohen earned
approximately $28,000 and $11,000, respectively, under this agreement. No stock or options have been issued. 

On
September 1, 2016 the Company modified the above agreement. The compensation was changed to $250,000 per annum, an annual grant
of the Company s common stock of 340,000 shares which vest in its entirety January 1, 2019; Stock options equal to .005%
of the Company s gross revenue with 5 year vesting. In addition the Chairman was granted a  Sign On Bonus  of
120,000 shares of the Company s common stock which will vest January 1, 2020 and a supplemental bonus of options which is
tied to the stock performance of the Company.  

(D)       Employment
Agreement   President   

On August 16,
2017 the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Mark Wells, its new President. Mr     .
Wells receives a salary of $250,000; 1,025,000 shares in the Company s common stock which will vest in its entirety January
1, 2019; 0.25% of the Company s net revenue and a  Sign on Bonus  of 120,000 shares of the Company s common
stock which vests January 1, 2017. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Mr. Wells was issued 100,000 shares of the Company s
common stock and earned $10,000 in commissions pursuant to the terms of a Consulting Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, between the
Company and Mr. Wells, whereby Mr. Wells provided independent sales consultant services.  

(D)   
       Employment Agreement   Chief Operating Officer     

Effective July
1, 2016, the Company entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Patricia Barron, its Chief Operations Officer. Ms. Barron
receives a base salary of $120,000 per year      and
incentive compensation equal to 0.25% of the Company s net revenue paid in cash. For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, Ms. Barron earned approximately $5,100 under this agreement.  

Note
14 Subsequent Events    

Since October 1, 2016, the
Company has issued 5,576,936 shares of Preferred Stock, representing $1,394,234 in Note principal. In total from August 15, 2016
through November 14, 2016, the Company has issued 240,000 shares of its common stock, representing $60,000 in Note principal, and
12,656,936 shares of Preferred Stock, representing $3,164,234 in Note principal, in connection with the August 2016 Election. The
Company will issue an additional 800,000 shares of Preferred Stock, representing $200,000 in Note principal, upon receipt of complete
paperwork and original Notes (or in the alternative, a Declaration of Loss of Security) from the respective Investors. All issuances
of capital stock in the August 2016 Election will be made only for principal balances due under the Notes, and all interest has
been or will be paid directly to the Investors. 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS   

You should read
the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related
notes contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report.  

Forward-Looking
Statements   

The information set forth
in this Quarterly Report contains certain  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, among others (i) expected changes in SQL Technologies
Corp s. revenues and profitability, (ii) prospective business opportunities and (iii) our strategy for financing its
business. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition.
Some forward-looking statements may be identified by use of terms such as  believes ,
 anticipates ,  intends  or  expects . These forward-looking statements relate to our
plans, objectives and expectations for future operations. Although we believe that our expectations with respect to the
forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business and
operations, in light of the risks and uncertainties inherent in all future projections, the inclusion of forward-looking
statements in this Quarterly Report should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that our objectives
or plans will be achieved. Our revenues and results of operations could differ materially from those projected in the
forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the risk of
significant natural disaster, the inability of the Company to insure against certain risks, inflationary and deflationary
conditions and cycles, currency exchange rates, and changing government regulations domestically and internationally
affecting our products and businesses.   

We assume
no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results or changes in factors or assumptions affecting
forward-looking statements. You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with the Financial Statements
and Notes attached hereto, and the other financial data appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.   

US Dollars
are denoted herein by  USD ,  $  and  dollars .   

Overview   

We are a company
engaged in the business of developing proprietary technology that enables a quick and safe installation by the use of a weight
bearing power plug for electrical fixtures, such as light fixtures and ceiling fans, into ceiling and wall electrical junction
boxes. Our patented technology consists of a fixable socket and a revolving plug for conducting electric power and supporting
an electrical appliance attached to a wall or ceiling. The socket is comprised of a non-conductive body that houses conductive
rings connectable to an electric power supply through terminals in its side exterior. The plug, also comprised of a non-conductive
body that houses corresponding conductive rings, attaches to the socket via a male post and is capable of feeding electric power
to an appliance. The plug also includes a second structural element allowing it to revolve with a releasable latching which, when
engaged, provides a retention force between the socket and the plug to prevent disengagement. The socket and plug can be detached
by releasing the latch, disengaging the electric power from the plug. The socket is designed to replace the support bar incorporated
in electric junction boxes, and the plug can be installed in light fixtures, ceiling fans and wall sconce fixtures. The combined
socket and plug technology is referred to as the  SQL Technology  throughout this prospectus.  

We currently
manufacture and sell ceiling fans and lighting fixtures branded with the General Electric Corporation ( General Electric 
or  GE ) logo and manufactured under GE s strict guidance, pursuant to a trademark license agreement between
us and General Electric (the  License Agreement ). Our ceiling fans and lighting fixtures offer unique designs, and
are manufactured with and without the SQL Technology.  

Also in furtherance
of our business model, the Company has actively developed trade distribution channels with key retailers, undergone a corporate
restructuring, established and obtained authorizations for our third party manufacturers to produce the SQL Technology, and raised
the necessary capital resources to implement our business model over the next twelve months.  

Results of
Operations   For the Three-Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three-Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

 We had revenue of $1,932,312 for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to revenue of $262,897 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. 

Cost of Sales   

 We had a cost of sales of $1,593,926 for the
three-month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to a cost of sales of $248,675 for the three-month period ended September
30, 2015. The increase is associated with the increase in sales. 

Gross Profit   

 We had gross profit of $338,386 for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to gross profit of $14,222 for the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. The
increase in gross profit as a percent of sales of 17.5% for the current quarter compared with 5.4% in the previous year quarter
is attributable to the mix of on-line sales as well as better pricing structure as the Company s relationships with new customers
evolve. 

General and Administrative Expenses    

 General and administrative expense increased
to $1,613,880 during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, from $1,220,884 for the three-month period ended September
30, 2015. 

The increases in the general and administrative
expenses were primarily due to additional business activity including: 

$ 49,100 Consulting associated with business and web activities   

$ 47,600 Tooling and trade for manufacturing quality reviews   

$ 15,732 Insurance for liability, Directors and Officers and Health   

Loss from Operations   

 Loss from operations was $(1,275,494) for the
three month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $(1,206,662) for the same period in the prior year and represents the change
in general and administrative expenses offset by the gross profit on sales for the periods presented. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Total other expenses
increased $(19,012,792) to $(27,886,594) for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, from $(8,873,802) for the three-month
period ended September 30, 2015. The change is associated with a $(22,302,013) non-cash loss on the extinguishment of convertible
debt to Preferred Stock. In the exchange, the value of the convertible debt and its derivatives was recognized     
at that time. This was offset by a $4,180,225 reduction in the change in fair value of the embedded derivative liability of remaining
notes and an increase of $(2,446,918) in non-cash derivative expense associated with an increase in the value of the Company s
common      stock from $0.60 to $2.70 per share. This
increase was offset by a $740,470 decrease in interest expense.  

Net Loss and Net Loss per Share   

 The Company s net loss and net loss
per share for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $(29,162,088) and $(10,080,424) per share, respectively,
as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, where net loss was approximately $(0.62) and $(0.25) per share,
respectively. 

Net Loss and Net Loss per Share   

The Company s net loss and net loss per
share for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $(29,162,088) and $(10,080,424) per share, respectively,
as compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2015, where net loss was approximately $(0.62) and $(0.25) per share,
respectively. 

Results of
Operations   For the Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Nine-Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue   

 We had recorded revenue of $5,534,741 for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to revenue of $2,482,035 for the nine-month period ended September 30,
2015. The 123.0% increase is due to an increase in business with existing customers and the addition of new customers. 

Cost of
Sales    

  We had a cost
of sales of $4,848,476 for the nine-month period ended September, 30, 2016, as compared to a cost of sales of $2,195,655 for the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The increase is associated with the increase in sales.  

Gross Profit   

 We had gross profit of $686,265 for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to gross profit of $286,380 for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The
increase in gross profit as a percent of sales to 12.4% compares with 11.4% for the same period in 2015 and is attributable to
better pricing strategies and mix of on-line sales to large retailers. 

General
and Administrative Expenses     

General and administrative expense increased
$809,125 to $4,550,323 during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 from $3,741,198 for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015. 

The increases
in the general and administrative expenses were due to the following significant items:  

$75,500
                                         Legal expenses associated with public company and offering activity    

$75,100
                                         Consulting associated with business and web activities    

$55,900
                                         Insurance for liability, Directors and Officers and Health    

Further, decreases
in certain items of general and administrative expenses were attributable to the following:  

Loss from
Operations    

Loss from operations was $(3,864,058) for the
nine month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $(3,454,818) for the same period in the prior year and represents the increase
in general and administrative expenses offset by the increase in gross profit on sales for the periods presented. 

Other Income (Expense)   

Total other expenses increased $(59,847,848)
to $(69,070,279) for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, from $(9,631,670) for the nine-month period ended September
30, 2015. The change is associated with a $(38,644,799) increase in the charge for fair value of the embedded derivative liability
and an increase of $(7,410,369) non-cash derivative expense associated with an increase in the value of the Company s common
stock from $0.60 to 2.70 per share. The Company recorded a $(22,302,013) non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt. The Company s
recent private placement of common stock impacted the Black Scholes calculation of the intrinsic value of the equity component.
This increase was offset by a $1,371,261 decrease in interest expense. 

Net Loss and Net Loss per Share   

The Company s net loss for the nine-month
period ended September 30, 2016 was $(72,934,337) or $(1.63) per share, as compared to a net loss of $(13,066,489) or $(0.34) per
share for the same period in 2015. The net loss includes non-cash derivative related and debt extinguishment expenses of $(68,932,385)
and $(7,357,719) for 2016 and 2015, respectively as detailed above. 

Interest
Expense   

The
following table details the Company s interest expense components:  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

To date, the
Company has not generated sufficient revenue to cover its operating costs and continues to operate with negative cash flow. As
a result, the Company has raised additional funds through the sale of its common stock. The Company has also entered into a Line
of Credit with a third party which will supply it with $10,000,000 to support its purchase orders, inventory and other working
capital needs. As of September 30, 2016 the Company had $6,993,876 available under the Line of Credit. Management believes that
with the stock sales consummated and the availability of the working capital Line of Credit, it has sufficient liquidity for the
next twelve months.  

For the nine-months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company used $5,336,371 of cash for operations as compared with $2,865,936 used for the same period in 2015. The increase in
cash used for operations was due to an increase in the Company s net loss of $(72,934,337), offset by non-cash expenses of
$38,644,799 change in derivative liability, $7,410,369 loss in derivative expense and $22,302,013 loss in early extinguishment
of debt. Net funds used for working capital was $2,334,539 due to an increase in accounts receivable and inventory of $(3,509,844),
partially offset by an increase of $1,533,106 in accounts payable. 

For the nine-months ended September
30, 2016, cash flows used ($33,714) for investing activities as compared with ($31,355) used for the same period in 2015. The
investments were for patents costs and fixed assets.  

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
cash flows provided from financing activities amounted to $9,916,860 in cash equivalents for the nine-months ended September 30,
2016, as compared with $2,323,277 in the same period in 2015.  

As a result
of the above operating, investing and financing activities, the Company provided $4,546,775 in cash equivalents for the nine-months
ended September 30, 2016, as compared with ($574,014) used during the same period in 2015. The Company had $4,997,643 in cash
and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 as compared  to $667,473.  

The Company had a working capital deficit of
$(22,727,265) as of September 30, 2016, as compared to $(28,174,512) as of December 31, 2015 which includes $(25,016,860) in derivative
liabilities and an increase in inventory and accounts receivable, offset by an increase in accounts payable. 

A majority of
the Company s sales do not require the Company to take delivery of inventory. Production of the SQL Technology and fixtures
will be originated upon receipt of FOB (free on board) purchase contracts from customers. Upon the completion of each purchase
contract, the finished products will be transported from the manufacturer directly to the ports and loaded on vessels secured
by the customer, upon which the products become the property of the customer.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements   

We do not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

For a discussion
of our accounting policies and related items, please see the Notes to the Financial Statements, included in Part I, Item 1.  

Estimates    

  The preparation
of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes.  

Such estimates
and assumptions impact both assets and liabilities, including but not limited to: net realizable value of accounts receivable
and inventory, estimated useful lives and potential impairment of property and equipment, the valuation of intangible assets,
estimate of fair value of share based payments and derivative liabilities, estimates of fair value of warrants issued and recorded
as debt discount, estimates of tax liabilities and estimates of the probability and potential magnitude of contingent liabilities.  

Making estimates
requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate could change in the near term due to one or more future non-conforming events. Accordingly, actual
results could differ significantly from estimates.  

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

  In April 2015,
the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 201503, Interest Imputation of Interest (Topic 83530): Simplifying the Presentation
of Debt Issuance Costs ( ASU 201503 ). ASU 201503 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt
discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs is not affected by ASU 201503. ASU 201503 is effective
for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years.
The Company has reclassified debt issuance costs from prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets as a reduction
to debt in the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

In July 2015,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 201511, Inventory (Topic
330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory ( ASU 201511 ), which applies guidance on the subsequent measurement
of inventory. ASU 201511 states that an entity should measure inventory at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable
value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonable predictable costs of completion, disposal
and transportation. The guidance excludes inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. ASU 201511
is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company
is not planning to early adopt ASU 201511 and is currently evaluating ASU 201511 to determine the potential impact to its condensed
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.  

Other pronouncements
issued by the FASB or other authoritative accounting standards groups with future effective dates are either not applicable or
are not expected to be significant to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts    

  Accounts receivable
are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The Company extends unsecured credit to its customers in the ordinary
course of business but mitigates the associated risks by performing credit checks and actively pursuing past due accounts.  

The Company
recognizes an allowance for losses on accounts receivable in an amount equal to the estimated probable losses net of recoveries.
The allowance is based on an analysis of historical bad debt experience, current receivables aging, and expected future write-offs,
as well as an assessment of specific identifiable customer accounts considered at risk or uncollectible.  

Inventory    

  Inventory consist
of finished goods purchased, which are valued at the lower of cost or market value, with cost being determined on the first-in,
first-out method.  The Company periodically reviews historical sales activity to determine potentially obsolete items
and also evaluates the impact of any anticipated changes in future demand.    

Valuation
of Long-Lived Assets and Identifiable Intangible Assets    

  The Company
reviews for impairment of long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of any asset may not be recoverable. In the event of impairment, the asset is written down to
its fair market value.  

Property
and Equipment    

  Property and
equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  

Depreciation
of property and equipment is provided utilizing the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, ranging from 5-7 years
of the respective assets. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.  

Upon sale or
retirement of property and equipment, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain
or loss is reflected in the statements of operations.  

Intangible
Asset - Patent    

  The Company
developed a patent for an installation device used in light fixtures and ceiling fans. Costs incurred for submitting the applications
to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for these patents have been capitalized. Patent costs are being amortized using
the straight-line method over the related 15 year lives. The Company begins amortizing patent costs once a filing receipt is received
stating the patent serial number and filing date from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.  

The Company
incurs certain legal and related costs in connection with patent applications. The Company capitalizes such costs to be amortized
over the expected life of the patent to the extent that an economic benefit is anticipated from the resulting patent or alternative
future use is available to the Company. The Company also capitalizes legal costs incurred in the defense of the Company s
patents when it is believed that the future economic benefit of the patent will be maintained or increased and a successful defense
is probable. Capitalized patent defense costs are amortized over the remaining expected life of the related patent. The Company s
assessment of future economic benefit or a successful defense of its patents involves considerable management judgment, and an
unfavorable outcome of litigation could result in a material impairment charge up to the carrying value of these assets.  

Fair Value
of Financial Instruments    

  The Company
measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair
value measurements, which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability,
as the case may be, in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes
a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation
techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level.  

The following
are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value:  

Level
                                         1   Observable inputs that reflect quoted market prices in active markets for identical
                                         assets or liabilities.    

Level
                                         2   Inputs reflect quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets
                                         that are not active; quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
                                         inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the assets or liabilities; or
                                         inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by
                                         correlation or other means.    

Level
                                         3   Unobservable inputs reflecting the Company s assumptions incorporated
                                         in valuation techniques used to determine fair value. These assumptions are required
                                         to be consistent with market participant assumptions that are reasonably available.    

The carrying
amounts of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses, other current assets, accounts
payable   accrued expenses, certain notes payable and notes payable   related party, approximate their fair values because
of the short maturity of these instruments.  

The Company
accounts for its derivative liabilities, at fair value, on a recurring basis under Level 3.  

Embedded
Conversion Features    

  The Company
evaluates embedded conversion features within convertible debt under ASC 815  Derivatives and Hedging  to determine
whether the embedded conversion feature(s) should be bifurcated from the host instrument and accounted for as a derivative at
fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. If the conversion feature does not require derivative treatment under
ASC 815, the instrument is evaluated under ASC 470-20  Debt with Conversion and Other Options  for consideration of
any beneficial conversion features.  

The Company
does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. The Company evaluates
all of it financial instruments, including stock purchase warrants, to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain
features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the
derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the
fair value reported as charges or credits to income.  

For option-based
simple derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the derivative instruments
at inception and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.  

Stock-Based
Compensation - Employees    

  The Company
accounts for its stock based compensation in which the Company obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions under
the recognition and measurement principles of the fair value recognition provisions of section 718-10-30 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-30-6 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, all transactions in which
goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments are accounted for based on the fair value
of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  

The measurement
date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on which the performance is complete
or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur.  

If the Company
is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded, the use of share prices established in the Company s
most recent private placement memorandum (based on sales to third parties) ( PPM ), or weekly or monthly  

  price observations
would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due
to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.  

The fair value
of share options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model.
The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows:  

Expected
                                         term of share options and similar instruments: The expected life of options and similar
                                         instruments represents the period of time the option and/or warrant are expected to be
                                         outstanding. Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards
                                         Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the
                                         period of time the options and similar instruments are expected to be outstanding taking
                                         into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and employees  expected
                                         exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior into the fair value (or calculated
                                         value) of the instruments. Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1, it may be appropriate
                                         to use the simplified method, i.e., expected term = ((vesting term + original contractual
                                         term) / 2), if (i) A company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide
                                         a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term due to the limited period of
                                         time its equity shares have been publicly traded; (ii) A company significantly changes
                                         the terms of its share option grants or the types of employees that receive share option
                                         grants such that its historical exercise data may no longer provide a reasonable basis
                                         upon which to estimate expected term; or (iii) A company has or expects to have significant
                                         structural changes in its business such that its historical exercise data may no longer
                                         provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The Company uses the
                                         simplified method to calculate expected term of share options and similar instruments
                                         as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable
                                         basis upon which to estimate expected term.    

Expected
                                         volatility of the entity s shares and the method used to estimate it. Pursuant
                                         to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic entity that uses
                                         the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for
                                         the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry
                                         sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting that particular index, and
                                         how it has calculated historical volatility using that index. The Company uses the average
                                         historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life
                                         of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility. If shares of
                                         a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally
                                         be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation
                                         using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger
                                         spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.    

Expected
                                         annual rate of quarterly dividends. An entity that uses a method that employs different
                                         dividend rates during the contractual term shall disclose the range of expected dividends
                                         used and the weighted-average expected dividends. The expected dividend yield is based
                                         on the Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend
                                         yield for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments.    

Risk-free
                                         rate(s). An entity that uses a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose
                                         the range of risk-free rates used. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
                                         yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term of the
                                         share options and similar instruments.    

Generally, all
forms of share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights
are measured at their fair value on the awards  grant date, based on estimated number of awards that are ultimately expected
to vest.  

The expense
resulting from share-based payments is recorded in general and administrative expense in the statements of operations.  

Equity
Instruments Issued to Parties Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services    

  The Company
accounts for equity instruments issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under guidance of Sub-topic
505-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Sub-topic 505-50 ).  

Pursuant to
ASC Section 505-50-30, all transactions in which goods or services are the consideration received for the issuance of equity instruments
are accounted for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued, whichever
is more reliably measurable. The measurement date used to determine the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier
of the date on which the performance is complete or the date on which it is probable that performance will occur. If the Company
is a newly formed corporation or shares of the Company are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company s
most recent private placement memorandum ( PPM ), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more
appropriate than the use of daily price observations as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between
the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.  

The fair value
of share options and similar instruments is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation model.
The ranges of assumptions for inputs are as follows:  

Expected
                                         term of share options and similar instruments: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i)
                                         of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification the expected term of share options and
                                         similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar instruments
                                         are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the
                                         instruments and holder s expected exercise behavior into the fair value (or calculated
                                         value) of the instruments. The Company uses historical data to estimate holder s
                                         expected exercise behavior. If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares of
                                         the Company are thinly traded the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments
                                         is used as the expected term of share options and similar instruments as the Company
                                         does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon
                                         which to estimate expected term.    

Expected
                                         volatility of the entity s shares and the method used to estimate it. Pursuant
                                         to ASC Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(ii) a thinly-traded or nonpublic entity that uses
                                         the calculated value method shall disclose the reasons why it is not practicable for
                                         the Company to estimate the expected volatility of its share price, the appropriate industry
                                         sector index that it has selected, the reasons for selecting that particular index, and
                                         how it has calculated historical volatility using that index. The Company uses the average
                                         historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected contractual life
                                         of the share options or similar instruments as its expected volatility. If shares of
                                         a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally
                                         be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations as the volatility calculation
                                         using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger
                                         spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.    

Expected
                                         annual rate of quarterly dividends. An entity that uses a method that employs different
                                         dividend rates during the contractual term shall disclose the range of expected dividends
                                         used and the weighted-average expected dividends. The expected dividend yield is based
                                         on the Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend
                                         yield for periods within the expected term of the share options and similar instruments.    

Risk-free
                                         rate(s). An entity that uses a method that employs different risk-free rates shall disclose
                                         the range of risk-free rates used. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
                                         yield curve in effect at the time of grant for periods within the expected term of the
                                         share options and similar instruments.    

Pursuant to
ASC paragraph 505-50-25-7, if fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments are issued at the date the grantor and grantee
enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee to retain those equity instruments),
then, because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn the equity instruments, a measurement
date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued (in most cases, when the agreement
is entered into). Whether the corresponding cost is an immediate expense or a prepaid asset (or whether the debit should be characterized
as contra-equity under the requirements of paragraph 505-50-45-1) depends on the specific facts and circumstances. Pursuant to
ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1, a grantor may conclude that an asset (other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return
for fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments that are issued at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement
for goods or services (and no specific performance is required by the grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such
an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity by the grantor of the equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof)
of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display of the asset.  

This guidance
is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange for goods or services.
Section 505-50-30 provides guidance on the determination of the measurement date for transactions that are within the scope of
this Subtopic.  

Pursuant to
Paragraphs 505-50-25-8 and 505-50-25-9, an entity may grant fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable
by the grantee only after a specified period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee
achieves specified performance conditions. Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and
in the same manner as if the entity had paid cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of
paying with, or using, the equity instruments. A recognized asset, expense, or sales discount shall not be reversed if a share
option and similar instrument that the counterparty has the right to exercise expires unexercised.  

Pursuant to
ASC paragraph 505-50-30-S99-1, if the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested, forfeitable
equity instruments, those equity instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received
(that is, the instruments are not considered issued until they vest). Consequently, there would be no recognition at the measurement
date and no entry should be recorded.  

Income
Tax Provision    

  From the inception
of the Company and through November 6, 2012, the Company was taxed as a pass-through entity (a limited liability company) under
the Internal Revenue Code and was not subject to federal and state income taxes; accordingly, no provision had been made.  

The financial
statements reflect the Company s transactions without adjustment, if any, required for income tax purposes for the period
from November 7, 2012 to December 31, 2012. The net loss generated by the Company for the period January 1, 2012 to November 6,
2012 has been excluded from the computation of income taxes.  

The Company
accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of
deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial
statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are
expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely
than not that the assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in
the period that includes the enactment date.  

The Company
adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses
the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial
statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits
of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the
largest benefit that has a greater than fifty (50) percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25
also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods
and requires increased disclosures.  

The estimated
future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred
tax assets recorded on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.  

Management makes
judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates
of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions.
In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by
tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.  

The Company s
tax returns are subject to examination by the federal and state tax authorities for the years ended 2012 through 2015.  

Uncertain
Tax Positions    

  The Company
did not take any uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the provisions
of Section 740-10-25 for the reporting periods ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.  

Related
Parties    

  The Company
follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure
of related party transactions.  

Pursuant to
Section 850-10-20 the related parties include (i) affiliates of the Company; (ii) Entities for which investments in their equity
securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15,
to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (iii) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and
profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (iv) principal owners of the Company; (v) management
of the Company; (vi) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management
or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its
own separate interests; and (vii) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting
parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent
that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  

The consolidated
financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense
allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated
in the preparation of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall
include: (i) the nature of the relationship(s) involved; (ii) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which
no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other
information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (iii) the dollar
amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the
method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and (iv) amounts due from or to related parties as of
the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.  

Item
3. Quantitative   Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks  

Not applicable.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures   

As of September
30, 2016 (the  Evaluation Date ), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of
our management, including our Chief Executive Officer, who is also serving as our Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable
assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s (the  SEC s )
rules and forms and that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management including our Chief
Executive Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Because of the
inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures will detect or uncover every situation involving the failure of persons within the Company
to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports.  

Changes In
Internal Controls over Financial Reporting    

No changes were
made in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during
our most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.  

PART II
OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings  

We are not currently
a party to any pending legal proceedings.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors  

As a  smaller
reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

The transactions
described below were exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ),
as transactions not involving a public offering.  

On September
22, 2016, the Company issued 100,000 shares of its common stock to Mark J. Wells, the Company s President, which vested
pursuant to the terms of a Consulting Agreement, dated June 1, 2015, between the Company and Mr. Wells, whereby Mr. Wells provided
independent sales consultant services. The services were rendered prior to Mr. Well s becoming the Company s President.  

On September
22, 2016, the Company issued 150,000 shares of its common stock to Mark J. Wells, the Company s President, pursuant to an
Executive Employment Agreement dated August 17, 2016, in exchange for a cash investment made by Mr. Wells of $405,000, for a price
per share of $2.70. In connection with the investment, the Company granted purchase options to Mr. Wells to purchase up to 750,000
shares of its common stock exercisable at a price per share of $3.00, which will fully vest on January 1, 2017 and will expire
on January 1, 2022.  

On or
about September 22, 2016, the Company entered into a securities subscription agreement with an accredited investor, as defined
under Regulation D, Rule 501 of the Securities Act (the  August Subscription Package ), pursuant to which the Company
sold (i) 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of USD $2.60 per share, (ii) an option to purchase
an additional 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock at a purchase price of USD $2.60 per share within 90 days of the
initial closing, (iii) a three-year common stock purchase warrant to purchase up to 60,000 shares of the Company s common
stock (or 120,000 shares if the option in item (ii) is exercised) at an exercise price ranging between USD $3.00 and USD $3.50
per share (depending on the date of exercise), and (iii) a right to subsequently receive warrants to purchase up to 120,000 shares
of the Company s common stock at USD $3.00 per share, which will become issuable upon (a) the Company meeting specified
thresholds based on the Company generating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) ranging from
$26.9 million to $76.9 million in a fiscal year during the warrant term, (b) completion of a private placement of a minimum of
$15,000,000 at pre-money valuation thresholds ranging from $350,000,000 to $1,000,000,000, or (c) the sale of at least fifty percent
(50%) of its assets at pre-money valuation thresholds ranging from $350,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 (the  May 2016 Private
Placement ). On September 22, 2016, the Company issued 30,000 shares of its common stock to an accredited investor in connection
with the foregoing, and received a cash investment of $78,000. Net proceeds were used for the Company s general working capital. Additional information concerning
the use of proceeds from the Stock Offering can be found in the subsection titled  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
found in Part I, Item 2 above, which is incorporated by reference into this Part II, Item 2.  

The
August 2016 Preferred Stock Election   

In July 2016,
the Company requested the holders of its Secured Convertible Promissory Notes dated November 26, 2013, May 8, 2014 and June 25,
2014 (each a  Note  and collectively, the  Notes ) to indicate its election (the  August 2016 Election )
to (i) redeem its Note, (ii) convert its Note into the Company s common stock or (iii) the  Preferred Option 
to convert its Note into shares of the Company s Class A Convertible Preferred Stock ( Preferred Stock ), in
each case by August 15, 2016.  

Prior to the
August 2016 Election, several holders of the Notes had previously elected to receive payment in cash, or convert their Notes into
shares of the Company s common stock, but most holders of the Notes had agreed to forbear making an election under their
Notes until July 31, 2016, pursuant to one or more forbearance agreements, during such time interest under their respective Notes
continued to accrue interest. Because the Company requested that holders make their August 2015 Election by August 15, 2016, the
Company extended the period of interest accrual and repaid the interest accrued under such forbearance agreements through August
15, 2016. Pursuant to August 2016 Elections received, the Company thereafter issued shares of the Company s common stock
and Preferred Stock, as applicable, in exchange for the principal balance of the Notes.  

For those holders
electing the Preferred Option, each holder received shares of the Preferred Stock on a 1 to 1 ratio to the number of shares of
the Company s common stock which were then convertible as unpaid principal under such holder s respective Note. The
Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the same conversion price as the Notes (i.e.,
USD $0.25 per share), and pay interest quarterly at a rate of six percent (6%). The Preferred Stock will be convertible upon the
election of the holder thereof.  

Each holder
electing the Preferred Option entered into an amendment to its Note, providing that the Note is convertible into the Preferred
Stock rather than the Company s common stock (the  Note Amendment ). In addition, each holder entered into a
lock-up agreement, whereby the holder agreed not to offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, give, donate, transfer or otherwise
dispose of (i) the shares of the Company s common stock it then holds, (ii) the shares of Preferred Stock obtained upon
conversion of its Note, and (iii) the shares of the Company s common stock underlying the Preferred Stock (the  Lock-Up
Agreement ). More than a majority of the noteholders of the then-outstanding Notes entered into the Note Amendment or otherwise
consented to the Note Amendment, and the Note Amendments, conversion to Preferred Stock and Lock-Up Agreement were entered into
effective as of August 15, 2016.  

As of November
14, 2016, pursuant to all August 2016 Elections, the Company has issued the following:  

Based on August
2016 Elections received, the Company will issue an additional 800,000 shares of Preferred Stock, representing $200,000 in Note
principal, upon receipt of complete paperwork and original Notes (or in the alternative, a Declaration of Loss of Security) from
the respective Note holders. Two individuals holding Notes representing an aggregate principal balance of $100,000 have not responded
to the August 2016 Election. All issuances of capital stock in the August 2016 Election have been or will be made only for principal
balances due under the Notes, and all interest under the Notes has been or will be paid directly to the Investors.  

Item
3. Defaults upon Senior Securities  

None.   

Item
5. Other Information  

On November
7, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors approved the terms and conditions of an Executive Employment Agreement, dated
effective July 1, 2016, between Patricia Barron and the Company (the  COO Agreement ), whereby Ms. Barron will continue
to serve as the Chief Operations Officer of the Company.  

The COO Agreement
provides that Ms. Barron will serve for an initial term of two years (the  Initial Term ), which may be renewed by
the mutual agreement of Ms. Barron and the Company. Subject to other customary terms and conditions of such agreements, the COO
Agreement provides that Ms. Barron will receive a base salary of $120,000 per year. As further consideration, the COO Agreement
includes incentive compensation equal to one quarter of one percent of the Company s net revenue paid in cash on an annual
or quarterly basis. Pursuant to the CEO Agreement, if terminated without cause during the Initial Term, the Company shall pay
to Ms. Barron (a) an amount calculated by multiplying the monthly salary, at the time of such termination, times the number of
months remaining in the Initial Term, and (b) all due but unpaid incentive compensation. For any other termination during the
Initial Term, Ms. Barron shall receive payment of salary, at the then current rate, through the date termination is effective
and any due but unpaid incentive compensation. The foregoing summary of the COO Agreement does not purport to be complete and
is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Wells COO Agreement, filed hereto and incorporated herein
by reference.  

Ms. Barron has
no direct or indirect material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K,
has no family relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(d) of Regulation S-K, and the Company has not entered
into or adopted a material compensatory plan to which its principal executive officers participate or are a party.  

Item
6. Exhibits  

(b)       Exhibit
Index   

_______________________      

(1)    Filed
                                         herewith.    

(2)    Incorporated
                                         by reference from the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the
                                         SEC on August 1, 2014 and, declared effective on October 22, 2014.    

(5)    Incorporated
                                         by reference to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC
                                         on August 15, 2016.    

(6)    Incorporated
                                         by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
                                         November 8, 2016.    

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

SQL
TECHNOLOGIES CORP.   

By:
  /s/ John P. Campi    

   John
P. Campi   

  Chief
Executive Officer  

  (Principal
Executive Officer)  

  (Principal
Accounting Officer)  

<EX-3.1>
 2
 sfql10q111116ex3_1.htm

Certificate of Conversion  

  For  

   SAFETY QUICK LIGHT, LLC   

  Into  

  Florida Profit Corporation  

This Certificate of Conversion
 and attached Articles of Incorporation  are submitted to convert the following  Other Business Entity  into a
Florida Profit Corporation in accordance with s. 607.1115, Florida Statutes. 

1.  
         
      The name
    of the  Other Business Entity  immediately prior to the filing of this Certificate of Conversion is: Safety Quick
    Light, LLC   

2.  
         
      The  Other
    Business Entity  is a Limited Liability Company, first organized, formed or incorporated under the laws of Florida on
    May 14, 2004.   

3.  
         
      If the
    jurisdiction of the  Other Business Entity  was changed, the state or country under the laws of which it is now
    organized, formed or incorporated: Not Applicable.   

4.  
         
      The name
    of the Florida Profit Corporation as set forth in the attached Articles of Incorporation: Safety Quick Lighting   Fans
    Corp.   

5.  
         
      If not
    effective on the date of filing, enter the effective date: Date of Filing.   

Signed this 24th day of October, 2012. 

/s/ Rani Kohen    

 Rani Kohen, Manager 

ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION  

  OF  

  SAFETY QUICK LIGHTING   FANS CORP.  

The undersigned, desiring to form a corporation
(the  Corporation ) under the laws of Florida, hereby adopts the following Articles of Incorporation. 

ARTICLE I  

  CORPORATE NAME  

The name of the Corporation
is Safety Quick Lighting   Fans Corp. 

ARTICLE II  

  PURPOSE  

The Corporation shall be
organized for any and all purposes authorized under the laws of the state of Florida. 

ARTICLE III  

  PERIOD OF EXISTENCE  

The period during which the Corporation shall
continue perpetual. 

ARTICLE IV  

  SHARES  

4.1.  The capital stock of this corporation
shall consist of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value. 

4.2. Preferred Stock.  The board of
directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in
one or more series, to establish the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, including
voting rights, if any, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series, and any qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof. 

4.3. Other Powers of the Board of Directors
With Respect to Shares.  

(a) The board of directors may effectuate
dividends payable in shares by issuance of shares of any class or series to holders of shares of any other class or series. 

(b) The board of directors may issue
rights and options to acquire shares upon such terms as the board of directors shall determine. 

ARTICLE V  

  PLACE OF BUSINESS  

The initial address of the principal place
of business of this corporation in the State of Florida shall be 7695 S.W. 104th Street, Suite 210, Miami, FL 33156. The Board
of Directors may at any time move the principal office of this corporation. 

ARTICLE VI  

  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  

The business of this corporation shall be
managed by its Board of Directors. The number of such directors shall not be less than one (1) and subject to such minimum may
be increased or decreased from time to time in the manner provided in the By-Laws. 

The number or person constituting the initial
Board of Directors shall be (11). The Board of Directors shall be elected by the Stockholders of the corporation at such a manner
as provided in the By-Laws. The name and addresses of initial Board of Directors and officers are as follows: 

Rani
    Kohen  
         
      President,
    Director and Secretary   

ARTICLE VII  

  DENIAL OF PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS  

No share holder shall have any right to acquire
share or other securities of the corporation except to the extent to such right may be granted by an amendment to these Articles
of Incorporation or by a resolution of the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE VIII  

  AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS  

Anything in these Articles of Incorporation,
the By-Laws, or the Florida Corporation Act notwithstanding, by-laws not be adopted, modified, amended or repealed by the shareholders
of the Corporation except upon the affirmative vote of a simple majority vote of the holders of all the issued and outstanding
shares of the corporation entitled to vote thereon. 

ARTICLE IX  

  SHAREHOLDERS  

9.1 Inspection of books.  The Board
of Directors shall make the reasonable rules to determine at what times and place and under what conditions the books of the shareholders
of the Corporation except upon the affirmative vote of a simple majority vote of the holders of all the issued and outstanding
shares of the corporation. 

9.2 Control Share Acquisition.  The
provisions relating to any control share acquisition as contained in Florida Statutes now, or hereinafter amended, and any successor
provision shall not be applied to the Corporation. 

9.3 Quorum.  The holders of shares entitled
to one-third of the votes at a meeting of shareholders shall constitute a quorum. 

9.4 Required Vote.  Acts of shareholders
shall require the approval of holders of 50.01% of the outstanding votes of shareholders. 

9.5. Combination.  Upon the effectiveness
of any  combination,  as such term is defined in Section 607.10025(1) of the Florida Business Corporation Act, the authorized
shares of the classes or series affected by the combination shall not be reduced or otherwise affected by the percentage by which
the issued shares of such class or series were reduced as a result of the combination. 

ARTICLE X  

  LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS
AND OFFICERS  

To the fullest extent permitted by law, no
director or officer of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation of its shareholders for damages for breach
of any duty owed to the Corporation or its shareholders. In addition, the Corporation shall have the power, in its by-laws or
in any resolution of its stockholders or directors, to undertake to indemnify the officers and directors of this corporation against
any contingency or peril as may be determined to be in the best interest of this corporation, and ion conjunction therewith, to
procure, at this corporation's expense, policies of insurance. 

ARTICLE XI  

  CONTRACTS  

No contract or other transaction between this
corporation and any person, firm or corporation shall be affected by the fact that any officer or director of this corporation
is such othver party or is, or at some time in the future becomes, an officer, director or partner of such other contracting party,
or has now hereafter a direct or indirect interest in such contract. 

ARTICLE XII  

  SUBSCRIBER  

The name and address of the person signing
these Articles of Incorporation as subscriber is: Rani Kohen 

ARTICLE XIII  

  RESIDENT AGENT  

The name and address of the initial resident
agent of this corporation is: 

Eric P. Littman 

 7695 SW 104th Street 

 Suite 210 

 Miami, FL 33156 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto subscribed
to and executed these Articles of Incorporation this on October 24, 2012. 

/s/ Rani Kohen   

 Rani Kohen, Subscriber  

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT  
 TO  
 ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION  
 OF  

Safety Quick
Lighting   Fans Corp. 

  (Name of Corporation as currently filed with
the Florida Dept. of State)  

P12000092660 

  (Document Number of Corporation (if known)  

Pursuant to the provisions of section 607.1006,
Florida Statutes, this   Florida Profit Corporation   adopts the following amendment(s) to its Articles of Incorporation: 

A.  If amending name, enter the
new name of the corporation:   

SQL Technologies Corp.   

D.   
 If amending the registered agent and/or registered office address in Florida, enter the name of the new registered agent and/or
the new registered office address:         

N/A 

New Registered Agent's Signature., if
changing Registered Agent:    

  I hereby accept the appointment as registered
agent. I am familiar with and accept the obligations of the position.  

N/A   

  Signature of New Registered Agent, if changing  

If amending the Officers and/or Directors,
enter the title and name of each officer/director being removed and title, name, and address of each Officer and/or Director being
added:  

Please note the officer/director title
by the first letter of the office title: P = President; V= Vice President; T= Treasurer; S= Secretary; D= Director; TR= Trustee;
C = Chairman or Clerk; CEO = Chief Executive Officer; CFO = Chief Financial Officer.   

E.       If
                                         amending or adding additional Articles, enter change(s) here   :   

See attached CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION
OF RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND PRIVILEGES OF 

 SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK. 

F.       If
                                         an amendment provides for an exchange, reclassification, or cancellation of issued shares,      

    provisions
for implementing the amendment if not contained in the amendment itself:     

N/A 

The date of each amendment(s) adoption:
     June 8, 2016  , if other than the   date this document was signed. 

Effective
date  if applicable:       August 12, 2016   

Adoption of Amendment(s) :   

The
amendment(s) was/were adopted by the shareholders. The number of votes cast for the amendment(s) by the shareholders was/were
sufficient for approval. 

The
amendment(s) was/were approved by the shareholders through voting groups. 

The
amendment(s) was/were adopted by the board of directors without shareholder action and shareholder action was not required. 

The
amendment(s) was/were adopted by the incorporators without shareholder action and shareholder action was not required. 

Dated: June 27, 2016 

Signature:  /s/ John P. Campi   

 John P. Campi 

 President and CEO 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION  

  OF RIGHTS, PREFERENCES AND PRIVILEGES OF  

  SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK  

  OF  

  SAFETY QUICK LIGHTING   FANS CORP.  

Pursuant to Sections 607.0601 and 607.0602
of the Florida Statutes, Safety Quick Lighting   Fans Corp., a corporation organized and existing under laws of the State
of Florida (the   Company  ), does hereby submit the following: 

WHEREAS , pursuant to the Company s
Articles of Incorporation, dated November 16, 2012, the Company has 500,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value per share
(  Common Stock  ), and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, no par value (the   Preferred Stock  ),
outstanding, and the Company s Board of Directors is authorized to issue and establish one or more series of the Preferred
Stock and to fix the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations thereof; 

WHEREAS , no series of the Preferred
Stock has been designated, and no shares of Preferred Stock have heretofore been issued; and 

WHEREAS , it is the desire of the Company,
its Board of Directors, and a majority of its shareholders to establish and fix the number of shares to be included in a new series
of Preferred Stock and the designation, rights, preferences and limitations of the shares of such new series. 

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED , that,
pursuant to the authority conferred upon as of June 8, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors and an absolute majority of
the Company s voting shareholders of record as of June 1, 2016 do hereby provide for the issuance of a series of Preferred
Stock and to establish and fix and herein state and express, by this Certificate of Designation (the   Certificate of
Designation  ), the designation, rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations of such series of Preferred
Stock as follows: 

1.   
       DESIGNATION
    AND AMOUNT.  There shall be a series of Preferred Stock that shall be designated as  Series A Convertible Preferred
    Stock  (the   Series A Preferred Stock  ) and the number of shares (the   Shares  )
    constituting such series shall be 20,000,000. The rights, preferences, powers, restrictions and limitations of the Series
    A Preferred Stock shall be as set forth herein.   

2.   
       ISSUANCE
    OF SHARES.  Each Share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be issuable only to the holders of the Company s Secured
    Convertible Promissory Notes issued on November 26, 2013, May 8, 2014 or June 25, 2014 (the   Notes  ) who
    have amended their Notes outstanding to be convertible into the Series A Preferred Stock, pursuant to a written election by
    such holder, at a conversion price of USD $0.25 per Share based on the original purchase price of the one or more Note(s)
    issued to the holder thereof, plus any accrued but unpaid interest or amounts due in connection therewith (in the aggregate,
    the   Note Balance  ).   

(a)     Interest.
 From and after the date of issuance of any Share, cumulative interest on such Share shall accrue, whether or not declared
by the Board and whether or not there are funds legally available for the payment of interest, on a monthly basis at the rate
of 6% per annum on the sum of the Liquidation Value thereof plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated interest thereon. All accrued
interest on any Share shall be paid in cash to the holder thereof quarterly, with the first such payment due beginning on September
30, 2016 and payable on the last day of the month of each calendar quarter thereafter. 

(b)    Priority .
All accrued and accumulated interest on the Shares shall be prior and in preference to any dividend or interest on any Junior
Securities and shall be fully declared and paid before any dividends are declared and paid, or any other distributions or redemptions
are made, on any Junior Securities, other than to (i) declare or pay any dividend or distribution payable on the Common Stock
in shares of Common Stock or (ii) repurchase Common Stock held by employees or consultants of the Corporation upon termination
of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for such repurchase. 

4.   
       RANK
    AND LIQUIDATION.       

(a)     Rank .
With respect to payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether
voluntary or involuntary, all Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock shall rank senior to all Common Stock and any other class
of securities that is specifically designated as junior to the Series A Preferred Stock (  Junior Securities  ). 

(b)    Liquidation .
In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Shares of Series
A Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to
its shareholders, before any payment shall be made to the holders of Junior Securities by reason of their ownership thereof, an
amount in cash equal to the aggregate Liquidation Value (as defined below), plus all unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends
on all such Shares (whether or not declared). In the event that the funds are not sufficient to pay out the full Liquidation Value
to all holders of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the Liquidation Value shall be paid to such holders pro rata based each
holder s Liquidation Value relative to the Liquidation Value of all holders of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

(c)      Liquidation
Value   means, with respect to a holder of Shares, the aggregate value of the Note Balance converted by such holder into
Shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

5.   
       CONVERSION
    RIGHTS.       

(a)     Elective
Conversion . Each Share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be convertible at any time by the holder thereof into one (1) share
of Common Stock. 

(b)    Effect of Conversion .
All Shares of Series A Preferred Stock converted as provided herein shall no longer be deemed issued and outstanding as of the
effective time of the applicable conversion, and all rights with respect to such Shares shall immediately cease and terminate
as of such time, other than the right of the holder to receive shares of Common Stock in exchange therefor. 

6.   
       VOTING
    RIGHTS.  Each Share of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no right to vote on any matter to be submitted for a vote to
    shareholders of the Company.   

7.   
       ADJUSTMENT.
     In the event that the Company shall, at any time after the issuance of any Share of Series A Preferred Stock, (a) declare
    any dividend on Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (b) subdivide or effectuate any stock-split of the outstanding
    Common Stock or (c) combine or recapitalize the outstanding Common Stock into a different number of shares, then in each such
    case the Company shall simultaneously effect a proportional adjustment to the number of outstanding Shares of Series A Preferred
    Stock.   

8.   
       CONSOLIDATION,
    MERGER, ETC.  In the event the Company enters into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which
    the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then
    in any such case the Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into preferred
    stock of the surviving Company with the same rights and preferences as the Series A Preferred Stock.   

9.   
       WAIVER.
     Any of the rights, powers, preferences and other terms of the Series A Preferred Stock set forth herein may be waived
    on behalf of a holder of Shares in its sole discretion.   

10.   
       REPURCHASE
    AND PUT OPTION.       

(a)     Repurchase
Notice . The Company may, at any time after the issuance of any Share of Series A Preferred Stock, by providing 30 day s
prior written notice to all holders of the Shares (a   Repurchase Notice  ), repurchase some or all of the Shares
outstanding from the holders thereof at a purchase price of USD $3.50 per Share (the   Repurchase Price  ). Any
Repurchase Notice for less than the full number of Shares issued and outstanding shall be for purchase  pro rata , based
each holder s number of Shares outstanding relative to the aggregate number of Shares outstanding. 

(b)    Repurchase Period .
Each holder of Shares must sell to the Company the number of Shares specified in a Repurchase Notice on the date set forth therein,
such date being no less than thirty (30) days following the date of such Repurchase Notice (the   Repurchase Period  ),
except where the Shares subject to the Repurchase Notice are converted, by election or automatically, into Common Stock prior
to the end of the Repurchase Period and such holder thereafter no longer holds Shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

(c)     Put Option .
Any holder of Shares may, at any time after the issuance of any Share of Series A Preferred Stock, by providing a written request
to the Company, require the Company to purchase some or all such holder s Shares outstanding at a purchase price of USD
$0.25 per Share, and the Company shall promptly purchase the number of Shares so specified and owned by the holder thereof. 

(d)    Effect of Repurchase .
All Shares of Series A Preferred Stock repurchased or purchased by the Company as provided in this Section 10 shall no longer
be deemed issued and outstanding as of the effective time of the applicable repurchase or purchase, and all rights with respect
to such Shares shall immediately cease and terminate as of such time. 

11.   
       ASSIGNMENT.
     Each holder of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to transfer some or all of its Shares to one or more
    affiliated partnerships or funds managed by it or any of such holder s respective directors, officers or partners; provided,
    however, that any such transferee agrees in writing to be subject to the identical terms of any conversion and/or related
    agreements entered into by the holder thereof in connection with the issuance of the transferred Shares.   

12.   
       AMENDMENT.
     No provision of this Certificate of Designation may be amended, modified or waived except by an instrument in writing
    executed by the Company and the holders of a majority of Shares of Series A Preferred Stock, and any such written amendment,
    modification or waiver will be binding upon the Company and each holder of Series A Preferred Stock; provided, that no such
    action shall change or waive (a) the definition of Liquidation Value, (b) the rate at which or the manner in which interest
    on the Series A Preferred Stock accrues or accumulates, (c) the Repurchase Price, or (d) this Section 12, without the prior
    written consent of holders of at least seventy-five (75%) of all outstanding Shares of Series A Preferred Stock.  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Certificate
of Designation is executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief Executive Officer on July 27, 2016. 

/s/ John P. Campi    

 John P. Campi, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 sfql10q111116ex10_10.htm

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT  

 This Executive
Employment Agreement (the  Agreement ) dated July 1, 2016 by and between  Safety Quick Lighting   Fans Corp.,
 a corporation duly organized under the laws of the state of Florida (together with its subsidiaries and predecessor companies
hereinafter referred to as the  Company ) and  Patricia Barron,  a resident of the state of Georgia (hereinafter
referred to as the  Executive ). 

  NOW, THEREFORE,  the parties hereto agree as follows: 

  1.                                
Employment.  Company hereby agrees to employ Executive as its Chief Operations Officer and Executive hereby accepts such employment
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and the terms of employment applicable to regular employees of Company. 

  2.                                
Duties of Executive.  The duties of Executive shall include the performance of all of the duties and projects as may be assigned
by the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors of the Company. Executive shall perform all
duties in a professional, ethical and businesslike manner. Executive shall be required to devote such time to the affairs of the
Company as shall be necessary to manage such affairs. Executive shall perform such duties principally from the Company s
offices in Alpharetta, Georgia and/or Fort Lauderdale, Florida, subject to such reasonable travel as may be required. With the
exception of those listed on Exhibit A, during the term of this Agreement, Executive s direct or indirect engagement in
any other businesses or concerns in any capacity, either with or without compensation will require prior written consent of Company. 

  3.                                
Compensation.  Executive shall be paid compensation during the term of this Agreement as follows: 

 a)                 
A base salary of one hundred and twenty thousand dollars ($120,000) per year ($10,000 per month), payable in installments according
to the Company s regular payroll schedule. The base salary shall be reviewed at the end of each year of service and adjusted
by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, at its sole discretion. 

 b)                 
Incentive compensation equal to one quarter of one percent (0.0025) of Net Revenue (as defined herein) paid in cash on an annual
or quarterly basis pursuant to the Company s annual audit conducted by its independent auditor. 

 Net Revenue -shall mean total sales less returns and
discounts. 

  4.       Benefits.  

a)                 
Vacation.  Executive shall be entitled to three (3) weeks paid vacation days each year. 

  b)                 
Sick Leave.  Executive shall be entitled to sick leave and emergency leave according to the regular policies and procedures
of Company. Additional sick leave or emergency leave over and above paid leave provided by the Company, if any, shall be unpaid
and shall be granted at the discretion of the board of directors. 

  c)                 
Medical and Group Life Insurance.  In the event the Company offers such a plan, Company agrees to include Executive, at the
Executive s option, in a group medical and hospital insurance plan the Company may offer during this Agreement. Executive
shall be responsible for payment of any federal or state income tax imposed upon these benefits. The offering of a group medical
and hospital insurance plan is at the discretion of the Company and NOT a condition of employment by the Executive. 

  d)                 
Expense Reimbursement.  Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable expenses, including travel and entertainment,
incurred by Executive in the performance of Executive s duties. Executive will maintain records and written receipts as
required by the Company policy and reasonably requested by the Company s Board of Directors to substantiate such expenses. 

  5.               
Initial Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on July 1, 2016 and shall continue in effect for a period of two (2)
years (the  Initial Tern ). Following the expiration of the Initial Tern, the Agreement shall be renewed upon the
mutual agreement of Executive and Company. 

  6.               
Termination  

 a)       The
Company may terminate Executive for cause. Cause shall be defined as: 

 (i)              
An act of fraud, embezzlement, theft or neglect of or refusal to substantially perform the duties of Executive s employment
which is materially injurious to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company; 

 (ii)            
A material violation of this Agreement by Executive, which is not cured within thirty (30) days after written notice thereof; 

 (iii)          
Executive s death, disability or incapacity. 

 b)       This
Agreement is an  At Will  employment agreement and nothing in the Company s policies, actions, or this document
shall be construed to alter the  At Will  nature of Executive s status with the Company, and Employee understands
that the Company may terminate Executive s employment at any time for any reason or for no reason, provided it is not terminated
in violation of state or federal law. If, however, 

Executive is terminated without
cause, Company shall pay to Executive an amount calculated by multiplying the Executive s monthly salary, at the time of
such termination, times the number of months remaining in the Initial Term (as an example, if Executive were terminated at the
end of the sixth month of employment, Executive would be entitled to receive a one-lump payment in cash equal to the remaining
six months base compensation of the Initial Term at the time of termination). In addition, if Executive is terminated without
cause, Executive s Sign-on Bonus shares shall immediately vest. In the event of such termination, Executive shall be entitled
to any due but unpaid Incentive Compensation then in effect. 

 c)                 
This Agreement and Executive s employment may be terminated by the Company s Board of Directors at its discretion
at any time after the Initial Term, provided that in such case, Executive shall be paid one  (1)  month of Executive s
then applicable annual base salary for every year of employment in the Company. In the event of such a discretionary termination,
Executive shall be entitled to any due but unpaid Incentive Compensation then in effect. 

 d)                 
This Agreement may be terminated by Executive at Executive s discretion by providing at least thirty (30) days prior written
notice to Company. In the event of termination by Executive pursuant to this subsection, Company may immediately relieve Executive
of all duties and immediately terminate this Agreement, provided that Company shall pay Executive at the then applicable base
salary rate and Executive shall be entitled to any due but unpaid Incentive Compensation to the termination date included in Executive s
original termination notice. 

 e)                 
In the event Company is acquired, or is the non-surviving entity in a merger, or sells all or substantially all of its assets,
this Agreement, all of the provisions and rights provided herein shall survive. The Company shall use its best efforts to ensure
that the transferee or surviving company is bound by the provisions of this Agreement and all shares grants will vest immediately. 

  7.       Notices.
 Any notice required by this Agreement or given in connection with it, shall be in writing and shall be given to the appropriate
party by personal delivery or by certified mail, postage prepaid, or recognized overnight delivery services; 

 If to Company: 

 Safety Quick Lighting   Fans Corp. 
4400 North Point Parkway, Suite 154 
Alpharetta, GA 30305 

 If to Executive: 

 [REDACTED] 

8.               
Final Agreement.  This Agreement supersedes all prior understandings or agreements on the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
may be modified only in writing and that which is duly executed by both parties. 

  9.               
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of Florida. 

  10.           
Headings.  Headings used in this Agreement are provided for convenience only and shall not be used to construe meaning or intent. 

  11.           
No Assignment.  Neither this Agreement nor any or interest in this Agreement may be assigned by Executive without the prior
express written approval of Company, which may be withheld by Company at Company s absolute and sole discretion. 

  12.           
Severability.  If any term of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then
this Agreement, including all of the remaining terms, shall remain in full force and effect as if such invalid or unenforceable
term had never been included. 

  13.           
Arbitration.  The parties agree that they shall use their best efforts to amicably resolve any dispute arising out of or relating
to this Agreement. Any controversy, claim or dispute that cannot be so resolved shall be settled by final binding arbitration
in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator or
arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Any such arbitration shall be conducted in the state of Florida,
or such other place as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties. Within fifteen (15) days after the commencement of the arbitration,
each party shall select one person to act as arbitrator, and the two arbitrators so selected shall select a third arbitrator within
ten (10) days of their appointment. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses and an equal share of the arbitrator s
expenses and administrative fees of arbitration. 

******** Signature Page Follows
******** 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
hereto have executed this Agreement as of July 1, 2016. 

EXECUTIVE   

/s/ Patricia Barron    

 Patricia Barron 

SAFETY QUICK LIGHTING  
FANS COR   

/s/ John P. Campi   

 John P. Campi, President  
CEO 

/s/ Rani Kohen   

 Rani Kohen, Chairman 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 sfql10q111116ex10_11.htm

SECURITIES SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT  

As of _______, 2016 

 SQL Technologies Corp. 

 4400 North Point Parkway, Suite 154 

 Alpharetta, GA 30022 

Investors: 

1.1.  Subscription;
Payment . 

(a)       The
undersigned subscriber (the   Subscriber  ) hereby irrevocably subscribes for and agrees to purchase from SQL
Technologies Corp., a Florida corporation (the   Company  ), (i) up to ______ shares of the Company s common
stock, no par value per share (  Common Stock  ), at USD $2.60 per share as set forth on the signature page hereto,
(ii) a 90-day option to purchase up to the same number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Subscriber in the Closing, at
an exercise price of $2.60 per share, the form of which is attached as Exhibit A hereto, (iii) three-year warrants to purchase
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of USD $3.00 to $3.50 per share, depending on the date of exercise, the form of which
is attached as Exhibit B hereto, and (iv) the right to obtain Volume Warrants (as defined below), upon the terms and conditions
set forth in Section 5 hereto (collectively, the   Securities  ), pursuant to the terms set forth in the Confidential
Term Sheet and this Securities Subscription Agreement (this   Transaction  ). This Securities Subscription Agreement,
which incorporates by reference all exhibits and schedules attached to the Investor Package issued in connection with the Investor
Package dated August 2016, shall be hereinafter referred to as the   Subscription Agreement   together with
such exhibits and schedules attached hereto, the   Sale Documents  . Any capitalized term not defined herein
shall have the meaning of such term as has been set forth in the Sale Documents. The minimum investment per Subscriber shall be
$25,000, which may be waived by the Company in its sole discretion. All amounts in this Subscription Agreement are expressed in
US Dollars. 

This subscription
for the Securities is based upon the information provided in the Sale Documents and upon the Subscriber s own investigation
as to the merits and risks of this investment. The Subscriber shall deliver herewith duly executed copies of the signature pages
to this Subscription Agreement and the Accredited Investor Questionnaire   Form W-9 (the   Investor Questionnaire  )
provided by the Company to the Subscriber. 

It is currently anticipated
that the closing of the Transaction will take place on or around August ___, 2016 (the   Closing   and the date
upon which a Closing occurs, the   Closing Date  ), unless otherwise extended or modified by the Company in its
sole discretion. 

(b)       Subject
to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, the Subscriber hereby subscribes for and agrees to purchase from the Company
the number of shares of Common Stock set forth on the signature page hereto (the   Shares  ), at a purchase price
of Two and Six Tenths US Dollars (USD $2.60) per share of Common Stock (the   Purchase Price  ). When this Subscription
Agreement is accepted and executed by the Company, the Company agrees to issue the Securities to the Subscriber. The Purchase
Price is payable by wire transfer to Citibank, New York, NY for SQL Technologies Corp. for pursuant to the following wire instructions.

WIRING INSTRUCTIONS  

 [REDACTED] 

Provided that (i) the Subscriber
has satisfied all conditions set forth herein and (ii) the Company has accepted and executed this Subscription Agreement, the
Securities purchased by the Subscriber will be delivered to the Subscriber by the Company promptly following the Closing Date.
In the event that a Closing does not occur, Subscriber s funds will be returned by the Company to the Subscriber. 

2.                 
 Subscriber Representations, Warranties and Agreements . The Subscriber hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants as follows
(with the understanding that the Company will rely on such representations and warranties in determining, among other matters,
the suitability of this investment for the Subscriber in order to comply with federal and state securities laws): 

(a)       In
connection with this subscription, the Subscriber has read this Subscription Agreement. The Subscriber acknowledges that this
Subscription Agreement is not intended to set forth all of the information which might be deemed pertinent by an investor who
is considering an investment in the Securities. It is the responsibility of the Subscriber (i) to determine what additional information
he desires to obtain in evaluating this investment, and (ii) to obtain such information from the Company. 

(b)         This
Transaction is limited to persons who are  accredited investors,  as that term is defined in RULE 501 OF Regulation
D under the 1933, as amended (the   Act  ), and who have the financial means and the business, financial and
investment experience and acumen to conduct an investigation as to, and to evaluate, the merits and risks of this investment.
The Subscriber hereby represents that he has read, is familiar with and understands Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Act. The
Subscriber is an  accredited investor  as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D UNDER THE ACT.   

(c)       The
Subscriber has had full access to all the information which the Subscriber (or the Subscriber s advisor(s)) considers necessary
or appropriate to make an informed decision with respect to the Subscriber s investment in the Securities. The Subscriber
acknowledges that the Company has made available to the Subscriber and the Subscriber s advisors the opportunity to examine
and copy any contract, matter or information which the Subscriber considers relevant or appropriate in connection with this investment
and to ask questions and receive answers relating to any such matters including, without limitation, the financial condition,
management, employees, business, obligation, corporate books and records, budgets, business plans of and other matters relevant
to the Company. To the extent the Subscriber has not sought information regarding any particular matter, the Subscriber represents
that he or she had and has no interest in doing so and that such matters are not material to the Subscriber in connection with
this investment. The Subscriber has accepted the responsibility for conducting the Subscriber s own investigation and obtaining
for itself such information as to the foregoing and all other subjects as the Subscriber deems relevant or appropriate in connection
with this investment. The Subscriber is not relying on any representation or warranty other than that contained herein. The Subscriber
acknowledges that no representation regarding projected revenues or a projected rate of return has been made to it by any party. 

(d)       The
Subscriber understands that this Transaction has not been registered under the Act, in reliance on an exemption for private offerings
provided pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Act and that, as a result, the Securities will be  restricted securities 
as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Act and, accordingly, under Rule 144 as currently in effect, that the Securities
must be held for at least one (1) year after the investment has been made (or indefinitely if the Subscriber is deemed an  affiliate 
within the meaning of such rule) unless the Securities are subsequently registered under the Act and qualified under any other
applicable securities law or exemptions from such registration. The Subscriber further understands that this Transaction has not
been qualified or registered under any foreign or state securities laws in reliance upon the representations made and information
furnished by the Subscriber herein and any other documents delivered by the Subscriber in connection with this Subscription Agreement;
that this Transaction has not been reviewed by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or by any foreign or state securities
authorities; that the Subscriber s rights to transfer the Securities will be restricted, which includes restrictions against
transfers unless the transfer is not in violation of the Act and applicable state securities laws (including investor suitability
standards); and that the Company may in its sole discretion require the Subscriber to provide at Subscriber s own expense
an opinion of its counsel to the effect that any proposed transfer is not in violation of the Act or any state securities laws. 

(e)       The
Subscriber is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act.
The Subscriber has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits
and risks of the purchase of the Common Stock. The Subscriber is not registered as a broker or dealer under Section 15(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, affiliated with any broker or dealer registered under Section 15(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 

(f)       This
Subscription Agreement and the Sale Documents have been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Subscriber
and is a valid and binding agreement of the Subscriber enforceable against the Subscriber in accordance with their terms, subject
as to enforceability to general principles of equity and to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation
and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors  rights and remedies.
The Subscriber has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Subscription
Agreement and the Sale Documents, and each other agreement entered into by the parties hereto, in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Subscription Agreement. 

(g)       The
execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the Sale Documents by the Subscriber and the consummation
by the Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not (i) result in a violation of the articles of incorporation,
by-laws or other documents of organization of the Subscriber, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event which with
notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Subscriber is bound, or (iii) result in a violation of
any law, rule, regulation or decree applicable to the Subscriber. 

(h)       The
Subscriber understands that the Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on a transactional exemption from the registration
requirements of federal and state securities laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations,
warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Subscriber set forth herein in order to determine the applicability
of such exemptions and the suitability of the Subscriber to acquire the Securities. 

(i)       The
Subscriber acknowledges that there will be no market for the Securities and that the Subscriber may not be able to sell or dispose
of them; the Subscriber has liquid assets sufficient to assure that the purchase price of the Securities will cause no undue financial
difficulties and that, after purchasing the Securities the Subscriber will be able to provide for any foreseeable current needs
and possible personal contingencies; the Subscriber is able to bear the risk of illiquidity and the risk of a complete loss of
this investment. 

(j)       The
information in any documents delivered by the Subscriber in connection with this subscription, including, but not limited to the
Investor Questionnaire, is true, correct and complete in all respects as of the date hereof. The Subscriber agrees promptly to
notify the Company in writing of any change in such information after the date hereof. 

(k)       This
Transaction and sale of the Securities to the Subscriber were not made through any advertisement in printed media of general and
regular paid circulation, radio or television or any other form of advertisement, or as part of a general solicitation. 

(l)       The
Subscriber recognizes that an investment in the Securities involves significant risks, which risks could give rise to the loss
of the Subscriber s entire investment in such securities. 

(m)       The
Subscriber is purchasing the Securities for the Subscriber s own account, with the intention of holding the Securities,
with no present intention of dividing or allowing others to participate in this investment or of reselling or otherwise participating,
directly or indirectly, in a distribution of the Securities, and shall not make any sale, transfer, or pledge thereof without
registration under the Act and any applicable securities laws of any state or unless an exemption from registration is available
under those laws. 

(n)       The
Subscriber represents that the Subscriber, if an individual, has adequate means of providing for his or her current needs and
personal and family contingencies and has no need for liquidity in this investment in the Securities. The Subscriber has no reason
to anticipate any material change in his or her personal financial condition for the foreseeable future. 

(o)       The
Subscriber is financially able to bear the economic risk of this investment, including the ability to hold the Securities indefinitely
or to afford a complete loss of the Subscriber s investment in the Securities. 

(p)        If
the Subscriber is a partnership, corporation, trust, or other entity, (i) the Subscriber has enclosed with this Subscription Agreement
appropriate evidence of the authority of the individual executing this Subscription Agreement to act on its behalf (e.g., if a
trust, a certified copy of the trust agreement; if a corporation, a certified corporate resolution authorizing the signature and
a certified copy of the certificate of incorporation; or if a partnership, a certified copy of the partnership agreement), (ii)
the Subscriber represents and warrants that it was not organized or reorganized for the specific purpose of acquiring the Securities,
(iii) the Subscriber has the full power and authority to execute this Subscription Agreement on behalf of such entity and to make
the representations and warranties made herein on its behalf, and (iv) this investment in the Company has been affirmatively authorized,
if required, by the governing board of such entity and is not prohibited by the governing documents of the entity. 

3.                 
 Representations and Warrants of the Company . As a material inducement of the Subscriber to enter into this Subscription
Agreement and subscribe for the Securities, the Company represents and warrants to the Subscriber, as of the date hereof, as follows: 

(a)        Organization
and Standing . The Company is a duly organized corporation, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State
of Florida, has full power to carry on its business as and where such business is now being conducted and to own, lease and operate
the properties and assets now owned or operated by it and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties requires such qualification except where the failure to be
so qualified would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   Material Adverse Effect   means any circumstance, change
in, or effect on the Company that, individually or in the aggregate with any other similar circumstances, changes in, or effects
on, the Company taken as a whole: (i) is, or is reasonably expected to be, materially adverse to the business, operations, assets,
liabilities, employee relationships, customer or supplier relationships, prospects, results of operations or the condition (financial
or otherwise) of the Company taken as a whole, or (ii) is reasonably expected to adversely affect the ability of the Company to
operate or conduct the Company s business in the manner in which it is currently operated or conducted or proposed to be
operated or conducted by the Company. 

(b)        Authority .
The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the other Sale Documents by the Company and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

(c)        No
Conflict . The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription Agreement and the other Sale Documents, and the consummation
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not (i) violate or conflict with the Company s Articles of Incorporation,
By-laws or other organizational documents, (ii) conflict with or result (with the lapse of time or giving of notice or both) in
a material breach or default under any material agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which the Company
is otherwise bound, or (iii) violate any order, judgment, law, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company, except where
such violation, conflict or breach would not have a Material Adverse Effect. This Subscription Agreement and the Sale Documents
when executed by the Company will be a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable in accordance with its terms
(except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws and equitable principles relating
to or limiting creditors  rights generally). 

(d)        Authorization .
Issuance of the Securities to the Subscriber has been duly authorized by all appropriate corporate actions of the Company. 

(e)        Litigation
and Other Proceedings . There are no actions, suits, proceedings or investigations pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company at law or in equity before or by any court or federal, state, municipal or their governmental department,
commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign which could materially adversely affect the Company.
The Company is not subject to any continuing order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or agency against it which would have
a material adverse effect on the Company. 

(f)        Use
of Proceeds . The proceeds of this Transaction and sale of the Securities, net of payment of placement expenses, will be used
by the Company for working capital and other general corporate purposes subject to the restrictions set forth in the Securities
and on Schedule 1 of the Investor Package. 

(g)        Consents/Approvals .
No consents, filings (other than federal and state securities filings relating to the issuance of the Securities pursuant to applicable
exemptions from registration, which the Company hereby undertakes to make in a timely fashion), authorizations or other actions
of any governmental authority are required to be obtained or made by the Company for the Company s execution, delivery and
performance of this Subscription Agreement which have not already been obtained or made or will be made in a timely manner following
the Closing. 

(h)        No
Commissions . The Company has not incurred any obligation for any finder s, broker s or agent s fees or commissions
in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby. 

(i)        Capitalization .
A capitalization table illustrating the authorized and the outstanding capital stock of the Company as of the date of the Investor
Package is attached as Schedule 2 of the Investor Package. All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be,
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. As of the date of the Investor Package, except as disclosed in Schedule 2.2 of the
Investor Package or pursuant to any other issuance of Securities in this Transaction, (i) no shares of the Company s capital
stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company;
(ii) there are no outstanding debt securities; (iii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to,
calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital
stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company
or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries
or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities
or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; (iv) there are no outstanding
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts,
commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a
security of the Company or any of its subsidiaries; and (v) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or
similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities. The Company will furnish to the Subscriber upon request,
true and correct copies of the Company s Articles of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the
  Articles of Incorporation  ), and the Company s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the   By-laws  )
attached hereto as Schedule 5 of the Investor Package, and the terms of all securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable
for Common Stock and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto. Schedule 2.1 of the Investor Package hereto
also lists all outstanding debt of the Company for borrowed money. 

(j)        Employee
Relations . Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in any labor dispute nor, to the knowledge of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries, is any such dispute threatened, the effect of which would be reasonably likely to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. 

(k)        Intellectual
Property Rights . The Company and its subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all trademarks, trade
names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals,
governmental authorizations, trade secrets and rights necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted. The Company
and its subsidiaries do not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company or its subsidiaries of trademark, trade name
rights, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations, trade
secret or other similar rights of others, or of any such development of similar or identical trade secrets or technical information
by others and, except as set forth on Schedule 3 of the Investor Package, there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or
brought against, or to the Company s knowledge, being threatened against, the Company or its subsidiaries regarding trademarks,
trade name rights, patents, patent rights, inventions, copyrights, licenses, service names, service marks, service mark registrations,
trade secrets or other infringement. 

(l)        Environmental
Laws . The Company and its subsidiaries (i) are to the Company s knowledge in compliance with any and all applicable
foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment
or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (  Environmental Laws  ), (ii) have received
all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses,
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where such noncompliance or
failure to receive permits, licenses or approvals referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) above would be reasonably likely to
result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(m)        Disclosure  .
 No representation or warranty by the Company in this Subscription Agreement, the other Sale Documents, nor in any certificate,
schedule or exhibit delivered or to be delivered pursuant to this Subscription Agreement or the other Sale Documents contains
or will contain any untrue statement of material fact or omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
contained herein or therein not misleading. To the knowledge of the Company and its subsidiaries at the time of the execution
of this Subscription Agreement, there is no information concerning the Company and its subsidiaries or their respective businesses
which has not heretofore been disclosed to the Subscribers that would have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n)        Title .
The Company and its subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property and good and marketable title
to all personal property owned by them which is material to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries, in each case free
and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 2.1 of the Investor Package or such
as do not materially and adversely affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be
made of such property by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company
or any of its subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material
and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its subsidiaries. 

(o)        Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act . To the Company s knowledge, neither the Company, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or
other person acting on behalf of the Company or any subsidiary has, in the course of acting for, or on behalf of, the Company,
directly or indirectly used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
relating to political activity; directly or indirectly made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee from corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or any similar treaties of the United States; or directly or indirectly made any bribe, rebate,
payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic government or party official or employee. 

(p)        Tax
Status . The Company and each of its subsidiaries has made or filed all United States federal and state income and all other
tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject and all such returns, reports and declarations
are true, correct and accurate in all material respects. The Company has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and
charges, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith,
for which adequate reserves have been established, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

(q)        Compliance
with Laws . The business of the Company and its subsidiaries has been and is presently being conducted so as to comply with
all applicable material federal, state and local governmental laws, rules, regulations and ordinances. 

(r)        Employee
Benefit Plans; ERISA . Schedule 4 of the Investor Package sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all employee benefit
plans, programs, policies and arrangements, whether written or unwritten (the   Company Plans  ), that the Company,
any subsidiary or any other corporation or business which is now or at the relevant time was a member of a controlled group of
companies or trades or businesses including the Company or any subsidiary, within the meaning of section 414 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ), maintain or have maintained on behalf of current or former members,
partners, principals, directors, officers, managers, employees, consultants or other personnel. (i) There has been no prohibited
transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (  ERISA  ),
or Section 4975 of the Code, with respect to any of the Company Plans; (ii) none of the Company Plans is or was subject to Section
412 of the Code or Section 302 or Title IV of ERISA; and (iii) each of the Company Plans has been operated and administered in
all material respects in accordance with all applicable laws, including ERISA. There are no actions, suits or claims pending or
threatened (other than routine claims for benefits), whether by participants, the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of
Labor or otherwise, with respect to any Company Plan and no facts exist under which any such actions, suits or claims are likely
to be brought or under which the Company or any subsidiary could incur any liability with respect to a Company Plan other than
in the ordinary course. None of the Company Plans is or was a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.
Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has announced, proposed or agreed to any change in benefits under any Company Plan or the
establishment of any new Company Plan. There have been no changes in the operation or interpretation of any Company Plan since
the most recent annual report, which would have any material effect on the cost of operating, maintaining or providing benefits
under such Company Plan. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has incurred any liability for the misclassification of employees
as leased employees or independent contractors. Except as provided for in this Subscription Agreement and in the other Sale Documents,
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement, either alone or in combination with another
event, will not (A) result in any individual becoming entitled to any increase in the amount of compensation or benefits or any
additional payment from the Company or any subsidiary (including, without limitation, severance, golden parachute or bonus payments
or otherwise), or (B) accelerate the vesting or timing of payment of any benefits or compensation payable in respect of any individual. 

(s)        Restrictions
on Business Activities . There is no judgment, order, decree, writ or injunction binding upon the Company or any subsidiary
or, to the knowledge of the Company or any subsidiary, threatened that has or could prohibit or impair the conduct of their respective
businesses as currently conducted or any business practice of the Company or any subsidiary, including the acquisition of property,
the provision of services, the hiring of employees or the solicitation of clients, in each case either individually or in the
aggregate. 

4.                 
 Legends . The Subscriber understands and agrees that the Company will cause any necessary legends in addition to representations
to be placed upon the Securities, together with any other legend that may be required by federal or state securities laws or deemed
necessary or desirable by the Company, in the form substantially as follows: 

THE SECURITIES WHICH ARE REPRESENTED
HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, HYPOTHECATED OR
OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF UNTIL A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER SUCH ACT, OR THE COMPANY
RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY THAT AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF SUCH ACT IS AVAILABLE. 

5.                 
 Volume Warrants . The Subscriber and the Company hereby agree to the terms and conditions for volume common stock purchase
warrants (the   Volume Warrants  ), as more fully set forth on Exhibit C hereto. 

6.                 
 General Provisions.  

(a)               
 Confidentiality . The Subscriber covenants and agrees that it will keep confidential and will not disclose or divulge any
confidential or proprietary information that such Subscriber may obtain from the Company pursuant to financial statements, reports,
and other materials submitted by the Company to such Subscriber in connection with this Transaction or as a result of discussions
with or inquiry made to the Company, unless such information is known, or until such information becomes known, to the public
through no action by the Subscriber;  provided ,  however , that a Subscriber may disclose such information to its attorneys,
accountants, consultants, and other professionals to the extent necessary in connection with his or her investment in the Company
so long as any such professional to whom such information is disclosed is made aware of the Subscriber s obligations hereunder
and such professional agrees to be likewise bound as though such professional were a party hereto. 

(b)              
 Successors . The covenants, representations and warranties contained in this Subscription Agreement shall be binding on
the Subscriber s and the Company s heirs and legal representatives and shall inure to the benefit of the respective
successors and assigns of the Company. The rights and obligations of this Subscription Agreement may not be assigned by any party
without the prior written consent of the other party. 

(c)               
 Counterparts . This Subscription Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original agreement,
but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

(d)              
 Execution by Facsimile or Email . Execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement by facsimile transmission or email
(including the delivery of documents in Adobe PDF format or other machine-readable electronic format) shall constitute execution
and delivery of this Subscription Agreement for all purposes, with the same force and effect as execution and delivery of an original
manually signed copy hereof. 

(e)               
 Governing Law and Jurisdiction . This Subscription Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of the State of Florida applicable to contracts to be wholly performed within such state and without regard to conflicts of law
provisions that would result in the application of any laws other than the laws of the State of Florida. Any legal action or proceeding
arising out of or relating to this Subscription Agreement and/or the other Sale Documents may be instituted in the courts of the
State of Georgia sitting in Fulton County or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, and the
parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of each such court in any action or proceeding. Subscriber hereby irrevocably
waives and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in every suit, action or other proceeding arising
out of or based on this Subscription Agreement and/or the other Sale Documents and brought in any such court, any claim that Subscriber
is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, that Subscriber s property is exempt or immune
from attachment or execution, that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the
suit, action or proceeding is improper. 

(f)               
 Indemnification Generally . 

(i)                
The Company, on the one hand, and the Subscriber, on the other hand (each an   Indemnifying Party  ), shall indemnify
the other from and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, charges, actions, proceedings, demands, judgments,
settlement costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys  fees and expenses)
resulting from any breach of a representation and warranty, covenant or agreement by the Indemnifying Party and all claims, charges,
actions or proceedings incident to or arising out of the foregoing. 

(ii)              
 Indemnification Procedures . Each person entitled to indemnification under this Section 5 (an   Indemnified Party  )
shall give notice as promptly as reasonably practicable to each party required to provide indemnification under this Section 5
of any action commenced against or by it in respect of which indemnity may be sought hereunder, but failure to so notify an Indemnifying
Party shall not release such Indemnifying Party from any liability that it may have, otherwise than on account of this indemnity
agreement so long as such failure shall not have materially prejudiced the position of the Indemnifying Party. Upon such notification,
the Indemnifying Party shall assume the defense of such action if it is a claim brought by a third party, and, if and after such
assumption, the Indemnifying Party shall not be entitled to reimbursement of any expenses incurred by it in connection with such
action except as described below. In any such action, any Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but
the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Indemnified Party unless (A) the Indemnifying Party and
the Indemnified Party shall have mutually agreed to the contrary, or (B) the named parties in any such action (including any impleaded
parties) include both the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party and representation of both parties by the same counsel
would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing or conflicting interests between them. The Indemnifying Party shall
not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld
or delayed by such Indemnifying Party), but if settled with such consent or if there be final judgment for the plaintiff, the
Indemnifying Party shall indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any loss, damage or liability by reason of such settlement
or judgment. 

(g)              
 Notices . All notices, requests, demands, claims and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by certified or registered mail (first class postage pre-paid), guaranteed overnight delivery, or facsimile transmission if such
transmission is confirmed by delivery by certified or registered mail (first class postage pre-paid) or guaranteed overnight delivery,
to the following addresses and facsimile numbers (or to such other addresses or facsimile numbers which such party shall subsequently
designate in writing to the other party): 

(i)       if
to the Company: 

 [REDACTED]  

with a copy to: 

 [REDACTED]  

(ii)       If
to Subscriber, to the address set forth next to its name on the signature page hereto. 

(h)              
 Entire Agreement . This Subscription Agreement (including the exhibits attached hereto) and other Sale Documents delivered
at the Closing pursuant hereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties in respect of its subject matter and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings between or among the parties with respect to such subject matter. The exhibits constitute
a part hereof as though set forth in full above. 

(i)                
 Amendment; Waiver . This Subscription Agreement may not be modified, amended, supplemented, canceled or discharged, except
by written instrument executed by both parties. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, any right, power or privilege
under this Subscription Agreement shall operate as a waiver, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege
hereunder preclude the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. No waiver of any breach of any provision shall be deemed
to be a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision, nor shall any waiver be implied from
any course of dealing between the parties. No extension of time for performance of any obligations or other acts hereunder or
under any other agreement shall be deemed to be an extension of the time for performance of any other obligations or any other
acts. The rights and remedies of the parties under this Subscription Agreement are in addition to all other rights and remedies,
at law or equity, that they may have against each other. 

[Signature Page Follows] 

INFORMATION
IN RESPONSE TO THIS SECTION WILL BE KEPT STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL     

THIS
SECTION WILL BE KEPT STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL    

OMNIBUS
SIGNATURE PAGE TO THE SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT   

   TO
PURCHASE SAFETY QUICK LIGHTING   FAN CORP. S COMMON STOCK    

DOLLAR AMOUNT INVESTED:    
      US $  ____________________________    

NUMBER
                                         OF SHARES SUBSCRIBED FOR:   
        ____________________________    

AMOUNT INVESTED TO BE
    SENT VIA:    
      [ ] Check (enclosed)  
      [ ] Wire   

NAME
IN WHICH THE SECURITIES SHOULD BE ISSUED:   

_________________________________________________________________________________________________   

  SUBSCRIBER
ADDRESS INFORMATION:  

  For
individual subscribers this address should be the Subscriber s primary legal residence. For entities other than individual
subscribers, please provide address information for the entities primary place of business.  

Legal Address  
         
      Copy To   

City, State and Zip Code  
         
       Legal Address   

Tax ID (EIN, SSN, OR ITIN)  
         
      City, State and Zip Code   

Telephone Number / Facsimile Number  
         
      Telephone Number / Facsimile Number   

Email Address  
         
      Email Address   

ALTERNATE
ADDRESS INFORMATION:  

  Please
enter an alternate address if you wish to receive correspondence at an address other than the address listed above.  

Alternative Address for Correspondence  
         
      Alternative Address for Correspondence   

City, State and Zip Code  
         
      City, State and Zip Code   

Other (telephone, fax, email)  
         
      Other (telephone, fax, email)   

AGREED AND SUBSCRIBED  
       
       AGREED AND SUBSCRIBED  

Date:  
       
      Date:  

Subscriber:  

By:  
       
      SQL TECHNOLOGIES CORP  

Name: 

Title: 
       
      By:  

John P. Campi   

Chief Executive Officer   

CERTIFICATE OF SIGNATORY  

(To be completed if the Securities are  

  being subscribed for by an entity)  

I,      , am the_______________________________
of       (the   Entity  ). 

I certify that I am empowered
and duly authorized by the Entity to execute and carry out the terms of the Securities Subscription Agreement and to purchase
and hold the Securities, and certify further that the Securities Subscription Agreement has been duly and validly executed on
behalf of the Entity and constitutes a legal and binding obligation of the Entity. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I
have set my hand this ____ day of __________,   2016. 

______________________________________ 

 (Signature) 

Exhibit A 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT  

TO PURCHASE UP TO 30,000 SHARES OF COMMON
STOCK  

  OF SQL TECHNOLOGIES CORP.  

THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this   Agreement  )
is made as of August ___, 2016 (the   Effective Date  ) by and between  SQL TECHNOLOGIES CORP , a Florida
corporation (the   Company  ), and _______   (the   Optionee  ). 

WHEREAS, the Optionee subscribed for (i) up
to 30,000 shares of the Company s common stock, no par value per share (  Common Stock  ), (ii) a 90-day
option to purchase up to the same number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the Subscriber in the closing of the Transaction,
(iii) three-year warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock, and (iv) the right to obtain certain volume warrants (collectively,
the   Securities  ), pursuant to the terms set forth in a Securities Subscription Agreement dated as of the date
hereof (the   Subscription Agreement  , together with the Company s Investor Package dated August 2016
and distributed to Optionee, the   Sale Documents  ). Any capitalized term not defined herein shall have the
meaning of such term as has been set forth in the Sale Documents. 

1.        Grant
of Option . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to the Optionee the
option, whereby the Optionee shall have the right purchase from the Company, during the period set forth in Section 2, up to thirty
thousand (30,000)   shares of Common Stock (  Option Shares  ) at an exercise price of  US $2.60  (two
dollars and sixty cents US) (the   Exercise Price  , and such right to purchase the Option Shares at the Exercise
Price, the   Option  ). 

2.        Term  .
 This Agreement and the Option shall be forfeited and terminate automatically, without further action or notice, on the ninety
(90) day anniversary of the Effective Date (the   Expiration Date  ). The right to purchase the   Option
Shares under the Option shall vest to the Optionee immediately. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Option
shall not vest or be exercisable if the exercise thereof would result in a violation of any applicable federal or state securities
law. 

3.        Exercise
of Option . 

(a)       Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by the Option may be made at any time or times on or before the Expiration Date by delivery
to the Company of a duly executed Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto (or such other office or agency of the Company as it
may designate by notice in writing to the Optionee at the address of such Optionee appearing on the books of the Company) and
surrender of this Agreement, together with payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer
or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank in immediately available funds. The Option may not be exercised for less
than ten thousand (10,000) Option Shares, and may only be exercised in increments of five thousand (5,000) Option Shares, unless
otherwise agreed to by the Company. 

(b)       The
Option shall be deemed to have been exercised on the later of the date the Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company and
the date the Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Option Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Optionee or
any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all purposes,
as of the date the Option has been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price and all taxes required to be paid
by the Optionee, if any, have been paid. 

(c)       The
Company and the Optionee agree that, to the extent applicable, unless and until registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, which registration remains effective, all shares of Common Stock acquired by the Optionee upon exercise of the Option,
may be stamped or otherwise imprinted with legends in substantially the following form: 

THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ), OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF ANY EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH
LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER. 

4.        Adjustments
and Restrictions . 

(a)       Upon
the occurrence of an event affecting the capitalization of the Company, such as a stock split, reclassification, merger or otherwise,
the Company shall preserve the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available hereunder, either by equitably increase
or decrease the number of Option Shares, changing the kind of shares available under the Option, or increasing or decreasing the
Exercise Price of the Option. 

(b)       
The Optionee shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any shares of Common Stock covered by the Option until the
date of the issuance of a certificate or certificates for the shares for which the Option has been exercised. No adjustment shall
be made for dividends or distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate or certificates
are issued. 

(c)       The
Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any Options Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in
violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of such Option Shares or to accord the right to
vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such shares shall have been so transferred. 

(d)       The
Option may not be transferred, assigned, sold, hypothecated or pledged by the Optionee without the prior written consent of the
Company. Subject to applicable securities laws, the Option and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Optionee. 

(e)       Optionee
acknowledges that the Option Shares acquired upon the exercise of the Option, if not registered for resale, will have restrictions
upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

(f)       The
Optionee represents and warrants that the Optionee is acquiring the Option and shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise thereof
for the Optionee's own account as an investment and not with a view toward the sale or distribution thereof. 

5.        Miscellaneous . 

(a)        All
questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be wholly performed within such state and without
regard to conflicts of law provisions that would result in the application of any laws other than the laws of the State of New
York. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be instituted in the courts of the State
of New York sitting in New York County or in the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and the parties
hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of each such court in any action or proceeding. Optionee hereby irrevocably waives
and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in every suit, action or other proceeding arising out
of or based on this Agreement and brought in any such court, any claim that Optionee is not subject personally to the jurisdiction
of the above named courts, that Optionee s property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. 

(b)        This
Agreement may not be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived, without the prior written agreement of the Company
and Optionee. No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Optionee shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Optionee s rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding all rights hereunder
terminate on the Expiration Date. The headings used in this Agreement are for the convenience of reference only and shall not,
for any purpose, be deemed a part of this Agreement. Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted
in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be prohibited by
or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without
invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

(c)       Any
notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Optionee by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement. 

(d)       The
Participant is responsible for any federal, state, local or other taxes with respect to the Option Shares. The Company does not
guarantee any particular tax treatment or results in connection with the grant or vesting of the Option Shares or the delivery
of the Option Shares. 

(e)       This
Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together constitute
one agreement. 

[Signature Page Follows]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Stock Option Agreement to be executed as of the Effective Date. 

Optionee:  
      Company:   

SQL
    TECHNOLOGIES Corp.   
 
       _____________________________________   

By:   _________________________________   
      By:   ___________________________________    
 
      Name:   _______________________________   
      Name: John
    P. Campi   
 
      Title:   ________________________________   
      Title: Chief
    Executive Officer   

NOTICE OF EXERCISE  

To: SQL Technologies Corp. 

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase                      
 Option Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Option, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price
in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Please issue a certificate
or certificates representing said Option Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

(3) The Option Shares shall
be delivered to the following: 

(4) The undersigned is
an  accredited investor  as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(OPTIONEE) 

By: _____________________________________ 

Name: _____________________________________ 

Title: _____________________________________ 

Dated: _____________________________________ 

ASSIGNMENT FORM  

(To assign the foregoing Stock Option Agreement,
execute this form and supply required information.  

  Do not use this form to exercise the Option.)  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Stock Option
Agreement and all rights evidenced thereby, including the Option, are hereby assigned to: 

whose address is: 

Dated:
                         
     ,                  

Optionee s Signature  
         
      _______________________________________   

Optionee s Address:  
         
      _______________________________________   

_______________________________________   

_______________________________________   

Signature Guaranteed:  

NOTE: The signature to this Assignment Form
must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Stock Option Agreement, without alteration or enlargement or any
change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary
or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Stock Option Agreement. 

Exhibit B  

NEITHER THIS WARRANT NOR
THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE  ACT ),
OR QUALIFIED UNDER APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY ONLY BE ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES ONLY AND NOT WITH A VIEW
TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON THE EXERCISE OF THIS
WARRANT, IF ANY, MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
AS TO SUCH SECURITIES UNDER THE ACT AND QUALIFICATION UNDER APPLICABLE STATE LAW WITHOUT AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO
THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION ARE NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR RECEIPT OF A NO-ACTION LETTER FROM THE
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION.  

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT  

To Purchase _____ Shares of Common Stock of 

SQL TECHNOLOGIES CORP.  

June ___, 2016 (the   Issuance Date  ) 

THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the   Warrant  )
CERTIFIES that, for value received, ______   (the   Holder  ), is entitled, upon the terms and subject to
the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the date of this Warrant and on
or prior to the third anniversary of the date of this Warrant (the   Termination Date  ) but not thereafter,
to subscribe for and purchase from SQL Technologies Corp., a Florida corporation (the   Company  ), up to _____
shares (the   Warrant Shares  ) of the Common Stock, no par value per share, of the Company (the   Common
Stock  ).  The purchase price of one share of Common Stock (the   Exercise Price  ) under this Warrant
shall be (i) US $3.00 (three dollars US) if   exercised prior to the one year anniversary of the Issuance Date, (ii) $3.25
(three dollars and twenty-five cents US) if exercised on or after the one year anniversary and before the two year anniversary
of the Issuance Date, or (iii) $3.50 (three dollars and fifty cents US) if exercised on or after the two year anniversary and
through the Termination Date.  

The Exercise Price and
the number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrant is exercisable shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein. Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities Subscription Agreement
(the   Subscription Agreement  ), dated as of _______, 2016, among the Company and the Purchaser parties signatory
thereto. 

1.         Title
to Warrant . Prior to the Termination Date and subject to compliance with applicable laws, including transfer restrictions
imposed by applicable securities laws, and Section 7 of this Warrant, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable,
in whole or in part, at the office or agency of the Company by the Holder in person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender
of this Warrant together with the Assignment Form annexed hereto properly endorsed. The transferee shall sign an investment letter
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company. 

2         Authorization
of Shares . The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares, which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented
by this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant, including the payment of the exercise price for such Warrant Shares,
will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable
and free from all taxes, liens and charges in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring
contemporaneously with such issue). 

3.         Exercise
of Warrant . 

(a)        Exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made at any time or times on or before the Termination Date by delivery
to the Company of a duly executed Notice of Exercise Form annexed hereto (or such other office or agency of the Company as it
may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Company)
and surrender of this Warrant, together with payment of the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire transfer
or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank in immediately available funds. Certificates for shares purchased hereunder
shall be delivered to the Holder within 5 Trading Days from the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise Form, surrender
of this Warrant and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as set forth above (  Warrant Share Delivery Date  ).
This Warrant shall be deemed to have been exercised on the later of the date the Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company
and the date the Exercise Price is received by the Company. The Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder
or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all
purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised by payment to the Company of the Exercise Price and all taxes required
to be paid by the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 5 prior to the issuance of such shares, have been paid. If the Company fails
to deliver to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the Warrant Shares pursuant to this Section 3(a) by the end
of business (New York, New York time) on the fifth Trading Day following the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will
have the right to rescind such exercise. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available
to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief
with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver certificates representing shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(b)        If
this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the time of delivery of the certificate or certificates
representing Warrant Shares, deliver to Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant
Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

(c)        If
at any time after one year from the date of issuance of this Warrant, there is no effective Registration Statement registering
the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder at such time, this Warrant may also be exercised at such time by means of a  cashless
exercise  in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a certificate for the number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient
obtained by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A) = the VWAP
on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of such election; 

(B) = the Exercise
Price of this Warrant, as adjusted; and 

(X) = the number
of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant by means of a cash exercise
rather than a cashless exercise. 

VWAP   shall mean, for
any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg Financial L.P. (based on a trading
day from 9:30 a.m. Eastern Time to 4:02 p.m. Eastern Time); (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted on a Trading
Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the  Pink Sheets  published by the National Quotation
Bureau Incorporated (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid
price per share of the Common Stock so reported; or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Purchasers and reasonably acceptable to the Company. 

4.         No
Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price. 

5.         Charges,
Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of certificates for Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or
transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such certificate, all of which taxes and expenses shall
be paid by the Company, and such certificates shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed
by the Holder; provided, however, that in the event certificates for Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the
name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly
executed by the Holder; and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for
any transfer tax incidental thereto. 

6.         Closing
of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise of
this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

7.         Transfer,
Division and Combination . 

(a)        Subject
to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Sections 1 and 7(e) hereof, and to the provisions
of Section 4 of the Subscription Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, upon
surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially
in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes
payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver
a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees and in the denomination or denominations specified in such
instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned,
and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. A Warrant, if properly assigned, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

(b)        This
Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the Company, together
with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the Holder or its
agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 7(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or combination,
the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or combined
in accordance with such notice. 

(c)        The
Company shall prepare, issue and deliver at its own expense (other than transfer taxes) the new Warrant or Warrants under this
Section 7. 

(d)        The
Company agrees to maintain, at its aforesaid office, books for the registration and the registration of transfer of the Warrants. 

(e)  The
Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer (i) that the Holder or transferee of this Warrant, as the case may
be, furnish to the Company a written opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions
of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that such transfer may be made without registration under the Securities
Act and under applicable state securities or blue sky laws, (ii) that the holder or transferee execute and deliver to the Company
an investment letter in form and substance acceptable to the Company and (iii) that the transferee be an  accredited investor 
as defined in Rule 501(a) promulgated under the Securities Act or a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A(a) under
the Securities Act. 

8.         No
Rights as Shareholder until Exercise . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights or other rights as a shareholder
of the Company prior to the exercise hereof. Upon the surrender of this Warrant and the payment of the aggregate Exercise Price
(or by means of a cashless exercise), the Warrant Shares so purchased shall be and be deemed to be issued to such Holder as the
record owner of such shares as of the close of business on the later of the date of such surrender or payment. 

9.         Loss,
Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant
Shares, and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case
of the Warrant, shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate,
if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation,
in lieu of such Warrant or stock certificate. 

10.         Saturdays,
Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall be a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised
on the next succeeding day not a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday. 

11.         Adjustments
of Exercise Price and Number of Warrant Shares . The number and kind of securities purchasable upon the exercise of this Warrant
and the Exercise Price shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in the event that the Company: (i) pays a dividend in
shares of Common Stock or make a distribution in shares of Common Stock to holders of its outstanding Common Stock; (ii) subdivides
its outstanding shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares; (iii) combines its outstanding shares of Common Stock
into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock; or (iv) issues any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Common
Stock, then the number of Warrant Shares purchasable upon exercise of this Warrant immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted
so that the Holder shall be entitled to receive the kind and number of Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company which
it would have owned or have been entitled to receive had such Warrant been exercised in advance thereof. Upon each such adjustment
of the kind and number of Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company which are purchasable hereunder, the Holder shall
thereafter be entitled to purchase the number of Warrant Shares or other securities resulting from such adjustment at an Exercise
Price per Warrant Share or other security obtained by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment
by the number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant hereto immediately prior to such adjustment and dividing by the number of
Warrant Shares or other securities of the Company that are purchasable pursuant hereto immediately after such adjustment. An adjustment
made pursuant to this paragraph shall become effective immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to the record
date, if any, for such event. 

12.         Subsequent
Equity Sales . In the event that on or subsequent to the Issuance Date, the Company issues or sells any Common Stock, any securities
which are convertible into or exchangeable for its Common Stock or any convertible securities, or any warrants or other rights
to subscribe for or to purchase or any options for the purchase of its Common Stock or any such convertible securities (the   Common
Stock Equivalents  ) (other than (i) securities which are issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement or this Warrant,
(ii) shares of Common Stock or options to purchase such shares issued to employees, consultants, officers or directors in accordance
with stock plans approved by the Board of Directors, and shares of Common Stock issuable under options or warrants that are outstanding
as of the date hereof or issued pursuant to any stock incentive plan authorized by the Board of Directors, and (iii) shares of
Common Stock issued pursuant to a stock dividend, split or other similar transaction) at an effective price per share which is
less than the Exercise Price, then the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such issue or sale shall be reduced to the
lowest per share price of Common Stock in such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale. 

13.         Reorganization,
Reclassification, Merger, Consolidation or Disposition of Assets . In case the Company shall reorganize its capital, reclassify
its capital stock, consolidate or merge with or into another corporation (where the Company is not the surviving corporation or
where there is a change in or distribution with respect to the Common Stock of the Company), or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose
of its property, assets or business to another corporation and, pursuant to the terms of such reorganization, reclassification,
merger, consolidation or disposition of assets, shares of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation, or any cash,
shares of stock or other securities or property of any nature whatsoever (including warrants or other subscription or purchase
rights) in addition to or in lieu of common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation (  Other Property  ),
are to be received by or distributed to the holders of Common Stock of the Company, then, from and after the consummation of such
transaction or event, the Holder shall have the right thereafter to receive, instead of the Warrant Shares, at the option of the
Holder, (a) upon exercise of this Warrant, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and Other Property receivable upon or as a result of such reorganization, reclassification,
merger, consolidation or disposition of assets by a Holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
immediately prior to such event or (b) cash equal to the value of this Warrant as determined in accordance with the Black-Scholes
option pricing formula. For purposes of this Section 13,  common stock of the successor or acquiring corporation 
shall include stock of such corporation of any class which is not preferred as to dividends or assets over any other class of
stock of such corporation and which is not subject to redemption and shall also include any evidences of indebtedness, shares
of stock or other securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for any such stock, either immediately or upon the arrival
of a specified date or the happening of a specified event and any warrants or other rights to subscribe for or purchase any such
stock. The foregoing provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive reorganizations, reclassifications, mergers,
consolidations or disposition of assets. 

14.         Notice
of Adjustment . Whenever the number of Warrant Shares or number or kind of securities or other property purchasable upon the
exercise of this Warrant or the Exercise Price is adjusted, as herein provided, the Company shall give notice thereof to the Holder,
which notice shall state the number of Warrant Shares (and other securities or property) purchasable upon the exercise of this
Warrant and the Exercise Price of such Warrant Shares (and other securities or property) after such adjustment, setting forth
a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment and setting forth the computation by which such adjustment was made. 

15.         Notice
of Corporate Action . If at any time: 

(a)        the
Company shall take a record of the holders of its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to receive a dividend or other
distribution, or 

(b)        there
shall be any capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company
or any consolidation or merger of the Company with, or any sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all the
property, assets or business of the Company to, another corporation or, 

(c)        there
shall be a voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; 

then, in any one or more of such cases, the
Company shall give to Holder (i) prior written notice of the date on which a record date shall be selected for such dividend or
distribution or for determining rights to vote in respect of any such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation,
sale, transfer, disposition, liquidation or winding up, and (ii) in the case of any such reorganization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation, sale, transfer, disposition, dissolution, liquidation or winding up, prior written notice of the date when the
same shall take place. Such notice in accordance with the foregoing clause also shall specify (i) the date on which the holders
of Common Stock shall be entitled to any such dividend or distribution, and the amount and character thereof, and (ii) the date
on which any such reorganization, reclassification, merger, consolidation, sale, transfer, disposition, dissolution, liquidation
or winding up is to take place and the time, if any such time is to be fixed, as of which the holders of Common Stock shall be
entitled to exchange their Warrant Shares for securities or other property deliverable upon such disposition, dissolution, liquidation
or winding up. Each such written notice shall be sufficiently given if addressed to Holder at the last address of Holder appearing
on the books of the Company and delivered in accordance with Section 16(d). 

16.         Authorized
Shares . The Company covenants that during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to
its officers who are charged with the duty of executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary certificates for
the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action
as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law
or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. 

Except and to the extent
as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending its articles
of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale of securities
or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant, but will
at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the Company will (a) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon
such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (b) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in
order that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant,
and (c) use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory
body having jurisdiction thereof as may be necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before taking any action
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price,
the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public
regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

17.         Miscellaneous . 

(a)         Jurisdiction .
All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts to be wholly performed within such state and without
regard to conflicts of law provisions that would result in the application of any laws other than the laws of the State of New
York. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Warrant may be instituted in the courts of the State of
New York sitting in New York County or in the United States of America for the Southern District of New York, and the parties
hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of each such court in any action or proceeding. Holder hereby irrevocably waives
and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, in every suit, action or other proceeding arising out
of or based on this Warrant and brought in any such court, any claim that Holder is not subject personally to the jurisdiction
of the above named courts, that Holder s property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the suit, action
or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper. 

(b)         Restrictions .
The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered for resale, will
have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

(c)         Nonwaiver
and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall operate
as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice Holder s rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding all rights hereunder
terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant,
which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover
any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys  fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder. 

(d)         Notices .
Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall be delivered
in accordance with the notice provisions of the Subscription Agreement. 

(e)         Limitation
of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by Holder to exercise this Warrant or purchase
Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of Holder, shall give rise to any liability of Holder for
the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or
by creditors of the Company. 

(f)         Successors
and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure
to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The provisions
of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of all Holders from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by
any such Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

(g)         Amendment .
This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and the Holder. 

(h)         Severability .
Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable
law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining provisions
of this Warrant. 

(i)         Headings .
The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
this Warrant. 

[Signature Page Follows]  

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed as of the
Issuance Date by its officer thereunto duly authorized. 

SQL
    TECHNOLOGIES CORP.    

By:  

John
    P. Campi   

President
      CEO   

NOTICE OF EXERCISE  

To: SQL Technologies Corp. 

(1) The undersigned hereby
elects to purchase                      
 Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant, and tenders herewith payment of the exercise
price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2) Payment shall take
the form of (check applicable box): 

[ ] in lawful money of the United States; or 

[ ] the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance
with the formula set forth in subsection 3(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable
pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure set forth in subsection 3(c). 

(3) Please issue a certificate
or certificates representing said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

(4) The Warrant Shares
shall be delivered to the following: 

(5) The undersigned is
an  accredited investor  as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(PURCHASER) 

By: _____________________________________ 

Name: _____________________________________ 

Title: _____________________________________ 

Dated: _____________________________________ 

ASSIGNMENT FORM  

(To assign the foregoing warrant, execute
this form and supply required information.  

  Do not use this form to exercise the warrant.)  

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant
and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to: 

whose address is: 

. 

Dated:
                         
     ,                  

Holder s Signature  
         
      _______________________________________   

Holder s Address:  
         
      _______________________________________   

_______________________________________   

_______________________________________   

Signature Guaranteed:  

NOTE: The signature
to this Assignment Form must correspond with the name as it appears on the face of the Warrant, without alteration or enlargement
or any change whatsoever, and must be guaranteed by a bank or trust company. Officers of corporations and those acting in a fiduciary
or other representative capacity should file proper evidence of authority to assign the foregoing Warrant.  

Exhibit
C  

Volume Warrants  

_______
(  Recipient  ) shall be entitled to receive Common Stock Purchase Warrants to purchase up to an additional 120,000
shares of the common stock, no par value per share (  Common Stock  ), of the Company (each a   Volume
Warrant   and collectively, the   Volume Warrants  ). Each Volume Warrant shall become issuable as provided
below, and any issued Volume Warrant will be exercisable commencing on the date it is issued and ending on the date that is prior
to the later of (i) five (5) years from the date of issuance or (ii) thirty (30) days from the date Recipient is notified of the
EBITDA (as defined herein) for the year ending December 31, 2020 (the   Volume Warrant Term  ).  

Subject
to adjustment as described below, the exercise price of one share of Common Stock (the   Exercise Price  ) will
be $3.00 per share.  

A portion
of the Volume Warrants to purchase up to ______ shares of Common Stock will, from time to time, become issuable by Recipient upon
(i) the Company achieving specific EBITDA Valuation (as defined below) thresholds in any fiscal year (January 1 through December
31) prior to December 31, 2020, (ii) each applicable Financing Transaction (as defined herein) or (iii) each Sales Transaction
(as defined herein) prior to December 31, 2020.  

The form
of the Volume Warrants will be substantially in the form attached hereto as  Exhibit B  (the   Form of Warrant  ),
with such number of shares issuable pursuant to a Volume Warrant and such Exercise Price thereto subject to adjustment under the
same terms as set forth in Sections 11 through 14 of the Form of Warrant, and with such rights of the Holder thereof to notice
of a corporate action and right to the exchange of securities under the terms set forth in Section 15 of the Form of Warrant,
and in the case of Section 11, based on the Company s capitalization as of the Closing Date (as defined in the Securities
Subscription Agreement).  

1.       Company
                                         Valuation      

Volume
Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock will become issuable in accordance with the following schedule:  

Volume
Warrants will become issuable only once upon the achievement of each threshold during the Volume Warrant Term.    

Within
one hundred and twenty (120) days of the end of each fiscal (calendar) year, the Company shall cause its accountants to calculate
the Company s EBITDA for the immediately preceding calendar year and deliver its calculation of this EBITDA to the Company
and to Recipient. Recipient s Volume Warrants that become issuable pursuant to this Section 1 will be deemed issuable as
of the date Recipient is notified of the EBITDA Valuation.  

For
Example:   

If the
Company s EBITDA for 2017 is $47,000,000, which equates to an EBITDA Valuation of $611,000,000, then Recipient s Volume
Warrants to purchase up to 55,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock will become issuable (35,000 + 20,000).  

If the
Company s EBITDA for 2018 is equal to its EBITDA for 2017 of $47,000,000 then Recipient s other Volume Warrants to
purchase shares of Common Stock will not become issuable based upon the Company s EBITDA for 2018 since a new threshold
is not accomplished.  

If,
however, the Company s EBITDA for 2017 is $47,000,000 (which equates to $611,000,000 EBITDA Valuation) and the Company s
EBITDA for 2018 is $70,000,000 (which equates to $910,000,000 EBITDA Valuation), Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase
up to 80,000 shares of Common Stock would immediately become issuable.  

2.       Financing
                                         Event  .    

At
each and every Transaction (as defined herein) in which the Company completes a Financing (as defined herein) of at least $15,000,000
(in one or more closings within a twelve (12) month period), Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
will become issuable in accordance with the following schedule:  

Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase shares of
Common Stock will become issuable at each threshold in the above schedule only once.  

For
Example:   

  If
the Company has a $15,000,000 Financing (in one or more closings within a 12 month time period) with a Pre-Money Valuation of
$600,000,000, then Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase up to 55,000 shares of Common Stock will become issuable (35,000
+ 20,000).  

If
the Company has a second Financing of at least $15,000,000 (in one or more closings within a 12 month time period) with a Pre-Money
Valuation of $900,000,000, Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase up to 25,000 shares of Common Stock will become issuable
bringing the total number of shares of Common Stock Recipient may purchase from the Volume Warrants that become issuable under
this Section 2 to 80,000 shares (35,000 + 20,000 + 25,000).  

If
the Company has a third Financing of at least $15,000,000 (in one or more closings within a 12 month time period) with a Pre-Money
Valuation of $1,100,000,000, Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase up to 40,000 shares of Common Stock will become issuable,
bringing the total number of shares of Common Stock Recipient may purchase from the Volume Warrants that become issuable under
this Section 2 to 120,000 shares (35,000 + 20,000 + 25,000+ 40,000).  

3.      Sales
                                         Transaction.     

Upon
the consummation of a Sale Transaction prior to December 31, 2020, Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase Common Stock
will become issuable in accordance with Section 2 (above); provided, however, upon any Sale Transaction with a Transaction Value
(as defined herein) of less than $350,000,000, Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase up to 20,000 shares of Common Stock
will become issuable.  

For
Example:   

If the
Company has a Sale Transaction with a Transaction Value of $600,000,000, then Recipient s Volume Warrants to purchase up
to 55,000 shares of Common Stock will become issuable (35,000 + 20,000).  

4.      Definitions.    

Contingent
Payments   means the consideration received or receivable by the Company, its employees, current equity holders and/or any
other parties in the form of deferred performance or retention-based payments,  earn-outs , or other contingent payments
based upon the occurrence of future events.  

EBITDA
  means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.  

EBITDA
Valuation   means EBITDA multiplied by thirteen (13).  

Financing
  means a private placement of equity, equity-linked or debt securities (including, without limitation, any convertible
securities, preferred stock, common stock, unsecured, non-senior or subordinated debt securities, senior notes, loans, bank debt,
and/or any debt with warrants) (any or all of which being  Securities ) to provide financing involving less than 50%
of the business, assets or equity interests of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any right or option
to acquire any of the foregoing, or any entity formed by or at the direction of the Company, in one or more transactions.  

Pre-Money
Valuation   means pre-investment value of the enterprise that is implied by the per-share price of the stock being offered
and the number of fully-diluted shares outstanding before the investment. Fully-diluted shares shall include any outstanding shares
and contingent equity such as stock options, warrants, and convertible notes in the calculation. For purposes of illustration,
if the Company s shares are valued at $100.00 and it has 5 million shares fully-diluted outstanding prior to any new investment,
then the Company has a pre-money valuation of $500 million. Any non-cash consideration provided to or received in connection with
a Financing Event (including but not limited to intellectual or intangible property, securities, labor or services rendered, debt
((or cancellation thereof)) or tangible property) shall be valued for purposes of calculating the Pre-Money Valuation as equaling
the number of securities issued in exchange for such consideration multiplied by (in the case of debt securities) the face value
of each such security or (in the case of equity securities) the price per security paid in the then current round of financing.  

Sale
Transaction   means a merger, consolidation, joint venture, partnership, spin-off, split-off, business combination, tender
or exchange offer, recapitalization, acquisition, sale, distribution, transfer or other disposition of assets or equity interests,
or other transaction, involving more than 50% of the business, assets or equity interests of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries
or affiliates, or any right or option to acquire any of the foregoing, in one or more transactions.  

Total
Consideration   means the total proceeds and other consideration paid or received, or to be paid or received, directly or
indirectly, in connection with or in anticipation of a Sale Transaction (which consideration shall be deemed to include amounts
in escrow), including, without limitation, cash, notes, securities, and other property received or to be received by the Company
or any of its affiliates, creditors or security holders (including, without limitation, the holders of convertible securities,
options, warrants, stock appreciation rights or similar rights, whether or not vested); deferred non-contingent payments (such
as installment payments); amounts payable under above-market consulting agreements, above-market employment contracts, non-compete
or severance agreements, employee benefit plans, reimbursement for taxes or similar arrangements; Contingent Payments (as defined
below); and, in the case of a partnership, joint venture or similar structure, the gross value of all cash, securities, assets
and other consideration contributed, invested, committed, or otherwise made available by the Company or any other parties to such
partnership, joint venture or similar structure.  

For
the purpose of calculating the consideration received or receivable in connection with or in anticipation of a Sale Transaction,
any securities (other than a promissory note) will be valued at the time of the closing of the Sale Transaction (without regard
to any restrictions on transferability) as follows: (i) if such securities are traded on a stock exchange, the securities will
be valued at the average last sale or closing price for the ten trading days immediately prior to the closing of the Sale Transaction;
(ii) if such securities are traded primarily in over-the-counter transactions, the securities will be valued at weighted average
of the mean of the closing bid and asked quotations over a ten trading day period immediately prior to the closing of the Sale
Transaction with the weighting based on the number of shares actually traded each day over such ten trading day period; and (iii)
if such securities have not been traded in the public market prior to the closing of the Sale Transaction, the securities will
be valued at the fair market value thereof as of the day prior to the closing of the Sale Transaction, as such fair market value
shall be mutually agreed by Recipient and the Company acting in good faith. The value of any purchase money or other promissory
notes, installment sales contracts or other deferred non-contingent consideration shall be deemed to be the face amount thereof,
and shall be included as part of the Total Consideration for the purpose of determining the number of Volume Warrants issued to
Recipient. In the event the Transaction Value includes any Contingent Payments, the Company and Recipient will negotiate in good
faith to agree on the value of such Contingent Payments for the purpose of calculating that the Transaction Value and the number
of Volume Warrants issued to Recipient. If the parties cannot reach such an agreement, an additional number of Volume Warrants
will be issued to Recipient, if applicable based on the Transaction Value, in the same proportions and at the same times as the
Contingent Payments are paid or received. Any other non-cash consideration shall be valued at the fair market value thereof as
of the day prior to the closing of the Sale Transaction, as such fair market value shall be mutually agreed by Recipient and the
Company acting in good faith.  

Transaction
Value  means the total value of the Sale Transaction calculated as if 100% of the equity interests of the Company on a fully
diluted basis had been sold by dividing the Total Consideration by the percentage of ownership which is sold. The Transaction
Value shall include the aggregate principal amount of any debt, pension liabilities, guarantees and any other liabilities or obligations
of the Company or any of its affiliates or security holders (i) retired, refinanced, restructured, redeemed, decreased, repaid
or extinguished in connection with or anticipation of a Sale Transaction or (ii) assumed in an acquisition of assets or which
remain outstanding at the time of closing in all other cases. If any cash or other assets of the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries
or affiliates are sold or otherwise transferred to another party after the date hereof (including, without limitation, any dividends,
distributions or other amounts paid to option or other security holders, amounts paid to repurchase any securities, or transaction-related
bonus payments made to employees), or are retained after the consummation of the Sale Transaction, the Transaction Value will
be increased to reflect the fair market value of any such assets. Any part of the Total Consideration held pursuant to an escrow
account established before or in connection with the consummation of a Sale Transaction shall be deemed paid or received and not
contingent. For purposes of this provision, the Transaction Value shall exclude cash or cash equivalents remaining on the Company s
financial statements at closing of a Transaction.  

</EX-10.11>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 sfql10q111116ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER  

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, John P. Campi, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form
10-Q of SQL Technologies Corp., for the period ended September 30, 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ John P. Campi    

 John P. Campi 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 Principle Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 sfql10q111116ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, I, John P. Campi certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form
10-Q of SQL Technologies Corp., for the period ended September 30, 2016; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonable likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2016 

/s/ John P. Campi    

 John P. Campi 

 Principal Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 sfql10q111116ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report
of SQL Technologies Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John P. Campi, Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)       the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ John P. Campi    

 John P. Campi 

 Chief Executive Officer 

 and Principal Executive Officer 

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 sfql10q111116ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In connection with the quarterly report
of SQL Technologies Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, John P. Campi, principal financial officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1)       the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)       the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ John P. Campi    

 John P. Campi 

 Principal Financial Officer 

November 14, 2016 

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 safe-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 safe-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 safe-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 safe-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 safe-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 safe-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

