<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1528749_0001528749-16-000095_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2690528</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75367</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>142737</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>855187</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>995765</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>544522</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>22</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001528749-16-000095.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104083043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001528749-16-000095
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			San Lotus Holding Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001528749
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TRANSPORTATION SERVICES [4700]
		IRS NUMBER:				452960145
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-176694
		FILM NUMBER:		161973711

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9368 VALLEY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			ROSEMEAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91770
		BUSINESS PHONE:		626-800-6861

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9368 VALLEY BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 202
		CITY:			ROSEMEAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91770

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	San Lotus Holdings Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001528749-16-000095.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 slh10qq3110116jane.htm
 10-Q

q3111115.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from ______to______.  

Commission File Number: 021-165129  

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC.   

  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and  

  (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.  Yes   x    No   o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on
its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (229.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes   x     No   o  

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company.  See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
 accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
  Accelerated filer   o  

Accelerated
  filer   x  

Non-accelerated
  filer   o  

Smaller
  reporting company   o  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes  o     No  x  

As
of September 30, 2016,   42,003,333   shares
of the Registrant's common stock, $1 par value, were outstanding.   

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016  

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Page No.  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.  

Financial Statements.  

1  

Condensed
  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December
  31, 2015 (Audited)  

1  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the nine months
  ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

2  

Condensed
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30,
  2016 and 2015 (Unaudited)  

3  

Notes
  to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements.  

4 - 8  

Item
  2.  

Management's
  Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

9  

Item
  3  

Quantitative
  and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

18  

Item
  4  

Controls
  and Procedures.  

19  

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
  1.  

Legal
  Proceedings.  

20  

Item
  1A.  

Risk
  Factors.  

20  

Item
  2.  

Unregistered
  Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.  

20  

Item
  3.  

Defaults
  Upon Senior Securities.  

20  

Item
  4.  

Mine
  Safety Disclosures.  

20  

Item
  5.  

Other
  Information.  

20  

Item
  6.  

Exhibits.  

20  

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS   

This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q (this  Report ) contains  forward-looking
statements.  Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not
historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions,
forward-looking statements may include words such as  anticipate, 
 believe,   estimate,   intend, 
 could,   should,   would,   may, 
 seek,   plan,   might,   will, 
 expect,   predict,   project, 
 forecast,   potential,   continue,  negatives
thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date they are made, are based on various underlying assumptions and current
expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our
actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially
different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. We cannot predict all of the risks and
uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as
representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any
responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking
statements. Except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or
assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise.  Readers are
urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout
the entirety of this Report.  

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC.
  AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
  BALANCE SHEETS   

(UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.  

1       

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
  COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   
     FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

(UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  

2  

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW   
     FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

(UNAUDITED)   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements.  

3       

SAN         LOTUS         HOLDING         INC.   

  NOTES     TO
CONSOLIDATED     FINANCIAL     STATEMENTS  

NOTE         1     NATURE         OF         OPERATIONS         AND         SUMMARY         OF         ACCOUNTING         POLICIES   

Nature             of             Operations    

  San     Lotus     Holding     Inc.(the      Company      or      San     Lotus ),     was     incorporated     on     June     21,     2011     in     the State of     Nevada and changed our state of incorporation from the
State of Nevada to the State of California (the  Conversion ) on July
21, 2015.  

The Company is in the initial stages of opening a travel
agency in Taiwan through its wholly owned subsidiary, Green Forest Management
Consulting Inc., a Taiwan company. The Company has not conducted business
operations nor had revenues from operations since its inception. The Company s
business plan is to desig and market global travel packages and affinity travel
excursions through out the world, and develop a global travel and leisure
agency business.  

  The Company, through its recent acquisition, is engaged
in the provision of travel services, including hotel reservation services,
airline ticketing, and travel package in the United States.   

  The Company s year-end is December 31.  

Basis of presentation    

  The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the
Company have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  

Consolidation Policy    

  The consolidated financial statements of the Company
include the accounts of San Lotus Holding, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  

Going             Concern    

  The accompanying consolidated financial statements were
prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes the realization of assets and
discharge of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of ($1,202,200) as of September 30, 2016.  

  The Company faces all the risks common to companies at
the development stage, including capitalization and uncertainty of funding
sources, high initial expenditure levels, uncertain revenue streams and
difficulties in managing growth. The Company's losses raise substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. The Company's consolidated
financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty.  

  The Company is currently addressing its liquidity issue
by continually seeking investment capital through private placements of common
stock and debt. The Company believes its current and future plans enable it to
continue as a going concern. The Company's ability to achieve these objectives
cannot be determined at this time. These consolidated financial statements do
not give effect to any adjustments which would be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be required to realize
its assets and discharge its liabilities other than the normal course of
business and at amounts which may differ from those in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.  

Use             of             Estimates    

  The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with U.S. GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Revenue recognition    

  The Company s revenues are principally derived from
providing hotel reservation, air ticketing, other travel and non-travel
services. The Company recognizes revenues when all of the following have
occurred: persuasive evidence of arrangement with the customer, services have
been performed, fees are fixed or determinable and collectability of the fees
is reasonably assured, as prescribed by ASC 605-10,    Revenue
Recognition, Overall   . These criteria as related to revenues are considered
to have been met as follows:  

   Packaged-tour:    The Company receives referral fees from travel product providers for
packaged -tour products and services through its service platform and branch
offices. Referral fees are recognized as commissions on a net basis after the
packaged-tour service are rendered and collections are reasonably assured .  

  In case s where these entities undertake the majority of
the business risks and acts as principal related to the travel tour services
provided, revenues are recognized at gross amounts received from customers
after the services are rendered. Loss due to obligations from cancelled travel
services of such principal arrangement is minimal in the past.  

   Air ticketing services:    Commissions from air ticketing services rendered are
recognized upon the issuance of air tickets, net of estimated cancellations.
Customers purchase the air tickets, and the Company remits the net amount less
base commission to the airlines. Estimated cancellations were insignificant for
the years ended June 30, 2016. The Company presents revenues from such
transactions on a net basis in the consolidated statements of comprehensive
income (loss), as the Company acts as an agent, does not assume any inventory
risk, and has no obligations for cancelled airline ticket reservations. The
Company sometimes also receives additional discretionary commissions from
certain airlines when performance targets are met. Such discretionary
commissions are recognized on a cash basis because the Company cannot
reasonably estimate the amount, or timing of receipt, of such commissions in
advance.  

   Other travel services:    Other travel services are mainly commissions from
insurance companies for the sale of travel insurance. Customers purchase the
travel insurance, and the Company remits the net amount less commission to the
insurance companies. The Company recognizes revenue when the travel insurance
is issued to the customer, net of estimated cancellations.  

Cash             and             Cash             Equivalents    

  Cash     and     cash     equivalents     include     cash     and     all     highly     liquid     instruments     with     original     maturities     of     three     months     or     less.  

Property       and       Equipment    

  Property and equipment are stated at cost. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with estimated lives as
follows:  

Estimated useful life  

Property plant
  equipment  

Estimated
  Useful Life  

Building  

40 years  

Vehicles  

5 years  

Equipments  

3~5 years  

Depreciation  

In June 2016, The Company has sold vehicles, details of
which are listed below.   

Net Income (Loss)             Per             Share    

  The     Company     has     adopted     Accounting     Standards     Codification     subtopic     260-10,     Earnings     Per     Share     (   ASC     260-10   ),     which     specifies     the     computation,     presentation     and     disclosure     requirements     of     earnings     per     share     information.     Basic     earnings     per     share     have     been     calculated     based     upon     the     weighted     average     number     of     common     shares     outstanding.     Common     equivalent     shares     are     excluded     from     the     computation     of     the     diluted     loss     per     share     if     their     effect     would     be     anti-dilutive.     For     the     year     ended     September   30, 2016  ,     the     Company     did     not     have     any     common     equivalent     shares.       

Impairment             of             Long-Lived             Assets    

  The     Company     has     adopted     Accounting     Standards     Codification     subtopic     360-10,     Property,     Plant     and     Equipment     ( ASC     360-10 ).     ASC     360-10     requires     that     long-lived     assets     and     certain     identifiable     intangibles     held     and     used     by     the     Company     be     reviewed     for     impairment     whenever     events     or     changes     in     circumstances     indicate     that     the     carrying     amount     of     an     asset     may     not     be     recoverable.     The     Company     evaluates     its     long     lived     assets     for     impairment     annually     or     more     often     if  
  events     and     circumstances     warrant.     Events     relating     to     recoverability     may     include     significant     unfavorable     changes     in     business     conditions,     recurring     losses,     or     a  
  forecasted     inability     to     achieve     break-even     operating     results     over     an     extended     period.     The     Company     evaluates     the     recoverability     of     long-lived     assets     based     upon   forecasted     undiscounted     cash     flows.     Should     impairment     in     value     be     indicated,     the     carrying     value     of     intangible     assets     will     be     adjusted,     based     on     estimates     of  
  future     discounted     cash     flows     resulting     from     the     use     and     ultimate     disposition     of     the     asset.   ASC     360-10     also     requires     assets     to     be     disposed     of     be     reported     at     the     lower     of     the     carrying     amount     or     the     fair     value     less     costs     to     sell.     Management     has     determined     that     no     impairments     of     long-lived     assets     currently     exist.  

Goodwill
and intangible assets    

  Goodwill
represents the excess of costs over fair value of the net assets of businesses
acquired. The Company follows ASC subtopic 350-20,    Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other: Goodwill   . Goodwill and intangible assets acquired in a business
combination and determined to have an indefinite useful life are not amortized,
but instead tested for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if
certain circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. The Company
performs its annual impairment assessment for goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets in December of each year.  

  The
Company adopted ASU 2012-02,    Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
for Impairment   , which amends the guidance in ASC subtopic 350-30 on testing
indefinite-lived intangible assets, other than goodwill, for impairment. ASU
2012-02 provides an entity testing an indefinite-lived intangible asset for
impairment the option of performing a qualitative assessment before calculating
the fair value of the asset. Although ASU 2012-02 revises the examples of
events and circumstances that an entity should consider in interim periods, it
does not revise the requirements to test indefinite-lived intangible assets (1)
annually for impairment and (2) between annual tests if there is a change in
events or circumstances. If the Company determines, on the basis of qualitative
factors, that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is more
likely than not less than the carrying amount, further testing is required.
Under the further testing, the impairment test on indefinite-lived intangible
assets that are not subject to amortization consists of a comparison of the
fair value of each intangible asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying
amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is
recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Assets with definite lives are
carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Intangible assets with definite
lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic
life.  

Income             Taxes    

  The     company     accounts     for     income     taxes     in     accordance     with     ASC     740,     Income     Taxes,     which     requires     that     the     Company     recognize     deferred     tax     liabilities     and  
  assets     based     on     the     differences     between     the     financial     statement     carrying     amounts     and     the     tax     basis     of     assets     and     liabilities,     using     enacted     tax     rates     in     effect     in     the     years     the     differences     are     expected     to     reverse.Deferred     income     tax     benefit     (expense)     results     from     the     change     in     net     deferred     tax     assets     or     deferred     tax     liabilities.  

  A     valuation     allowance     is     recorded     when,     in     the     opinion     of     management,     it     is     more     likely     than     not     that     some     or     all     of     any     deferred     tax     assets     will     not     be     realized.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk    

  Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit
risk are cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, prepaid expenses,
accounts payable and accruals, due to/from related party and shareholder
accounts arising from its normal business activities.    

  The
Company maintains cash and cash equivalents with major financial institutions. 
In addition, the due to/from affiliated companies is under common control. 
Management considers the risk of non-performance of these instruments to be
remote.  

  The
Company has a diversified customer-base. The Company controls credit risk
related to accounts receivables through merchant credit card approvals, credit
limits and monitoring procedures.  The Company routinely assesses the financial
strength of its customers and, based upon factors surrounding the credit risk,
establishes an allowance, if required, for uncollectible accounts and, believes
that its accounts receivable related credit risk exposure beyond such allowance
is limited. Based on the historical experience, Management considers the that
it is low risk of non-performance of this instruments.  

  The Company s
business is subject to certain risks and concentrations including risks
relating to the condition of the economy, outbreak of disease or the occurrence
of natural or man-made disasters, dependence on relationships with travel
suppliers, primarily hotels and airlines, dependence on third-party technology,
internet service, utility services and telecommunications providers, exposure
to risks associated with online commerce security, data privacy, online payment
and credit card fraud.  

4  

    Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment    

  The Company s financial statements are presented in the U.S.
dollar ($), which is the Company s reporting currency, while its functional
currency is New Taiwan Dollar (NTD). Transactions in foreign currencies are
initially recorded at the functional currency rate prevailing at the date of
transaction. Any differences between the initially recorded amount and the
settlement amount are recorded as a gain or loss on foreign currency
transaction in the statements of operations. Monetary assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currency are translated at the functional currency rate
of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date. Any differences are taken to
profit or loss as a gain or loss on foreign currency translation in the
statements of operations.  

In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters, the Company
translates the assets and liabilities into U.S. dollars using the rate of
exchange prevailing at the balance sheet date and the statements of operations
and cash flows are translated at an average rate during the reporting period.
Adjustments resulting from the translation from RMB into U.S. dollar are
recorded in stockholders  equity as part of accumulated other comprehensive
income. The exchange rates used for financial statements in accordance with ASC
830, Foreign Currency Matters, are as follows:  

Foreign currency exchange rates  

Statement             of             Cash             Flows    

  Cash     flows     from     the     Company's     operations     are     based     upon     the     local     currencies.     As     a     result,     amounts     related     to     assets     and     liabilities     reported     on     the     statement     of     cash     flows     will     not     necessarily     agree     with     changes     in     the     corresponding     balances     on     the     balance     sheet.  

Advertising
expense    

  The
Company incurs advertising expenses to promote the Company s products and
services. The Company expenses the production costs associated with
advertisements in the period in which the advertisement first takes place. The
Group expenses the advertising costs as incurred each time the advertisement is
displayed or broadcasted. For the years ended September 30, 2016, advertising
expenses were $56,550 and were recorded as operating expenses.  

Recently             Issued             Accounting             Pronouncements    

  In
September 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2015-16,  Business
Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period
Adjustments  ( ASU 2015-16 ), which requires that an acquirer recognize
adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement
period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.
ASU 2015-16 is effective for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within
those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of the adoption of this guidance on the Consolidated
Financial Statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
The standard provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for
revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The core
principle of the model is to recognize revenue when control of the goods or
services transfers to the customer, as opposed to recognizing revenue when the
risks and rewards transfer to the customer under the existing revenue guidance.
On July 9, 2015, FASB voted to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one
year. The guidance would be effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. We are
currently assessing the impact that adoption of ASU 2014-09 will have on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.  

5  

   NOTE
2
INCOME
TAXES   

The Company and its subsidiaries file separate income tax returns.  

  The
subsidiaries were incorporated in Taiwan and are subject to Taiwan s Income Tax
Law. For the years ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded income tax
expense as below.  

San
Lotus has not yet realized income as of the date of this report, and no
provision for income taxes has been made.  

  As
of September 30  , 2016  , there were no deferred tax assets or liabilities.  

NOTE         3     RELATED         PARTY         TRANSACTIONS   

The
principal related party transactions for the years ended December 31,
2015, and 2014 were as follows:  

Xinpi
Land  

  In
December 2014, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Green Forest, a Taiwanese
corporation, entered into a land sale agreement with Yu Chien-Yang, our vice
president to sell him 29,332.7000 square meters of land located in the Xinhua
Section of Xinpi Township, Pingtun County, Taiwan. Green Forest sold the Land
for NTD$53,238,851 (US$1,815,414.60) and Mr. Yu transferred his 1,815,415
shares of common stock in San Lotus Holding Inc. to the Company. The shares
were retired as treasury stock.  

Miaoli
Land  

  As
the
titles to Land in Miaoli County, Taiwan have not been transferred to Green
Forest by the end of 2014 as stipulated in sales agreement, Green Forest
cancelled the December
2013, March 2014 and August 2014 land purchase transactions in accordance
with terms of the sales agreement whereby the Company is not obligated to pay
any termination costs. The shares issued in connection with these cancelled
deals were retired as treasury stock.  

Dataoping
Land  

  On
March 31, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Green Forest, a Taiwanese
corporation, entered into a land purchase agreement with Yu, Chien-Yang , our
vice president to acquire 35,251 square meters of land in Dataoping Section of
Zaoqiao Township, Miaoli County, and 41,184 square meters of land in Laotianliao
Section of Touwu Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan, all of which is 76,435 square
meters for NTD$192,060,000  (US$6,195,484). The Purchase Price was paid for
through Green Forest's issuance of a promissory note payable to the Seller. On
the same date, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement for the
issuance of 6,195,484 shares of its common stock, par value $1 per share, at a
purchase price of $1 per share, to the seller and their designees pursuant to
stock purchase agreement.  

Glendale
Condominium  

  In
July 2015, the Company sold the condominium unit in Glendale, California to its
CEO, Chih-Ying ChenTseng for a total selling price of $487,355.   

XO
Experience  

  On
August 14, 2015, the Company entered into and closed on a stock purchase agreement
(the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) with Chih-Ying Chen Tseng, our CEO and
director for the acquisition of XO EXPERIENCE INC. ( XO ) to acquire all of the
issued and outstanding common stock of XO in exchange for US$1.  

The
following table summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed at the acquisition date of the acquisition:             

Fair
value of XO Experience acquisition  

6  

   NOTE         4     COMMON         STOCK   

On March 9, 2015, The Company  s wholly-owned
subsidiary, Green Forest, a Taiwanese corporation, has terminated the land purchase agreement dated December 27, 2013,
March 13, 2014 and August 11, 2014 because the Land Seller has not conveyed to
Green Forest the entire titles to the Land. Concurrently with the termination
of the land purchase agreement, we have discharged all our obligations we
assumed from the promissory note, and the Shares issued under the stock
purchase agreements shall be cancelled from the record in our transfer agent,
Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A.  

Common stock shares issued  

NOTE 5 ACQUISITIONS   

On March 31, 2015
(the acquisition date), Green Forest Management Consulting Inc. ( Green
Forest ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into and closed on a stock
purchase agreement (the  Stock Purchase Agreement ) with Chiu,
Pao-Chi, Chiun Jing Inc., Haug Inc., Jiu Bang Inc., and Wan Fu Inc., (together,
the  Mao Ren Sellers ) for the acquisition of Mao Ren International
Inc., a Taiwan (R.O.C.) company ( Mao Ren ). Green Forest acquired
all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Mao Ren from the Mao Ren
Sellers in exchange for $1.  

The following table
summarizes the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date of the acquisition:  

Fair value of Mao Ren acquisition  

Note 6 LONG-TERM
RECEIVABLES    

  The Company entered into several collateral
transfer agreements with the creditors in February 2010 to assign the right of
debt, which was collateralized by the land. In 2011, Taiwan Taichung District
Court has ordered the pay warrants to request debtor pay the Company in the
amount of NT$5,851,967,413. Pursuant to the agreement, the creditors agreed
with the Company to enforce and execute the auction by the court or itself
against the debtor s remaining assets. In the return, the Company is being
compensated by the creditors to use the proceeds from the sale of
collateralized land to reinvest or develop the collateralized land to construct
the real estate and then sell. There is no timeline to pay off the long-term
payable and it s probable to pay off the debt in exchange of investments of San
Lotus Holding Inc.  

  The Company has hired the
independent appraiser to evaluate the fair value of collateralized land and
recorded the long-term receivable based on the net realized value of the
collaterals.  

As of September 30,2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company
has the other receivable in the amounts shown below.

Fair value of land  

7  

   NOTE 7 COMMITMENTS   

The Company has several operating leases, primarily for
offices and employee dormitories. Payments under operating leases, including
periodic rent escalation and rent holidays, are expensed on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.  

  Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable
operating leases as of December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

Minimum lease payments  

Rental expenses  

NOTE 8 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

On November 27, 2015,  the
court  has enforced and executed the land located in
Yilan with the auction price of NTD$ 540,256,000. The court has
not decided how to distribute the proceeds to the Company. The Company is
unable to require further information to determine the amount at this point.  

  On July 28, 2016, the court has enforced and executed
the land located in Pingdon and dsitribute the proceeds to Company with the
amount of NTD$ 29,139,420. On December 31, 2016, the Company will hire the
independent appraiser to evaluate the fair value of undisposed collateralized
land and recorded the long-term receivable based on the net realized value of
the collaterals.  

On August 31, 2016, we entered into an agreement to purchase stock
  creditor s right with Chang, Hsin-Yu (the  Seller ), the sole shareholder of AHI
Film Inc., to purchase the outstanding 10,000 shares of AHI Film Inc. (the  AHI Film
Shares ) in exchange for US$1, and the closing of transaction under Agreement I
shall be held on January 1, 2017.  

On August 31, 2016, we entered into an agreement to purchase stock
  creditor s right with Chang, Hsin-Yu (the  Seller ), the sole shareholder
of AHI Records Inc., to purchase 10,000 shares of AHI Records Inc. (the  AHI
Records Shares ) in exchange for US$1, and the closing of transaction under
Agreement II shall be held on January 1, 2017.  

On August 31,
2016, we entered into a stock purchase agreement with Chang, Hsin-Yu (the
 Seller ), the sole shareholder of San Lotus Holding Inc. registered in British Virgin Islands (the  BVI
Company ), to purchase the outstanding 50,000 shares of BVI Company (the  BVI
Shares ) in exchange for US$1, and
the closing of transaction under Agreement III shall be held on January 1,
2017.  

8       

Item
2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation   

This Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking  statements as such term is
defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.  These forward-looking statements consist of information
relating to the Company that is based on the beliefs of the Company's
management as well as assumptions made by and information currently available
to the Company's management. When used in this report, the words
 anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 expect  and  intend  and words or phrases of similar
import, as they relate to the Company or Company management, are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current risks,
uncertainties and assumptions related to certain factors including, without
limitation, competitive factors, general economic conditions, customer
relations, relationships with vendors, the interest rate environment,
governmental regulation and supervision, seasonality, distribution networks,
product introductions and acceptance, technological change, changes in industry
practices, onetime events and other factors described herein and in other
filings made by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Based
upon changing conditions, should any one or more of these risks or
uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those described herein as
anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended. The Company does not
intend to update these forward-looking statements.   

BUSINESS
OVERVIEW   

San Lotus Holding Inc. was
incorporated in the state of Nevada on June 21, 2011 to (1) market travel
products and services to the growing  baby boomer  market, with an
initial focus on the Asian market, via   developing and
operating a global travel and leisure agency business; and (2)   jointly develop the tourism and travel of He Ping
Zhen,   Shaowu      City, Fujian Province,
China with He Ping Zhen Development Ltd., a China Limited Corporation  ,
the specific plans of which remains under preliminary discussion. Our vision is
to consolidate travel products and services and deliver value to the world's
travel population  . W  e changed our state
of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State of California (the
 Conversion ) on July     21,
2015.  

We are a development stage
company that plans to market global travel products to the retiring baby boomer
generation in the Asian markets. We are in the initial stages of opening a
travel agency in Taiwan, Republic of China. On May 21, 2012, we obtained a
license from the Investment Commission, Ministry of Economic Affairs, Taiwan
(R.O.C.) to invest into Taiwan through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Green
Forest Management Consulting Inc., a Taiwan (R.O.C.) company. We anticipate
that we will be able to obtain this approval by the end of 2016. The challenges
we anticipate in obtaining the necessary approvals to operate a travel agency
in Taiwan (as well as in other countries) primarily involves meeting the
statutory requirements related to capital requirements, statutory reserves and
employing fit, proper and qualified management. These challenges have already
been addressed by starting our business in Taiwan (as referenced in Risk
Factors under government approval). We expect to begin generating revenue in
Taiwan in April 2016, after we obtain the relevant licenses and approval from
Taiwan's government.  

Our travel services entity
in Taiwan will provide both outbound travel services for customers based in
Taiwan and inbound travel services for customers based abroad and coming to
Taiwan. Both the outbound and inbound services will be conducted in our Taiwan
office, except the inbound services will rely in part on advertising conducted
or directed outside of Taiwan.  

We will not only book
airplane tickets, hotels and tours, but design specialized destination-related
travel services for our customers based on their specific needs and desires
while they are in Taiwan. In this way, our market will consist of both those
potential travelers based in Taiwan, but also anyone from any other country who
might be planning a trip to Taiwan or need assistance with designing a travel
itinerary once they arrive in Taiwan. We will market our products and services
to the travel population in Taiwan and abroad through our website,    www.sanlotusholding.com   ,
as well as through services such as Twitter and other media outlets. we have
purchased three vehicles to provide transportation to our customers while they
are in California, a common destination for Taiwan business travelers and tourists.

We intend to use the cars,
with hired drivers, to provide car service for our customers from the airport
to their hotels or other desired destinations upon their arrival in California.
Providing car service is an experimental project at this point as we only have
three vehicles available for use. We will charge our customers an amount that
will cover our expenses in providing the car and driver. In the event the
service is popular and appears to benefit our services, we may add to the
service in the future, at which time we would reevaluate the amount we charge
for the service.  

9       

In addition
to developing our business in Taiwan, in the first quarter of 2013, we entered
into non-binding letters of intent to acquire existing travel services agencies
in Taipei City, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Vietnam, Vancouver, British Columbia and
California. We plan to proceed in negotiating terms for these acquisitions over
the course of the next several months while we simultaneously gather
operational data from our module operation in Taiwan. We expect to complete the
acquisitions of such travel agencies by the end of 2016. At the same time, we
also have entered into non-binding letters of intent to acquire land in Taiwan,
which land we intend to use to develop destination-related travel services. We
expect to complete the acquisitions of such land and/or land holding companies
by the end of 2016.  

Despite of entering the
non-binding letters of intent to acquire the travel agencies and land, we
remain in the preliminary discussion with the travel agencies and the sellers
of the land about the specific considerations to acquire them. Thus, to date,
we are not able to estimate any specific costs in completing such acquisitions.
Acquiring the travel agencies located both within and outside of Taiwan and
land in Taiwan is an ongoing effort that will continue during the life of the
Company. To facilitate our acquisition efforts, we will actively seeking
additional funding on favorable terms to continue our acquisition. If
additional funding is not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to
implement our acquisitions and continue our operations. We plan to be funded by
private placement of our equity securities and/or mortgage our land. But, there
can be no assurance we will be funded as such. Thus, there can be no assurance
we will successfully complete our acquisitions of travel agencies and/or land.
If we fail to complete our acquisitions of travel agencies and/or land, we may
be forced to cease our operation entirely, and you may lose all your
investment.  

Each of these non-binding
letters of intent above was disclosed to the SEC in a Current Report on Form
8-K shortly after our entry into each such non-binding letter of intent.  

Regarding the development of
our travel services entity in Taiwan, our plan is to build up a successful
module operation in Taiwan and to gain meaningful operational data for one year
before using it as a model to replicate throughout Asia. It is critically
important for us to obtain credible data in terms of the following (per module
main office, plus branch officers):  

1.          Start-up Cost   

A.            Capital requirements - estimated $100,000 upon
application license - end of 2016   

B.            Statutory reserve - estimated $20,000 upon approval of
license - end of 2016   

C.         
   Fees - estimated
$1,000 upon application for license - end of 2016    

D.            Rent deposit - estimated $2,000 upon rental of office
- end of 2016   

E.             Equipment, etc. - estimated $5,000 - end of 2016  

F.             Purchase of condominium and automobiles in California
- $628,141 - June 2012   

G.            Purchase of interest in A Peace World Holding Inc. -
$46,500 - January 2012  

2.          Operating Expenses   

A.            Number of employees and salary per office - two
employees at $1,500 each per month for a total of $3,000 - starting in April
2014   

B.            Office rent-Green Forest-$2,000 per month-starting in
September 2013   

C.         
   Office rent-Da
Ren-$1,333 per month -starting in September 2013   

D.            Telecommunications - $200 per month-starting in June
2012 and $700 starting in September 2012   

E.             Utilities, etc. - $500 per month- starting in
September 2013   

F.             Advertising - estimated $5,000 for initial television
advertising development - end of 2016  

G.            Condominium expenses -$900 per month-starting in
September 2013   

H.            Automobile-related expenses - $1,500- September 2013  

3.          Projected Sales   

A.            Dollar sales/commission per office   

  B.            Breakdown of sales by product   

4.          Projected Cash Flow   

5.    Breakeven
point and Projected Earnings  

Making projections using
real figures based on the module operations should lower our level of risk as
we expand into other countries. While it is premature to set any definitive
dates in applying for obtaining statutory approval to operate travel agencies
beyond Taiwan (R.O.C.), we anticipate that after one full year of operation, we
will have sufficient data to construct an expansion plan for establishing
ventures beyond Taiwan.  

10       

Products and Services
Offered:  

  -                 
  Transportation: airlines / buses / car
rentals / railways / cruises;   

  -                 
  Accommodation: hotels / resorts /
cruises; and   

  -                
  Packaged holidays / local tours.   

Our business strategy is to
generate revenue mainly through commissions or mark-ups for selling travel
products. For example, for airplane tickets, for which we do not take
inventory, we will receive commission revenue from the airlines as compensation
for selling airplane tickets to our customers. In other words, our revenue will
not come directly from the payments which the customers make to the airlines,
but instead our commission revenue will be paid by the product provider (e.g.
airlines) directly to our Company. The size of commission will vary from
product to product, depending on how product providers (e.g. airlines) set
their distribution strategy. Below is an estimate of the commission percentage
we expect to be able to obtain for each type of product:  

Another type of revenue
would come from mark-ups. Our mark-up revenue will be earned when we choose to
take inventory on products such as hotel stays, cruise trips or tours. This
type of revenue is different from commission-based revenue in that we will
secure the product outright before customers purchase the product. After we
purchase the product, we would then sell the product to the customer at a
higher price, thereby earning the difference or mark-up as profit. The size of
the mark-up will vary depending on our inventory level, market conditions and
customer preference.  

Below is an
estimate of the mark-up percentage and the initial cost of obtaining wholesale
inventory for each type of product:  

We expect to incur the cost
of obtaining wholesale inventory as soon as our license to operate a travel
agency has been granted. Consequently, we will recover the cost and make a
profit when inventory is turned over or sold. The profitability of our mark-up
business will depend on how frequent inventory is turned.  

We anticipate
providing other ancillary travel services such as submitting visa applications
on behalf of clients. It is our understanding that it is customary to charge a
handling fee of US$5~10 for the submission of a visa application. These types
of services, however, should only constitute a small part of our overall
revenue.  

We plan to market our
company to high-income individuals and affinity groups, such as private
schools, alumni groups and wealth management organizations at banks and
investment firms. Our plan to reach these target customers is through seeking
lists from the affinity groups and marketing online. In terms of seeking lists
from affinity groups, our strategy involves no upfront cost to our company. We
will instead share the profits with the organizations that provided such lists
when customers purchase travel products through our company. Our general rule
of thumb is to share 50% of the profit with the affinity group. This estimate
may be adjusted upward or downward depending on the size and quality of the
customer list. Separately, we plan to market our company online through our
company website. Currently under construction, our company website,
www.sanlotusholding.com, will be a vehicle to promote our offerings to a wide
audience. We plan on interacting with our retail customers primarily through
our website. Our customers will be able to place their purchases via the
telephone, through credit card or bank transfer payment.  

11       

Business
Development   

The Company seeks to develop
mutually beneficial business relationships with travel product providers, such
as airlines, hotels and tour operators, and will begin offering travel products
to our customers. The Company will work on reaching a variety of affinity
groups and reaching agreements to service their customers. The Company recently
launched a website, www.sanlotusholding.com, to begin marketing our services
online. Our costs as a reporting company in our first year are approximately
$165,000 in legal fees and $45,000 in auditing fees, including the preparation
of our 10-K filing and annual audit. And, our costs as a reporting company in
our second year are approximately $16,193 in legal fees and $50,300 in auditing
fees, including the preparation of our 10-K filing and annual audit.  

Marketing
and Sales   

Our initial marketing
efforts will be designed to drive prospective clients to our website,
www.sanlotusholding.com. We plan to use social media vehicles such as Twitter
and Facebook to generate awareness of our website. We expect to engage
prospective clients through promoting our website and responding to requests
for information. Eventually, we expect to use broader-based email marketing to
generate a much larger number of sales leads that will be followed up with a
personal exchange, via email or telephone, but there is no guarantee this will
be successful.   

We have
taken the following steps in implementing our business plan:  

Vendor
Discussion and Supplier Agreements   

We have contacted vendors to
provide travel related products to our customers. Below is a summary of the
number of vendors who have responded favorably to our request. We have not
signed any formal supplier agreements with product vendors.  

Type of Vendor  

Number of Vendor  

Airline  

2  

Bus Company  

1  

Cruise Company  

2  

Hotel  

7  

Resort  

2  

Other Travel Agency  

2  

Website
Development   

We have
completed the initial version of our website, www.sanlotusholding.com, and will
use this site to market our services to the general public.  

Affinity
Groups   

We have used the contacts of
our directors and officers in initially contacting various affinity groups.
Thus far, we have had conversations with no less than five groups that have
expressed interest in sharing their group list with our company. However, at
this time we have not executed any of agreements with these companies. Below is
a summary of the statistics we wish to reach regarding various affinity groups:  

Type of Vendor  

Number of Vendor  

Airline  

5  

Bus Company  

2  

Cruise Company  

2  

Hotel  

15  

Resort  

5  

Other Travel Agency  

5  

12       

We are in the process of
applying for our license to operate a travel agency in Taiwan. We expect to
receive approval for our business license by the end of 2016. Once proper
licenses and approvals have been granted, we will need to take the following
steps in generating revenue:  

-             Formally launch online operations (in or after 2016)   

-             Sign formal supplier agreements with product vendors
that have expressed interest previously (in or after 2016)   

-             Sign on additional product vendors (in or after 2016)   

-             Sign profit sharing agreements with affinity groups
that have expressed interest previously (completed as of the year 2012)   

-             Sign on additional affinity groups (in or after 2016)   

-             Hire office staff (in or after 2016)   

These steps will ensure that
we have sufficient product and service offerings to attract customers, both to
launch our operations and on an ongoing basis going forward.  

In addition to the
aforementioned steps, we are in the process of investing in and developing
scenic/destination real estate sites through the acquisition of land and land
holding companies. We acquired certain land and canceled certain land
transactions in Taiwan (R.O.C.), which is specifically described in Item 2 of
our annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 9, 2016 ( as amended by the Form
10K/A filed on March 11, 2016  ).    

We expect the destination
real estate portion of our business to make up approximately half of our
overall business in the future, with the other half consisting of travel
agencies. By destination real estate, we mean to develop locations that will
attract and support visitors for stays of one day or longer, providing outdoor
activities and places of interest for visitors from both domestic locales and
abroad. In addition to our destination real estate business, we are continuing
to develop our travel agency in Taiwan and have entered into certain
non-binding letters of intent to acquire travel agencies located outside of
Taiwan in both Asia and North America. We aim to complete the acquisition of
five travel     agencies by the end of 2016. We
intend to fund all of these acquisitions through the sale of our common stock.
While this will cause dilution to the existing shareholders, we do not believe
this dilution will negatively affect the shareholders as the acquisitions will
add significant value to the Company and will allow the Company to proceed in
developing its business.  

We may also from time to
time invest in travel-related service providers that we believe can help us
better service our customers and help them meet their travel needs. Through
investing in such entities, we may be able to recoup some of our costs through
maintaining small ownership interests in the entities our clients use.
Furthermore, by investing in these entities, we may be able to work with them
to better improve their travel offerings or related services or bring the
entities up to the standard of service our customers expect. We recently made
one such investment in A Peace World Holding Inc. ( APW ), a company
in the early stages of developing destination real estate products and
services. We expect that APW, based on its expressed business plans, will
develop destination real estate that our customers will be interested in
traveling to, thus enhancing the products and services we can provide to our
customers. Any costs involved in offering such products and services to our
customers, if there are any such costs, will be incorporated into the fees we
charge our customers for our service. At this time we have no further plans for
making any additional such investments and therefore have no plans of making
further capital expenditures in relation to such investments.  

Competition   

We will be operating in two
sectors - in the area of destination real estate development and travel
agencies. These two sectors will complement each other as, over the long term,
the travel agencies will be able to refer clients and visitors to our
destination real estate sites. We will face competition from many individuals
and companies that also market travel locations and products. As concerns
travel destinations, we desire to utilize scenic properties that will allow for
outdoor activities. Thus we must create locations that provide both activities of
interest and provide convenience and amenities, while allowing visitors to
enjoy the natural beauty of the area around them.  

13       

Observation tells us that
the current travel industry is generally driven by the lowest cost provider.
However, different segments of the market, such as the affluent segment,
consider factors beyond cost when they plan vacations and travel. Ahead of
cost, an affluent consumer may value factors such as convenience, comprehensive
service, and luxury and/or prestige, to name a few. We believe that a
successful marketing effort to reach the affluent market segment (retiring baby
boomers) with the right quality of products should increase our revenue
opportunity. In Taiwan, market conditions for the travel industry are similar
to those of the U.S. There is a mix of large travel agencies, online service
providers and small-scale local operators. However, since Taiwan is
geographically much smaller than the U.S., competition is fierce.  

In Taiwan, there are four types of travel agencies:  

1.          Mega Agencies   

A.            Lion Travel   

B.            Cola Tour   

C.            EZ Travel   

2.          Intermediate-Small - locally or regionally owned
agencies   

A.            Star Travel   

B.            SET Tour   

3.          Independent Agencies: Usually catering to a special or
niche market   

A.            Royal Jet Way   

B.            Perfect Travel   

C.            Life Tour   

4.          Airline   other types of travel consolidators   

A.            China Airlines   

B.            EVA Airlines   

C.            American Express  

We feel at this time we
would fall into the Independent Agency category and hope to create our own
niche as a more customer-oriented agency or travel service provider with a
reputation of going the  extra mile  wherever possible in connecting
the right type of customers with the right type of products.  

Concerning destination real
estate sites, there are many competitors who will be vying for the business of
our potential clientele. The key will be to develop attractive properties that
provide the amenities and activities that visitors would enjoy. In our
development plans, we are defining destination real estate as locations that
will draw tourist from both domestically and abroad to visit our sites for a
period of one or two days or more. So in the long term we will be developing
sites that include hotels, restaurants, as well as activity and entertainment
centers, among other things. Some of our competitors in the destination real
estate sector in Taiwan include the following companies:  

14       

Elements
Innovation Co. Ltd.  

  E United
Group  

  Taiwan
Land Development Inc.  

EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY
STATUS   

  We
qualify as an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act (the  JOBS Act ). As a result, we are permitted
to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we
are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to:  

have
  an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
  to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;  

comply
  with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
  Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to
  the auditor's report providing additional information about the audit and the
  financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);  

submit
  certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as
   say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency  and  

disclose
  certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between
  executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO's
  compensation to median employee compensation.  

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth
company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in
Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the
adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not
be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised
accounting standards.  

We
will remain an  emerging growth company  for up to five years, or
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our
total annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a
 large accelerated filer  as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our
ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the
last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii)
the date on which we have issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt
during the preceding three year period.  

15       

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

The
following table summarizes our historical condensed consolidated statements of
operations data.  

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   
     FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
  COMPREHENSIVE LOSS   

(UNAUDITED)   

Comparison
of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

    Revenues    .  We incurred revenue of $482,421and $599,942
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The revenue was attributable
to   XO EXPERIENCE INC., travel
agent of wholesaler.  

General and
Administrative Expenses    .  We
incurred general and administrative expenses of $280,342and $241,647during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase was mainly
attributable to combination of   XO EXPERIENCE INC.  

16       

Income (loss) from
operations    .   Loss from
operations is $(277,050) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
income from operations is $14,160 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This
decrease was attributable to     XO EXPERIENCE INC   higher
operating costs expended in implementing our business plan for the nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015.  

Other Income (expenses)    .  Other income was $9,427and $39,163for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. It was attributable to gain on
sale of assets and disposal of investment.  

Net Income (loss) Before Income
Taxes    .  Loss before
income taxes is       $(267,623) for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and income before income taxes is       $53,323 for the nine months
ended September 30 2015.  The decrease was mainly attributable to   XO EXPERIENCE INC   higher operating costs expended in implementing our
business plan  .  

Provision for Income
Taxes    .  We have$0 and
$800  income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.

Net Income (loss)      As a result of the above factors, we
experienced a net loss of approximately        $(267,623) and net income $52,523for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, representing a decrease of
approximately $(320,146). This decrease was primarily for more operating cost of
  XO EXPERIENCE
INC  .  

Net
Loss Attributable to Non-controlling Interest.     Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest
ended September 30, 2016 is and 2015 is $0.   

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

Capital
Resources and Liquidity   

Excluding
our planned acquisitions, we expect the running of San Lotus Holding Inc.;
Green Forest  Management
Consulting Inc.; Da Ren International Development Inc.;   Mao Ren International Inc.; and   XO Experience Inc. to require
approximately $600,000 to carry out planned operations for the next 12 months.
   To meet our needs for cash required for
sustain our businesses and completing our planned acquisitions, we will need to
generate sufficient revenues or require additional funding through the private placement
of our equity securities and/or mortgage our land. But, there can be no
assurance we will be funded as such. And, there can be no assurance that our
existing shareholders will provide us with additional capital.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had $53,424 cash in the bank; $4,834 cash held
by our wholly-owned Taiwan (R.O.C.) subsidiary, Green Forest Management
Consulting Inc.; $3,250 cash held by our wholly-owned Taiwan (R.O.C.)
subsidiary,   Mao Ren International Inc.;   $30
cash held by our wholly-owned Taiwan (R.O.C.) subsidiary, Da Ren International
Development Inc.; and $0 cash held by our wholly-owned California subsidiary,   XO EXPERIENCE INC.   for purposes of building our
travel services business in Taiwan.   

Based upon the
above, we believe that Mao Ren   International
Inc.   will not have enough funds to support themselves for remaining
months.   We will likely to seek   additional
funding through the private placement of our equity securities and/or mortgage
our land. But, there can be no assurance we will be funded as such. And, there
can be no assurance that our existing shareholders will provide us with
additional capital.  

As
to our planned acquisitions, although the non-binding letters of intent to
acquire the travel agencies were entered, we remain in the preliminary
discussion with them about the specific considerations to acquire each of them.
Thus, to date, we are not able to estimate any specific costs in completing
such acquisitions. Additionally, except for the completed acquisitions of Da
Ren International Development Inc., we remain in the preliminary
discussion about the specific consideration in acquiring other land or land
holding companies. Thus, to date, we are not able to estimate any specific
costs in completing the acquisitions other than the completed acquisitions.  

If
we require additional funding to complete our planned acquisitions, we will
actively seeking additional funding by completing a private placement of our
equity securities and/or mortgage our land. But, there can be no assurance we
will be funded as such. And, there can be no assurance that our existing
shareholders will provide us with additional capital. Finally, if we are unable
to generate sufficient revenue and/or obtain additional funding, we may have to
cease operations entirely. We cannot guarantee that our operations and proceeds
from any funding will be sufficient for us to continue as going concern.  

17       

Tabular disclosure of contractual obligations   

Contractual
  obligations   

Payments due by period   

3-5
  years   

More
  than 5 years   

Total   

Less
  than   
     1 year   

1-3
  years   

[Long-Term
  Debt Obligations]  

[Capital
  Lease Obligations]  

[Operating
  Lease Obligations]  

52,340  

52,340  

[Purchase
  Obligations]  

[Other
  Long-Term Liabilities Reflected on the Registrant's Balance Sheet under GAAP]  

Total  

52,340  

52,340  

Going
Concern   

At present, we have no
enough cash to pay for our selling, general and administrative expenses. As
such, in order to continue developing our operations as planned, we may be
reliant on obtaining additional funding by private placement of our equity
securities and/or obtaining the loan by mortgage our land. But, there can be no
assurance we will be funded as such. Thus, there can be no assurance we will
successfully continue our operation and/or complete our plan of operations  .    Based on these assumptions, our auditor has
expressed doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

Critical
Accounting Polices   

We
have made no material changes to our critical accounting policies in connection
with the preparation of financial statements included in this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q.  

Impact
of Accounting Pronouncements   

There
were no recent accounting pronouncements that have had a material effect on the
Company's financial position or results of operations.   

Recently
Issued Accounting Policies   

The
Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect.
These pronouncements did not have any material impact on the financial
statements unless otherwise disclosed, and the Company does not believe that
there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that
might have a material impact on its financial position or results of
operations.  

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition or results
of operations.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks.   

We do not take positions or
engage in transactions in risk-sensitive market instruments in any substantial
degree, nor as defined by SEC rules and instructions. Based on the nature of
our current operations, we have not identified any issues of market risk at
this time.  

18       

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures.   

Disclosure controls and
procedures are controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) are recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing
possible controls and procedures.  

Management conducted its
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our
chief executive officer. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2014 due to a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting which is described below.  

Management identified significant
deficiencies related to (i) the lack of U.S. GAAP expertise of our chief
financial officer, (ii) the lack of U.S. GAAP expertise of our internal
accounting staff, and (iii) the company's failure to have a board of directors
consisting of a majority of independent directors and our lack of a director
who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item
407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. We plan to address these weaknesses in the
near term as the Company develops.  

Changes
in internal controls.   

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the
period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting.   

19       

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

Our management knows of no
material existing or pending legal proceeding, litigation or claim against us,
nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material existing legal proceeding or
pending legal proceeding, litigation or claim.  

Yu Chien-Yang, our vice
president and a member of our board of directors, was indicted by the Taichung
District Prosecutor's Office of Taichung County, Taiwan (R.O.C.) on May 17,
2013. The indictment in no way involves San Lotus Holding Inc. or any of our
subsidiaries and the matters described therein do not include any conduct
involving, by, or on behalf of the Company or any of our subsidiaries.  

The
enforcement actions were brought against seven individuals, including Mr. Yu,
alleging violations of Taiwan's banking and securities laws in connection with
disclosure issues related to a single corporate bond issuance. The action
predates Mr. Yu's employment with the Company and is in connection with Mr.
Yu's service at another company, Da Chuang Business Management Consultant Co.,
Ltd. and its subsidiary, Da Ren International Investments Inc., which had
conducted a general solicitation of its corporate bonds to the general public
in the year 2010. We do not expect this litigation to have a material effect on
our business.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

There
is no any material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in our
Form 10-K.   

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   

None  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.   

Not
applicable.  

Item
5.         Other Information.   

None.  

   Item
6.  Exhibits.   

20       

* Filed herewith.  

  ** This
certification is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized.  

SAN LOTUS HOLDING INC.   

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/   Chen, Kuan-Yu  

Chen, Kuan-Yu  
    Chairman  

Date: November 3, 2016    

By:  

/s/   Lin, Mu-Chen  

Lin, Mu-Chen  
    Chief Financial Officer and  

Principal Accounting Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

exhibit311.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Chen, Kuan-Yu, certify that:  

1. I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of San Lotus Holding Inc.  

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:   /s/Chen, Kuan-Yu   

Chen, Kuan-Yu, Chairman  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

exhibit312.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Lin, Mu-Chen, certify that:  

1. I have
reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of San Lotus Holding Inc.;  

2. Based on
my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:    /s/Lin, Mu-Chen   

Lin,
  Mu-Chen, Principal Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

exhibit321.htm - Generated by SEC Publisher for SEC Filing 

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

In
connection with the Report on Form 10-Q ( Form 10-Q ) of San Lotus
Holding Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, Chen, Kuan-Yu,
Chairman of the Company, and Lin Mu-Chen, Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

(1)   The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of
Section  13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended; and  

(2)   The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.  

/s/Chen, Kuan-Yu   

  Chen, Kuan-Yu, Chairman  

November 3, 2016  

/s/Lin, Mu-Chen   

  Lin, Mu-Chen, Principal
Financial Officer  

November 3, 2016  

This
certification accompanies this Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not deemed filed by the Company and is not to
be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities
Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or
after the date of the Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation
language contained in such filing.  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 slot-20160930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 slot-20160930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 slot-20160930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 slot-20160930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 slot-20160930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 slot-20160930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

