<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1641129_0001615774-16-008496_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4223194</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>96155</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253864</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1019186</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1832432</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>949080</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>28</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001615774-16-008496.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121123928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001615774-16-008496
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LookSmart Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001641129
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				473643516
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55440
		FILM NUMBER:		162009704

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 CALIFORNIA STREET, 16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-348-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		50 CALIFORNIA STREET, 16TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94108

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001615774-16-008496.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 s104764_10q.htm
 10-Q

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the Transition Period from             
to             .  

Commission File Number: 000-26357  

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.  

  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter)  

Nevada  
       
      47-3643516   

(State or other jurisdiction of  
          incorporation or organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

2850 W. Horizon Ridge Parkway, Suite 200  

  Henderson, Nevada 89052  

  (415) 348-7000  

  (Address, including zip
code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant s principal executive offices)   

NASDAQ Stock Market LLC  

  Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act:  

  Common Stock, par value $0.003 per share  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act:  

  None  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  x      No     

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be
submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter)   during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  x 
    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large-accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  
       
      x   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes        No  x  

As of August 1, 2016, there were 5,768,851 shares of the registrant s
common stock outstanding, par value $0.003 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

ITEM 1 
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     3  

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
     3  

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  
     4  

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS  
     5  

UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
     6  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
     7  

ITEM 2. 
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  
     24  

ITEM 3. 
      QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
     31  

ITEM 4. 
      CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
     32  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION  

ITEM 1. 
      LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     32  

ITEM 1A. 
      RISK FACTORS  
     32  

ITEM 2. 
      UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS  
     32  

ITEM 3. 
      DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  
     32  

ITEM 4. 
      MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES  
     32  

ITEM 5. 
      OTHER INFORMATION  
     32  

ITEM 6. 
      EXHIBITS  
     32  

SIGNATURE  
     33  

EXHIBIT INDEX  
     34  

2   

PART I  

ITEM 1.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

  (In thousands, except par value)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

3   

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  

  (In thousands, except per share data)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4   

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.  

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS  

  (In thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5   

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.   

  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

  (In thousands)  

 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30,     

2016       
     2015     
 
     Cash flows from operating activities:    

Net loss    
     $  (1,072  )    
     $  (2,632  )  
 
     Adjustment to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:    

Depreciation and amortization    
        682       
        843     
 
     Provision for doubtful accounts    
        -       
        -     
 
     Share-based compensation    
        -       
        -     
 
     Other non-cash charges    
        (51  )    
        -     
 
     Deferred rent    
        (8  )    
        (8  )  
 
     Deferred lease incentive    
        -       
        -     
 
     Restructuring charge    
        9       
        -     
 
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:    

Trade accounts receivable    
        (249  )    
        106     
 
     Prepaid expenses and other current assets    
        (9  )    
        218     
 
     Other current assets    
        -       
        -     
 
     Trade accounts payable    
        351       
        (355  )  
 
     Accrued liabilities    
        (25  )    
        40     
 
     Deferred revenue and customer deposits    
        4       
        (239  )  
 
     Net cash used in operating activities    
        (368  )    
        (2,027  )  
 
     Cash flows from investing activities:    

Purchase of investments    
        -       
        -     
 
     Proceeds from sale of investments    
        -       
        66     
 
     Proceeds from sale of equipment    
        -       
        -     
 
     Payments for property and equipment    
        -       
        -     
 
     Purchase of intangible assets    
        -       
        (356  )  
 
     Net cash provided by investing activities    
        -       
        (290  )  
 
     Cash flows from financing activities:    

Principal payments of capital lease obligations    
        -       
        -     
 
     Proceeds from short-term debt    
        -       
        572     
 
     Proceeds from additional paid-in capital    
        -       
        600     
 
     Proceeds from long-term debt    
        430       
        964     
 
     Payments for repurchase of common stock    
        -       
        -     
 
     Net cash used in financing activities    
        430       
        2,136     
 
     Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents    
        (1  )    
        26     
 
     Decrease in cash and cash equivalents    
        61       
        (155  )  
 
     Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period    
        207       
        305     
 
     Cash and cash equivalents, end of period    
     $  268       
     $  150     
 
     Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:    

Interest paid    
     $  47       
     $  18     
 
     Income taxes paid    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:    

Assets acquired through capital lease obligations    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Change in unrealized gain (loss) on investments    
     $  -       
     $  -     

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6   

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS  

1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Nature of Business  

LookSmart Group, Inc.
( LookSmart  or the  Company ) is a digital advertising solutions company that provides relevant solutions
for search and display advertising customers. LookSmart operates in a large online advertising ecosystem serving ads that target
user queries on partner sites. 

LookSmart offers search
advertising customers targeted search via a monitored search advertising distribution network using the Company s  AdCenter 
platform technology. The Company s search advertising network includes publishers and search advertising customers, including
intermediaries and direct advertising customers and their agencies as well as self-service customers in the United States and certain
other countries. 

LookSmart also offers
advertisers the ability to buy graphical display advertising. LookSmart s trading desk personnel utilize DSP technology and
licensed data from third party providers to buy targeted advertising on a real-time bidded basis. By leveraging our extensive historical
search marketing network data along with performance data from a conversion pixel, LookSmart constructs models of the highest performing
audiences, and targets them via exchange inventory. LookSmart offers its trading desk as a managed service. 

In addition, Looksmart,
under its  Clickable  and  Syncapse  brands, allows customers to manage paid, owned and earned media by
providing a suite of solutions for social media marketers that include publishing, monitoring, data storage, compliance, management,
ad placement and analytics. 

Further, LookSmart offers
publishers licensed private-label search advertiser network solutions based on its AdCenter platform technology ( Publisher
Solutions ). Publisher Solutions consist of hosted auction-based ad serving with an ad backfill capability that allows publishers
and portals to manage their advertiser relationships, distribution channels and accounts. 

Lastly, in the fourth
quarter of 2013 the Company began to make available a LookSmart-branded search engine.  For parties submitting search queries,
the Company offers free-of-charge search results ranked and presented based on proprietary algorithms.   While
early in its evolution, part of the Company's current search engine monetization strategy is to generate sponsored search
results as a part of overall search results and provide links to paying advertisers  websites. 

In September 2013, LookSmart
purchased the Syncapse Technology Assets for $3 million from MNP Ltd., a Receiver appointed by Ontario Superior Court of Justice
under the Appointment Order. Upon the completion of this transaction, the Company acquired a social media platform that allows
enterprise customers the ability to publish, monitor and analyze their social media presence on paid, owned and earned media. The
Company has begun to work with large international brands to assist them in creating, maintaining and analyzing their social media
presence online. As a result of the Syncapse asset purchase, the Company is expanding its offerings to our current customer base.
Our expanded offering allows LookSmart s traditional customers the ability to manage ad spend in both search and social platforms.
The Company intends to partner with social media companies such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube, as well as others,
to offer customers the ability to maximize their ad spend in all relevant ad categories. 

In November
of 2013, LookSmart acquired an approximately 10,000 square foot Data Center facility in Phoenix, Arizona. The Company had acquired
the facility intending to use the Data Center to support its technology platforms. At present the Company does not need the Data
Center for its core businesses and is evaluating other uses for the property. The Company may sell the property if that can occur
on terms acceptable to management. 

7   

In addition, LookSmart
offers publishers licensed private-label search advertiser network solutions based on its AdCenter platform technology ( Publisher
Solutions ). Publisher Solutions consist of hosted auction-based ad serving with an ad backfill capability that allows publishers
and portals to manage their advertiser relationships, distribution channels and accounts. 

On June 3, 2015, LookSmart
Group, Inc. ( LookSmart  or the  Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada. LookSmart Group, Inc.
was set-up to effect the spun-off from its predecessor, LookSmart Limited ( Predecessor ), as a result of a reverse
merger and spin-off transaction (the  Transaction ) with Pyxis Tankers( Pyxis ). 

The Predecessor completed
the Transaction on October 28, 2015. For year to year comparisons, when we refer to the year 2015, we are referring to the Predecessor. 

Prior to the execution
of the Merger Agreement, the Predecessor transferred all of its businesses, assets and liabilities to the Company in anticipation
of the Spin-Off of Company from the Predecessor. The Company has assumed all liabilities of the Predecessor, and the liabilities
of the Predecessor s former subsidiaries. Upon completion of the Spin-Off, all of the Predecessor s shares of the common
stock were cancelled and the Company is 100% owned by the Predecessor s stockholders of record as of the record date set
for said distribution. As a result of the Spin-off, each share of the Predecessor received one share of LookSmart Group common
stock. Following the merger, LookSmart Group had a total of 5,768,851 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. The Company s
stock is traded in the OTCMarkets Pinksheets. 

On April 5,
2016 the Company completed the acquisition of the assets of Talkwheel.com, Inc. ( Talkwheel ) into the Company s
subsidiary Clickable, Inc. ( Clickable ). Talkwheel had established a community analytics platform of web activity
to unify and analyze a brand s social media through a visually interactive community platform. During the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company determined that Talkwheel had breached materially representations and warranties in the Asset Purchase
Agreement dated February 11, 2016 (the  Purchase Agreement ) governing the purchase of Talkwheel s assets. As
a result Clickable terminated the Purchase Agreement and rescinded the transaction. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. 

Unaudited Interim Financial Information  

The accompanying Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements as of September 30, 2016, and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, reflect
all adjustments that are normal and recurring in nature and, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair representation
of the Company s financial position as of September 30, 2016 and the results of operations for the periods shown. These Unaudited
Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and
Notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. The Consolidated
Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited financial statements at that date, but does not include
all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP )
for complete financial statements. The results of operations for the interim period ended September 30, 2016 is not necessarily
indicative of results to be expected for the full year. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions  

The Unaudited Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ).
This requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenue,
expenses, and contingent assets and liabilities during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on various factors
and information which may include, but are not limited to, history and prior experience, experience of other enterprises in the
same industry, new related events, and current economic conditions and information from third party professionals that is believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In management s
opinion, all adjustments necessary for a fair statement are reflected in the interim periods presented. 

8   

Investments   

The Company invests its
excess cash primarily in debt instruments of high-quality corporate and government issuers. All highly liquid instruments with
maturities at the date of purchase greater than ninety days are considered investments. All instruments with maturities greater
than one year from the balance sheet date are considered long-term investments unless management intends to liquidate such securities
in the current operating cycle. Such securities are classified as short-term investments. These securities are classified as available-for-sale
and carried at fair value. 

Changes in the value of
these investments are primarily related to changes in interest rates and are considered to be temporary in nature. Except for declines
in fair value that are not considered temporary, net unrealized gains or losses on these investments are reported in the Unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The Company recognizes realized gains and losses upon sale of investments using
the specific identification method. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

The Company s estimate
of fair value for assets and liabilities is based on a framework that establishes a hierarchy of the inputs used in valuation and
gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and requires that observable inputs be used in the valuations when
available. The disclosure of fair value estimates is based on whether the significant inputs into the valuation are observable.
In determining the level of the hierarchy in which the estimate is disclosed, the highest priority is given to unadjusted quoted
prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs that reflect our significant market assumptions. The three
levels of the hierarchy are as follows: 

Level 1:    Unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets
that we have the ability to access. 

Level 2:    Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for
identical or similar assets in inactive markets; or valuations based on models where the significant inputs are observable (e.g.,
interest rates, yield curves, default rates, etc.) or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level 3:    Valuations based on models where significant inputs are not observable. The unobservable
inputs reflect our assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use. 

Revenue Recognition  

Our online search advertising
revenue is composed of per-click fees that we charge customers and profit sharing arrangements we enter with Intermediaries. The
per-click fee charged for keyword-targeted listings is calculated based on the results of online bidding for keywords or page content,
up to a maximum cost per keyword or page content set by the customer. The Company has profit-sharing agreements with several customers
that call for the sharing of profits and losses. Profit sharing arrangements are governed by contractual agreements. Revenue from
these profit-sharing agreements is reported net of the customer s share of profit. 

Revenue also includes revenue share from licensing
of private-labeled versions of our AdCenter Platform. 

Revenues associated with
online advertising products, including Advertiser Networks, are generally recognized once collectability is established, delivery
of services has occurred, all performance obligations have been satisfied, and no refund obligations exist. We pay distribution
network partners based on clicks on the advertiser s ad that are displayed on the websites of these distribution network
partners. These payments are called Traffic Acquisition Costs ( TAC ) and are included in cost of revenue. The revenue
derived from these arrangements that involve traffic supplied by distribution network partners is reported gross of the payment
to the distribution network partners. This revenue is reported gross due to the fact that we are the primary obligors to the advertisers
who are the customers of the advertising service. 

We also enter into agreements
to provide private-labeled versions of our products, including licenses to the AdCenter platform technology. These license arrangements
may include some or all of the following elements: revenue-sharing based on the publisher s customer s monthly revenue
generated through the AdCenter application; upfront fees; minimum monthly fees; and other license fees. We recognize upfront fees
over the term of the arrangement or the expected period of performance, other license fees over the term of the license, and revenue-sharing
portions over the period in which such revenue is earned. In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed or determinable,
persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed, and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably
assured. 

9   

We provide a provision
against revenue for estimated reductions resulting from billing adjustments and customer refunds. The amounts of these provisions
are evaluated periodically based upon customer experience and historical trends. The revenue allowance included in trade receivables,
net is insignificant at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Deferred revenue is recorded
when payments are received in advance of performance in underlying agreements. Customer deposits are recorded when customers make
prepayments for online advertising. 

The Company evaluates
individual arrangements with customers to make a determination under Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 605-45  Revenue Recognition . We test and record revenue accordingly. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts  

The Company maintains
an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from customers failing to make required payments. This valuation
allowance is reviewed on a periodic basis. The review is based on factors including the application of historical collection rates
to current receivables and economic conditions. Additional allowances for doubtful accounts are considered and recorded if there
is deterioration in past due balances, if economic conditions are less favorable than the Company anticipated or for customer-specific
circumstances, such as bankruptcy. The allowance for doubtful accounts included in trade accounts receivable, net is $0.8 million
at both September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Bad debt expense included in general and administrative expense was insignificant
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Concentrations, Credit Risk and Credit Risk Evaluation  

Concentration of Credit Risk   

Financial instruments
that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, investments, and accounts
receivable. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company placed its cash equivalents and investments primarily through
one financial institution, City National Bank ( CNB ), and mitigated the concentration of credit risk by placing percentage
limits on the maximum portion of the investment portfolio which may be invested in any one investment instrument. The Company has
not experienced any credit losses on these cash equivalents and investment accounts and does not believe it is exposed to any significant
credit risk on these funds. The fair value of these accounts is subject to fluctuation based on market prices. 

Credit Risk, Customer and Vendor Evaluation  

Accounts receivable are
typically unsecured and are derived from sales to customers. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and
maintains allowances for estimated credit losses. The Company applies judgment as to its ability to collect outstanding receivables
based primarily on management s evaluation of the customer s financial condition and past collection history and records
a specific allowance. In addition, the Company records an allowance based on the length of time the receivables are past due. Historically,
such losses have been within management s expectations. 

The following table reflects customers that
accounted for more than 10% of net accounts receivable: 

** Less than 10% 

10   

Revenue and Cost Concentrations  

The following table reflects
the concentration of revenue by geographic locations that accounted for more than 10% of net revenue: 

** Less than 10% 

LookSmart derives its
revenue from two service offerings, or  products : Advertiser Networks and Publisher Solutions. The percentage distributions
between the two service offerings are as follows: 

For the three months ending
September 30, 2016, xx customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenue. 

** Less than 10% 

The Company derives its
revenue primarily from its relationships with significant distribution network partners. The following table reflects the distribution
partners that accounted for more than 10% of total TAC: 

** Less than 10% 

11   

Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment
are stated at cost, except when an impairment analysis requires the use of fair value, and depreciated using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows: 

Computer equipment  

3 to 4 years   
 
      Furniture and fixtures  

5 to 7 years   
 
      Software  

2 to 3 years   
 
      Building Improvements  

10 years   
 
      Building  

39 years   

Leasehold improvements
are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the lease term. 

When assets are retired
or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from their respective accounts, and
any gain or loss on such sale or disposal is reflected in operating expenses. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as
incurred. Expenditures that substantially increase an asset s useful life are capitalized. 

In the fourth quarter
of 2013, the Company acquired a 10,000 square foot data center facility in Phoenix, Arizona. This facility has allowed the Company
to consolidate its data needs in a company-owned data center, and should allow for the expansion of its cloud-based offerings to
its customers. 

Internal-Use Software Development Costs  

The Company capitalizes
external direct costs of materials and services consumed in developing and obtaining internal-use computer software and the payroll
and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with and who devote time to developing the internal-use computer
software. These costs are capitalized after certain milestones have been achieved and generally amortized over a three-year period
once the project is placed in service. 

Management exercises judgment
in determining when costs related to a project may be capitalized, in assessing the ongoing value of the capitalized costs, and
in determining the amortization period for the capitalized costs, which is generally three years. The Company expects to continue
to invest in internally developed software and to capitalize such costs in the future, although no such costs were capitalized
in the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  

The Company reviews long-lived
assets held or used in operations, including property and equipment and internally developed software, for impairment in accordance
with ASC 360-10   Impairment and Disposal of Long-Lived Assets  . 

The Company reviews assets
for evidence of impairment annually at year-end and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying values may
not be recoverable. The impairment review requires the Company to make significant estimates about its future performance and cash
flows, as well as other assumptions. These estimates can be affected by numerous factors, including changes in economic, industry
or market conditions, changes in business operations and changes in competition. 

12   

Traffic Acquisition Costs   

The Company enters into
agreements of varying durations with its distribution network partners that display the Company s listings ads on their sites
in return for a percentage of the revenue-per-click that the Company receives when the ads are clicked on those partners 
sites. 

The Company also enters
into agreements of varying durations with third party affiliates. These affiliate agreements provide for variable payments based
on a percentage of the Company s revenue or based on a certain metric, such as number of searches or paid clicks. 

TAC expense is recorded in cost of revenue. 

Share-Based Compensation  

The Company recognizes
share-based compensation costs for all share-based payment transactions with employees, including grants of employee stock options,
restricted stock awards, and employee stock purchases related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, over the requisite service period
based on their relative fair values. We estimate the fair value of each option award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option valuation model. Our assumptions about stock-price volatility are based on the actual volatility of our publicly traded
stock. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
in effect at the time of the grant. We estimate the expected term based upon the historical exercise activity. The value of the
portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense in the Company s Consolidated Statements
of Operations over the requisite service periods. In the first quarter of 2015, all remaining outstanding share options were surrendered,
therefore there was no share-based compensation expense in the three or Nine Months ended September 30, 2016. Share-based compensation
expense, related to stock option grants and employee stock purchases, recognized were zero for the three months ended September
30, 2016, and were not significant for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Forfeitures are estimated
at the time of grant in order to estimate the amount of share-based awards that will ultimately vest. The forfeiture rate is determined
at the end of each fiscal quarter, based on historical rates. 

The Company elected to
adopt the alternative transition method for calculating the tax effects of share-based compensation to establish the beginning
balance of the additional paid-in capital pool ( APIC pool ) related to the tax effects of employee share-based compensation,
and to determine the subsequent impact on the APIC pool and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows of the tax effects of employee
share-based compensation awards. 

Advertising Costs  

Advertising costs are charged to sales and marketing expenses as
incurred and were insignificant and $0.01 in the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016. Advertising costs were insignificant
and $0.01 in the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2015, respectively 

Product Development
Costs  

Research of new product ideas and enhancements
to existing products are charged to expense as incurred. 

Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for
income taxes using the liability method. Under the liability method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on
the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amounts expected to be realized. The Company records liabilities, where appropriate, for all uncertain income tax
positions. The Company recognizes potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within operations
as income tax expense. 

Comprehensive Loss  

Other comprehensive loss
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, consists of unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities categorized as
available-for-sale and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

13   

Net Loss per Common Share  

Basic net loss per share
is calculated using the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, excluding treasury stock. Diluted net loss per share
is calculated using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive common shares outstanding, excluding treasury
stock, during the period, using the treasury stock method for stock options. As a result of the Company s net loss position
at both September 30, 2016 and 2015, there is no dilution. 

Segment Information  

The Company has one operating
segment, online advertising. While the Company operates under one operating segment, management reviews revenue under two product
offerings Advertiser Networks and Publisher Solutions. 

As of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015, the Company s accounts receivable and deferred revenue are primarily related to the online advertising
segment. All long-lived assets are located in the United States and Canada. 

Adoption of New Accounting Standards  

On January 2, 2014 we
adopted guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), ASU 2013-04,   Liabilities  
Obligations Resulting from Joint and Several Liability Arrangements for Which the Total Amount of the Obligation is Fixed at the
Reporting Date  , an amendment providing guidance for the recognition, measurement, and disclosure of obligations resulting
from joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. Adoption
of this new guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

On January 2, 2015, we
adopted the guidance issued by the FASB, ASU 2015-08,   Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property,
Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360):   Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an
Entity.   ASU 2015-08 raised the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures
of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. Adoption
of this new guidance had no impact on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

In May 2014, the FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-09 ( ASU 2015-09 )   Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 
ASU 2015-09 supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in  Revenue Recognition (Topic 605) , and requires entities
to recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2015-09 is effective for annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is not permitted.
We are currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-09 on our consolidated financial statements. 

2. Merger/Spin-off
Reorganization Transaction  

The Transaction  

On
April 23, 2015, LookSmart, Ltd. (the  Predecessor ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger
Agreement ) by and among the Company; LookSmart Group, (the  Company ) a wholly owned subsidiary of the Predecesssor
; Pyxis Tankers Inc. ( Pyxis ); and a wholly owned subsidiary of Pyxis ( Merger Sub ). If the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, which are subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company at a special meeting (the
 Meeting ) of the Company, are completed: 

The Company will further amend its Amended Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock
split (the  Reverse Split ) of its issued and outstanding common stock by a ratio of not less than one-for-two and
not more than one-for-ten, with the exact ratio to be determined by the Predecessor s board of directors in its sole discretion;   

All of the business, assets and liabilities of the Predecessor will have been transferred to Company,
and holders of record of the Predecessor s common stock will receive a pro rata distribution of one share of Company s
common stock for each share of the Predecessor s common stock held as of the record date set for said distribution (the  Spin-Off );   

The Predecessor will merge with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving the merger and being
a wholly owned subsidiary of Pyxis (the  Merger ); and   

14   

Each share of the Predecessor s common stock held by holders of record at the close of business
on the date of the closing of the Merger will be cancelled and exchanged for the right to receive the number of share(s) of Pyxis
common stock equal to $4,000,000 divided by a denominator equal to (i) the final closing price of a share of the Predecessor s
common stock (post-Reverse Split) on the date of the closing of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) the number of issued and outstanding
shares of the Predecessor s common stock (post-Reverse Split) as of the date that the Merger becomes effective.   

In addition, the Predecessor
and Pyxis have each agreed to take such actions as are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the Merger and have made certain
other customary covenants in the Merger Agreement. Among other things, the Predecessor has agreed to the preparation and filing
by Pyxis of a registration statement on Form F-4 in connection with the registration of the Pyxis  common stock to be issued
as result of the Merger, which registration statement will contain a joint proxy statement/prospectus to be sent to the stockholders
of the Predecessor. 

The joint proxy statement/prospectus
for the shareholder vote on the Merger has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ), and
the Staff of the SEC has returned comments thereon to the Predecessor and Pyxis, which are preparing responses to these comments.
A special meeting of the Predecessor s shareholders to vote on the Merger transactions was held on October 26 th ,
2015. 

As
a result of the Merger, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Pyxis is expected to become a public company.
Pyxis intends to apply to have its common stock listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market or the NYSE MKT under the symbol  PXS.  

For additional information
regarding Pyxis and the Merger transaction, see the Predecessor s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2015. 

Pyxis
Tankers Inc.   

Pyxis Tankers Inc. is
a newly formed international maritime transportation company with a focus on the tanker sector. At the consummation of the Merger
with the Predecessor, Pyxis  fleet will be comprised of six double hull product tankers with an average current age of four
years and that are employed under a mix of short- and medium-term time charters and spot charters. Pyxis will acquire these six
vessels prior to the Merger from an affiliate of its founder and chief executive officer, Mr. Valentis ( Eddie ) Valentis.
Four of the vessels in the fleet will be medium-range, or MR, product tankers, three of which have eco-efficient or eco-modified
designs and two will be short-range tanker sister ships. Each of the vessels in the fleet is capable of transporting refined petroleum
products, such as naphtha, gasoline, jet fuel, kerosene, diesel and fuel oil, as well as other liquid bulk items, such as vegetable
oils and organic chemicals. 

Spin-Off  

Prior
to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Predecessor transferred all of its businesses, assets and liabilities to the Company
in anticipation of the Spin-Off of Company from the Predecessor. The Company has assumed all liabilities of the Predecessor, and
the liabilities of the Predecessor s former subsidiaries, and has agreed to indemnify Pyxis for losses relating to all of
the liabilities of the Predecessor and its former subsidiaries. 

Upon
completion of the Spin-Off, all of the Predecessor s shares of the common stock shall be cancelled and Company shall be 100%
owned by the Predecessor s stockholders of record as of the record date set for said distribution. 

The Make Whole
Record Date  

In
the event that subsequent to the Merger, Pyxis completes a financing which results in gross proceeds to Pyxis of at least $5,000,000
(a   Future Pyxis Offering  ) at a valuation lower than the valuation ascribed to the shares of common stock received
by the Predecessor s stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement (the   Consideration Value  ), Pyxis
will be obligated to make  whole  the Predecessor s stockholders as of April 29, 2015 (the   Make Whole
Record Date  ) by offering the Predecessor s stockholders the right to receive additional shares of Pyxis common
stock to compensate the Predecessor s stockholders for the difference in value of their Pyxis common stock. 

In
addition, should Pyxis fail to complete a Future Pyxis Offering within a date which is 3 years from the date of the closing of
the Merger, each holder of the Predecessor s common stock who has held such stock continuously from the date of the Make
Whole Record Date until the expiration of such 3 year period (the   Legacy LS Stockholders  ) will have a 24-hour
option beginning at the end of the 3 year period to require Pyxis to purchase from such Legacy LS Stockholders a pro rata amount
of Pyxis common stock that would result in aggregate gross proceeds to the Legacy LS Stockholders in an amount not to exceed $2,000,000;
provided that in no event shall a Legacy LS Stockholder receive an amount per share greater than the Consideration Value. 

15   

Voting Agreement  

In
connection with their entry into the Merger Agreement, the Predecessor, Pyxis and Michael Onghai, entered into a voting agreement,
which is referred to herein as the   Voting Agreement .  The Voting Agreement generally requires that Mr. Onghai,
in his capacity as a stockholder of the Predecessor, vote all of his shares of the Predecessor s common stock in favor of
the reverse split proposal, the spin-off proposal and the merger proposal, unless doing so would violate his fiduciary duties as
an executive officer and member of the board of directors of the Company. Mr. Onghai beneficially holds 3,123,047 shares of the
Predecessor s common stock, representing approximately 54.1% of the outstanding shares of the Predecssor s common stock
over which he possesses voting rights and are therefore subject to the Voting Agreement. 

Closing  

The Predecessor completed
the Transaction with Pyxis on October 28 th  2015. 

Prior
to the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Predecessor transferred all of its businesses, assets and liabilities to the Company
in anticipation of the Spin-Off of Company from the Predecessor. The Company has assumed all liabilities of the Predecessor, and
the liabilities of the Predecessor s former subsidiaries. Upon completion of the Spin-Off, all of the Predecessor s
shares of the common stock shall be cancelled and Company shall be 100% owned by the Predecessor s stockholders of record
as of the record date set for said distribution. As a result of the Spin-off, each share of the Predecessor received one share
of LookSmart Group common stock. Following the merger, LookSmart Group had a total of 5,768,851 shares of common stock issued and
outstanding. The Company is in the process of applying to be traded in the OTC Markets or the Pinksheets. 

In
addition, in connection with the reverse merger with Pyxis, the Predecessor consummated a 1 to .1512 reverse split, thereby reducing
the number of its shares outstanding from 5,768,851 to 872,036. Each post-split share of the Predecessor was cancelled and exchanged
for the right to receive 1.0667 shares of Pyxis common stock. Following the reverse merger, Pyxis had a total of 18,244,671 shares
(giving effect to rounding up on fractional shares) of common stock issued and outstanding. 

3. Cash and Available for Sale Securities  

The following table summarizes the Company s
cash and available-for-sale securities  amortized cost and estimated fair value by significant investment category as of
September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands ): 

Amortized Cost and Estimated Fair  Value     

September 30,       
     December 31,     

2016       
     2015     
 
     Cash and cash equivalents:    

Cash    
     $  268       
     $  207     
 
     Cash equivalents    

Money market mutual funds    
        -       
        -     
 
     Commercial paper    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total cash equivalents    
        -       

Total cash and cash equivalents    
        268       
        207     
 
     Short-term investments:    

Corporate bonds    
        -       
        -     
 
     Certificates of deposit    
        36       
        -     
 
     Commercial paper    
                
        29     
 
     Other commodities    
                
        7     
 
     Collateralized debt obligations    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total short-term investments    
        36       
        36     
 
     Long-term investments:    

Certificates of deposit    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total long-term investments    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total cash, and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments    
     $  304       
     $  243     

16   

The contractual maturities
of cash equivalents and short-term investments at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, were less than one year. There were
no long-term investments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The Company typically invests in highly rated securities and its
policy generally limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary
impairment, the Company reviews such factors as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the
financial condition of the issuer, and the Company s intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not it will be required
to sell the investment before recovery of the investment s amortized cost basis. During the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not recognize any impairment charges on outstanding investments. As of September 30, 2016, the
Company does not consider any of its investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired. 

4. Property and Equipment  

Property and equipment consist of the following
at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands ): 

Depreciation expense on property and equipment
for the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, including property and equipment under capital lease at September 30, 2016,
was $0.3 million and $0.5 million respectively, and is recorded in operating expenses. Depreciation expense on property and equipment
for the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2015, including property and equipment under capital lease at September 30, 2015,
was $0.3 million and $0.6 million respectively, and is recorded in operating expenses. 
 Equipment under capital lease at September 30, 2016 totaled $0 million. Equipment under capital lease at September 30, 2015
totaled $0.1 million. 

In November of 2013, LookSmart
acquired an approximately 10,000 square foot Data Center facility in Phoenix, Arizona. The Company had acquired the facility intending
to use the Data Center to support its technology platforms. At present the Company does not need the Data Center for its core businesses
and is evaluating other uses for the property. The Company may sell the property if that can occur on terms acceptable to management. 

17   

5. Other Assets  

The Company s other
assets are as follows at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands ): 

6. Accrued Liabilities  

Accrued liabilities consisted
of the following as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands):  

7. Restructuring Charges  

In August 2012, the Company
entered into an agreement to sublease its office space in San Francisco under terms generally equivalent to its existing commitment.
This lease ended on December 31,   2014, at which time the company no longer had any obligations under the terms of this
lease. 

8. Capital Lease and Other Obligations  

Capital lease and other obligations consist
of the following at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands):  

18   

Refer to Note 8 for future minimum payment
details. 

Other Obligations   

From December 2014 to March 2015, Snowy August
Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate amount of $0.6 million. The Company incorrectly stated the
amount of the funds advanced as $0.75 million in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, but does
not consider such misstatement material. The Company s Chief Executive Officer, Michael Onghai is the manager of Snowy August
Management LLC. The Company intends to repay in full such funds to Snowy August Management LLC. 

From April 2015 to June 2015, Snowy August
Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate amount of $0.1 million. 

On June 5, 2015, LookSmart Group obtained a
12 month loan from Inca Capital in the amount of $0.6 million collateralized by our data center facility in Phoenix, Arizona. The
interest-only loan carries an interest rate of 10.5%. The loan s maturity date is May 30, 2016. This loan was extended for
6 months on June 1, 2016. 

From July 2015 to September 2015, Snowy August
Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate of $0.25 million 

From September 2015 to December 2015, Snowy
August Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate of $0.95 million 

From January 2016 to March 2016, Snowy August
Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate of $0.2 million. 

From March 2016 to June 2016, Snowy August
Management LLC advanced certain funds to the Company in the aggregate of $0.23 million 

9. Commitments and Contingencies  

As of September 30, 2016, future minimum net
payments under all operating leases are as follows ( in thousands ): 

Operating Leases  

The Company entered into
a 30-month operating lease agreement for various network operating equipment beginning in the fourth quarter of 2013. 

19   

Rent expense under all
operating leases was not significant for each of the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Letters of Credit   

The company had an outstanding
standby letter of credit issued by City National Bank (CNB) of approximately $0.1 million at December 30, 2014, related to security
of the subleased corporate office lease and secured by a money market account held at CNB. In February 2015, the Company cancelled
this letter of credit upon release by the Lessor. 

Guarantees and Indemnities  

During its normal course
of business, the Company has made certain guarantees, indemnities and commitments under which it may be required to make payments
in relation to certain transactions. These indemnities include intellectual property and other indemnities to the Company s
customers and distribution network partners in connection with the sales of its products, and indemnities to various lessors in
connection with facility leases for certain claims arising from such facility or lease. 

Officer and Director Indemnification  

The Company has agreements
whereby it indemnifies its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is, or was, serving,
at the Company s request, in such capacity, to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. The
maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited.
However, the Company maintains directors and officers insurance coverage that may contribute, up to certain limits, a portion of
any future amounts paid, for indemnification of directors and officers. The Company believes the estimated fair value of these
indemnification agreements in excess of applicable insurance coverage is minimal. Historically, the Company has not incurred any
losses or recorded any liabilities related to performance under these types of indemnities. 

Legal Proceedings  

The Company is otherwise
involved, from time to time, in various other legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. Although
the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect resolution of these matters
to have a material adverse impact on its consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position unless stated otherwise.
However, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could, depending on its amount and timing, materially affect its results of operations,
cash flows or financial position in a future period. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company
because of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

10. Stockholders  Equity  

Share-Based Compensation   

Stock Option Plans  

In December 1997, the
Company approved the 1998 Stock Option Plan (the  1998 Plan ). In June 2007, the stockholders approved the LookSmart
2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the  2007 Plan ). Under the 2007 Plan, the Company may grant incentive stock options, nonqualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights and stock rights to employees, directors and consultants. Share-based incentive awards
are provided under the terms of these two plans (collectively, the  Plans ). 

The Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors administers the Company s Plans. Awards under the Plans principally include at-the-money options
and fully vested restricted stock. Outstanding stock options generally become exercisable over a four-year period from the grant
date and have a term of seven years. Grants can only be made under the 2007 Plan. The 1998 Plan is closed to further share issuance
and all options have expired or been forfeited as of March 31, 2015. The number of shares issued or reserved for issuance under
the 2007 Plan was 1.2 million and 1.4 million shares of common stock as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

20   

Share-based compensation
expense recorded during three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 was included in the Company s Unaudited Consolidated
Statements of Operations as follows  (in thousands) : 

Three Months Ended  September 30,     

2016       
     2015     
 
     Sales and marketing    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Product development and technical operations    
        -       
        -     
 
     General and administrative    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total share-based compensation expense    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Nine Months Ended  September 30     

2016       
     2015     
 
     Sales and marketing    
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Product development and technical operations    
        -       
        -     
 
     General and administrative    
        -       
        -     
 
     Total share-based compensation expense    
     $  -       
     $  -     

Total unrecognized share-based
compensation expense related to share-based compensation arrangements at September 30, 2016 was zero. The total fair value of equity
awards vested during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was zero. The total fair value of equity awards vested during the
three months ended March 31, 2015, was zero. 

Option Awards  

Stock option activity under the Plans during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

21   

The aggregate intrinsic
values in the table above represent the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the market price of the Company s
stock on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options) that would
have been received by the option holder had all option holders exercised their options at quarter-end. The intrinsic value amount
changes with changes in the fair market value of the Company s stock. 

In the first quarter of
2015, all remaining outstanding share options were surrendered. There are no stock options outstanding as of September 30, 2016. 

Stock Awards  

The Company did not issue restricted stock
during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan  

On July 14, 2009,
the 2009 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the  ESPP ) was approved by the shareholders and authorized to issue up to 500 thousand
shares of Common Stock to employees. Substantially all employees may purchase the Company s common stock through payroll
deductions at 85 percent of the lower of the fair market value at the beginning or end of the offering period. Each offering and
purchase period is Nine Months. ESPP contributions are limited to a maximum of 15% of an employee s eligible compensation,
and ESPP participants are limited to purchasing a maximum of 5,000 shares per purchase period. On February 15, 2013, the ESPP was
suspended pending a review by the Company s Board of Directors of all equity incentive arrangements. Share-based compensation
expense for the ESPP was zero in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and insignificant in the three months ended March 31,
2015. As of September 30, 2016, 28 thousand shares (adjusted for the 3:1 reverse split in November 2013) have been issued
under the 2009 Plan. In the first quarter of 2015, all remaining outstanding share options were surrendered, 

Share-Based Compensation Valuation Assumptions  

We estimate the fair value
of each option award on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. Our assumptions about stock-price volatility
are based on the actual volatility of our publically traded stock. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual
life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. We estimate the expected term based
upon the historical exercise activity. 

No options were granted
in the first Nine Months of 2016 or 2015, therefore no weighted average assumptions are included here. 

Share-based compensation
expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is based on awards ultimately expected to vest and has been reduced
for estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates. 

Exercise of Employee and Director Stock Options and Purchase
Plans  

There were no options
exercised in the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company issues new shares of common stock upon exercise
of stock options. No income tax benefits have been realized from exercised stock options. 

Repurchase of Equity Securities by the Company  

There were no shares repurchased
during the three months ended September 30, 2016. Approximately 98,000 shares were purchased at an average price of $1.78 per share
under the program in the year ended December 31, 2014, and recorded as Treasury Stock at cost totaling approximately $0.17 million. 

22   

Additional Paid-in Capital  

Paid-in Capital increased
by $0.6 million. This increase is due to the $0.6 million the Predecessor received from privately-held Pyxis Tankers Inc. ( Pyxis )
associated with the announcement in April 2015 that LookSmart, Ltd. (the  Predecessor ) and privately-held Pyxis Tankers
Inc. ( Pyxis ) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the  Merger Agreement ), whereby Pyxis will become
a publicly listed company as a result of the merger between LookSmart, Ltd. ( Predecessor ) and into Pyxis' wholly-owned
subsidiary, Maritime Technologies Corp., a Delaware corporation. On the effective date of the merger, in addition, LookSmart will
spin off its existing business into a new entity called LookSmart Group, Inc. ( LookSmart  or  Company ). 

11. Fair Value Measurements  

Fair Value of Financial Assets  

The Company s financial
assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis subject to disclosure requirements at September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015
were as follows ( in thousands ):    

Balance at   September 30,  2016       
     Quoted Prices in  Active Markets for  Identical Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant  Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant  Unobserved  Inputs  (Level 3)     
 
     Cash equivalents:    

Money market mutual funds    
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Total cash equivalents    
        -       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Short-term investments:    

Certificates of deposit    
        36       
        -       
        36       
        -     
 
     Other commodities    
        0       
        -       
        -       
        -     
 
     Total short-term investments    
        36       
        -       
        36       
        -     
 
     Total financial assets measured at fair value    
     $  36       
     $  -       
     $  36       
     $  -     

Balance at   December 31, 
2015       
     Quoted Prices  in
    Active 
Markets for 
Identical  Assets  (Level 1)       
     Significant 
Other  Observable  Inputs  (Level 2)       
     Significant  Unobserved  Inputs  (Level 3)     
 
     Cash equivalents:    
        -       

Money market mutual funds    
     $  -       
     $  1       
     $  -       
     $  -     
 
     Total cash equivalents    
        -       
        1       
        -       
        -     
 
     Short-term investments:    

Certificates of deposit    
        29       
        -       
        29       
        -     
 
     Other Commodities    
        7       
        -       
        7       
        -     
 
     Total short-term investments    
        36       
        -       
        36       
        -     
 
     Total financial assets measured at fair value    
     $  36       
     $  1       
     $  36       
     $  -     

23   

The Company held no Level 3 investments at
September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015. 

Investments  

For investments that have
quoted market prices in active markets, the Company uses the quoted market prices as fair value and includes these prices in the
amounts disclosed in Level 1 of the hierarchy. The Company receives the quoted market prices from a third party, nationally recognized
pricing service ( pricing service ). When quoted market prices are unavailable, the Company utilizes a pricing service
to determine a single estimate of fair value, which is mainly for its fixed maturity investments. The fair value estimates provided
from this pricing service are included in the amount disclosed in Level 2 of the hierarchy. The Company bases all of its estimates
of fair value for assets on the bid price as it represents what a third party market participant would be willing to pay in an
arm s length transaction. 

The Company validates
the prices received from the pricing service using various methods including, applicability of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
or other national government insurance or guarantees, comparison of proceeds received on individual investments subsequent to reporting
date, prices received from publicly available sources, and review of transaction volume data to confirm the presence of active
markets. The Company does not adjust the prices received from the pricing service unless such prices are determined to be inconsistent.
At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company did not adjust prices received from the pricing service. 

Trade accounts receivable,
net:  The carrying value reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximates fair value and is net of allowances for doubtful
accounts and returns which estimate customer non-performance risk. 

Trade accounts payable
and accrued liabilities:  The carrying value reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for these items approximates their
fair value, which is the likely amount that the liability with short settlement periods would be transferred to a market participant
with a similar credit standing as the Company. 

ITEM 2.      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS  

Forward-Looking Statements  

The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to those statements, which appear
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
use words such as  believes,   intends,   expects,   anticipates,   plans, 
 may,   will  and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Discussions containing forward-looking
statements may be found in the material set forth under  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations  and in other sections of this report. All forward-looking statements, including, but not limited
to, projections, expectations or estimates concerning our business, including demand for our products and services, mix of revenue
sources, ability to control and/or reduce operating expenses, anticipated gross margins and operating results, cost savings, product
development efforts, general outlook of our business and industry, future profits or losses, competitive position, share-based
compensation, adequate liquidity to fund our operations and meet our other cash requirements, are inherently uncertain as they
are based on our expectations and assumptions concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous
known and unknown risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Our actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons, including but not limited
to, the possibility that we may fail to maintain or grow our listings advertiser base and/or distribution network, that existing
and potential distribution partners may opt to work with, or favor the products of, competitors if our competitors offer more favorable
products or pricing terms, that we may be unable to grow our online search advertising revenue and/or find alternative sources
of revenue, that we may be unable to attain or maintain customer acceptance of our publisher solutions products, that changes in
the distribution network composition may lead to decreases in query volumes, that we may be unable to maintain or improve our query
volume, match rate, number of paid clicks, average revenue per click, conversion rate or other ad network metrics, that we may
be unable to achieve or maintain profitability, that we may be unable to retain our existing credit facilities or obtain new credit
facilities, that we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel, that we may have unexpected increases in costs and expenses,
that we may be unable to remain listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market, or that one or more of the other risks described elsewhere in
this report may occur.   

All forward-looking statements
in this report are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and except as required
by applicable law; we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

24   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

The discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
related disclosure of assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our critical accounting policies and estimates.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our critical
accounting policies and estimates are discussed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. As of September
30, 2016, there had been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates. 

Business Overview  

For a description of our
business, please refer to Note 1. 

Results of Operations  

Overview of the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2016 and 2015   

The following tables set
forth selected information concerning our results of operations as a percentage of consolidated net revenue for the periods indicated
( in thousands ): 

25   

Revenue   

Revenue is derived from
two service offerings or  products  of LookSmart Group (the  Company ): Advertiser Networks and Publisher
Solutions. Total revenue and revenue from Advertiser Networks and Publisher Solutions for the three and Nine Months ended September
30, 2016, and 2015, was as follows ( in thousands ): 

26   

Advertiser Networks   

The decrease in Advertiser
Networks revenue for the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015 is the result of
a reduction in revenues from all categories: Intermediaries, Direct Advertisers and Self Service Advertisers. We experienced a
continuing decrease in Advertising Network revenue in the Nine Months of 2016 following a trend that began in late 2011. 

In the Nine Months of
2016, revenue from Intermediaries decreased compared to the Nine Months of 2015. 

In the Nine Months of
2016, revenue from Direct Advertisers decreased compared to the Nine Months of 2015. 

In the Nine Months of
2016, revenue from Self Service Advertisers decreased compared to the Nine Months of 2015. 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit   

Cost of revenue is primarily
TAC (costs paid to our distribution network partners). Other costs include data center rent and power usage and credit card fees. 

Cost of revenue for the
three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows  (in thousands) : 

TAC increased $0.79
and $0.86 in the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, when compared to the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015. 

Certain other costs, such
as data center costs and power usage, are generally fixed costs. Total cost of revenue decreased in 2016 primarily as result of
decreases of TAC combined with decreases in other costs in the current year. 

TAC as
a percentage of Advertiser Network revenue increased to 64% and 56% in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to 38% and 39% in the same period in 2015 as a result of overall revenue mix changes from 2015 to 2016. 

27   

Operating Expenses    

Operating expenses for
the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period in 2015, decreased by $0.6 million and $2.15
million. Contributing factors included decreases in sales and marketing costs, product and development costs, general and administrative
costs. 

Operating expenses consist
of sales and marketing, product development and technical operations, general and administrative, and restructuring charges for
the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, and were as follows ( in thousands ): 

Sales and Marketing  

Sales and marketing expenses
in the current year include salaries, share-based compensation and other costs of employment for our sales force, sales administration
and customer service staff and marketing personnel, overhead, facilities and allocation of depreciation. Sales and marketing expenses
also include the costs of advertising, trade shows, public relations activities and various other activities supporting our customer
acquisition effort. 

The decrease in sales
and marketing expenses for the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, reflects a reduction in our sales and marketing
personnel. 

Product Development and Technical Operations  

Product development and
technical operations expense includes all costs related to the continued operations, development and enhancement of our core technology
product, the AdCenter platform. The AdCenter is used to operate both our own Advertiser Network and other publishers  client
networks, and is licensed to publishers to operate their own network. These costs include salaries and associated costs of employment,
including share-based compensation, overhead, and facilities. Software licensing and computer equipment depreciation related to
supporting product development and technical operations functions are also included in product development and technical operations
expense. 

28   

General and Administrative  

General and administrative
expenses include personnel cost, legal, insurance, tax and accounting, consulting, professional services fees and the provision
for, and reductions of, the allowance for doubtful trade receivables. 

Other Items   

The tables below set forth other continuing
operations data for the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 ( in thousands ): 

Interest Income and Expense  

Interest expense, primarily
consisting of interest paid on capital leases, during the three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016, increased as compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily due to the loan we obtained from Inca Capital starting
May 2015. (Please see Other Obligations) 

29   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Cash flows were as follows for the Nine Months
ended September 30, 2016, and 2015 ( in thousands ): 

Cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term
investment balances were as follows as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015 ( in thousands ): 

At September 30, 2016,
we had approximately $0.27 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term marketable investments. Cash equivalents and short-term
marketable investments are comprised of highly liquid debt instruments of the U.S. government, commercial paper, time deposits,
money market mutual funds, U.S. corporate securities, collateralized debt obligations and other commodities. We actively monitor
the depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents and the institutions of whose debt instruments we hold. Our
investment policy, which is reviewed annually by our Board of Directors, primarily emphasizes safety of principal while secondarily
on maximizing yield on those funds. We can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not
be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. These balances may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
insurance limits. While we monitor the cash balances in our operating accounts and adjust the cash balances as appropriate, these
cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or could be subject to other adverse conditions in
the financial markets. See Note 2 to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements,  Cash and Available for Sale Securities, 
which describes further the composition of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term
investments increased $0.03 million to $0.27 million at September 30, 2016, from $0.24 million at December 31, 2015, primarily
due to financing activities, offset by operating losses. For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, we generated a minimal positive
cash flow from operations. 

Our primary source of
liquidity is our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. Our current primary use of cash is to fund operating losses
and investment in software development. . Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our services
beyond the current quarter, and changes in customer buying behavior. Also, if the banking system or the financial markets continue
to remain volatile, our investment portfolio may be impacted and the values and liquidity of our investments could be adversely
affected. In addition, we may seek to raise additional capital through public or private debt or equity financings in order to
fund our operations and capital expenditures, take advantage of favorable business opportunities, develop and upgrade our technology
infrastructure, develop new product and service offerings, take advantage of favorable conditions in capital markets or respond
to competitive pressures. In addition, unanticipated developments in the short term requiring cash payments, including the acquisition
of businesses with negative cash flows, may necessitate additional financing. We cannot be assured that additional financing will
be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. If we issue additional equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders
may experience substantial dilution. 

30   

Operating Activitie s 

Cash used in operating activities in the Nine
Months ended September 30, 2016, consisted of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, amortization,
provision for doubtful accounts, and share-based compensation expense, as well as the effect of changes in working capital and
other activities. Cash used in operations in the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.386 million and consisted of a net
loss of $1.071 million, adjustments for non-cash items of $0.631 million and cash generated by working capital and other activities
of $0.08 million. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of $0.682 million of depreciation and amortization expense
on property and equipment, $0.008 amortization of deferred rent, and $0.043 million in other non-cash charges. In addition, changes
in working capital activities primarily consisted of a $0.326 million net decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
a decrease of $0.249 million in accounts receivable and a $0.009 million decrease in prepaid and other assets. The decrease in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities was primarily due to decreased TAC and operating expenses. The increase in accounts receivable
is primarily attributed to slower paying customers. 

Cash used in operating activities in the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, consisted of our net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization,
as well as the effect of changes in working capital and other activities. Cash used in operations in the nine months ended September
30, 2015 was $2.0 million and consisted of a net loss of $2.6 million, adjustments for non-cash items of $0.6 million and cash
used by working capital and other activities of zero. Adjustments for non-cash items primarily consisted of $0.8 million of depreciation
and amortization expense on property and equipment and purchased software. In addition, changes in working capital activities primarily
consisted of a $0.3 million net decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, a decrease of $0.11 million in accounts receivable
and a $0.22 million decrease in prepaid and other assets. The increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was primarily
due to the increase in operating expenses. The increase in accounts receivable is primarily attributed to slower paying customers. 

Investing Activities  

Cash provided by investing
activities in the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 was zero. 

Cash used in investing activities in the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 of $0.3 million was attributed to $0.4 million purchase of intangible assets partially offset by
$0.1 million in net proceeds from the sale of investments. 

Financing Activities  

Cash provided by financing
activities in the Nine Months of 2016 of $0.43 million is primarily attributed to increases in long-term liabilities from Snowy
August Management, LLC. (See Other Obligations) 

Cash provided by financing activities in the
first nine months of 2015 of $2.1 million is primarily attributed to increases in long-term liabilities and notes payable, as well
as proceeds from additional paid-in capital. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4), investments in special-purpose entities or undisclosed borrowings
or debt. Additionally, we are not a party to any derivative contracts or synthetic leases. 

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments  

In comparison with our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, we believe that there have been no material changes in contractual
obligations or commercial commitments outside the ordinary course of business, during the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

Pursuant to Section 229.305(e)
of Regulation S-K, as a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide information regarding quantitative and qualitative
disclosures about market risk. 

31   

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our management, with the
participation of our chief executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ( Exchange Act ),
as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on From 10-Q. 

In designing and evaluating
our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure
controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Based on this evaluation,
our chief executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer concluded, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure
controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that the
information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s ( SEC ) rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II  

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  

The Company is otherwise
involved, from time to time, in various other legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. Although
the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect resolution of these matters
to have a material adverse impact on its consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position unless stated otherwise.
However, an unfavorable resolution of a matter could, depending on its amount and timing, materially affect its results of operations,
cash flows or financial position in a future period. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on the Company
because of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  

Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF
PROCEEDS  

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES  

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE  

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION  

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS  

Please see the exhibit index following the signature
page of this report. 

32   

SIGNATURE  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

LOOKSMART GROUP, INC.  

Date:  November 21, 2016 
     By:  
     /s/ Michael Onghai 

Michael Onghai,  

Principal Executive Officer,   

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

33   

EXHIBIT INDEX   

Exhibits  

Number   
       
       Description of Document    

31.1* 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

31.2* 
       
     Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

32.1** 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  

101.INS* 
       
     XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE* 
       
     XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

(*)     Filed herewith 

 (**)  This certification is being furnished solely to accompany this
Quarterly Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and it is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof,
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

34   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 s104764_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Michael Onghai, certify that: 

1. 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LookSmart Group, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 21, 2016 
     /s/ Michael Onghai 

Michael Onghai, CFA  

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 s104764_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Michael Onghai, certify that:  

1. 
     I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LookSmart Group, Inc.;  

2. 
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  

3. 
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

(a) 
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

(b) 
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

(c) 
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

(d) 
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and  

5. 
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

(a) 
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b) 
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.  

Date:  November 21, 2016 
     /s/ Michael Onghai 

Michael Onghai,   

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 s104764_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002  

I, Michael Onghai, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the quarterly report
of LookSmart Group, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of
 13(a) or  15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such quarterly report on Form
10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of LookSmart Group, Inc. 

Date:  November 21, 2016 
     /s/ Michael Onghai 

Michael Onghai,   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 lkst-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 lkst-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lkst-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lkst-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lkst-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lkst-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

