<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1578620_0001144204-16-131488_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1254194</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>116243</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>941423</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>86</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-131488.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103190211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-131488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alcentra Capital Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001578620
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01064
		FILM NUMBER:		161973287

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-922-8240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10166

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alcentra Capital Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130605

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-131488.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 v451429_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the quarterly
period ended September 30, 2016  

OR  

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER: 1-36447    

ALCENTRA
CAPITAL CORPORATION  

  (Exact Name
of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Maryland   
       
       46-2961489    

(State or other Jurisdiction of  
          Incorporation or Organization)   

(I.R.S. Employer  
          Identification No.)    

200
Park Avenue, 7      th    Floor   

  New York,
NY  10166  

  (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)  

(212) 922-8240  

  (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x  
    No      

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes  
          No  

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting
company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  
       
      x   

Non-accelerated filer  
       
            (do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
       
      Smaller reporting company  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes 
          No 
  x  

There were
13,490,636 shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 3, 2016. 

ALCENTRA CAPITAL CORPORATION  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Consolidated Financial Statements of Alcentra Capital Corporation:  

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
      3   

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      4   

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      5   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and 2015 (unaudited)   
       
      6   

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
       
      7   

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements   
       
      15   

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
       
      31   

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
       
      40   

Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
       
      40   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION   
       
      41   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
       
      41   

Item 1A. Risk Factors   
       
      41   

Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
       
      41   

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
       
      41   

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
       
      41   

Item 5. Other Information   
       
      41   

Item 6. Exhibits   
       
      42   

SIGNATURES   
       
      43   

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities  

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

Consolidated Statements of Operations  

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets  

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

See
notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements  

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Schedule of Investments  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued)  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued)  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

(+)   All portfolio companies listed are qualifying assets. 

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  

  Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued)  

  As of September 30, 2016  

  (Unaudited)  

*   Denotes investments in which the Partnership is an  Affiliated
Person  but not exercising a controlling influence, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly
or through one or more controlled companies, more than 5% but less than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the investment.
Transactions during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in these affiliated investments are as follows: 

**   Denotes investments in which the Partnership is an  Affiliate
Person  and exceeding a controlling influence, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly or
through one or more controlled companies, more than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 in these affiliated and controlled investments are as follows: 

***    Pledged as collateral under the Credit Facility with ING
Capital LLC. 

(1)   The cost of debt securities is adjusted for accretion of
discount/amortization of premium and interest paid-in-kind on such securities. 

(2)   The principal balance outstanding for all floating rate
loans is indexed to LIBOR or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly
at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these
loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over LIBOR based on each respective credit agreement. 

(3)   The investments are portfolio companies of Enhanced Equity
Fund, L.P. ( EEF ). EEF has guaranteed the portfolio company's obligations to the company pursuant to this investment. 

(4)   The investment has an unfunded commitment as of September
30, 2016 which is excluded from the presentation (see Note 12). 

(5)   Non-income producing security. 

(6)   The investment was formerly known as City Carting Holding
Company, Inc. On June 3, 2016, City Carting combined with Tunnel Hill Partners, L.P. 

Abbreviation Legend  

 PIK -  Payment-In-Kind 

See notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary 
Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
As of December 31, 2015   

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary 
Consolidated Schedule of Investments   (continued) 
As of December 31, 2015   

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary  
Consolidated Schedule of Investments   (continued) 
As of December 31, 2015   

*  
      Denotes investments in which the Company is an  Affiliated Person  but not exercising a controlling influence, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 5% but less than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the year ended December 31, 2015 in these affiliated investments are as follows:    

**  
      Denotes investments in which the Company is an  Affiliate Person  and exceeding a controlling influence, as defined in the 1940 Act, due to beneficially owning, either directly or through one or more controlled companies, more than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the investment. Transactions during the year ended December 31, 2015 in these affiliated and controlled investments are as follows:    

***  
      Pledged as collateral under the Credit Facility with ING Capital LLC.    

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

Alcentra Capital Corporation and Subsidiary 
Consolidated Schedule of Investments   (continued) 
As of December 31, 2015   

(1)    The
cost of debt securities is adjusted for accretion of discount/amortization of premium and interest paid-in-kind on such securities.  

(2)    The
investment has an unfunded commitment as of December 31, 2015 which is excluded from the presentation (see Note 13).  

(3)    The
principal balance outstanding for all floating rate loans is indexed to LIBOR or an alternate base rate (e.g., prime rate), which
typically resets semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest
reset periods for each loan. For each of these loans, the Company has provided the applicable margin over LIBOR based on each
respective credit agreement.  

(4)    The
investments are portfolio companies of Enhanced Equity Fund, L.P. ( EEF ). EEF has guaranteed the portfolio company's
obligations to the company pursuant to this investment.  

(5)    City
Carting Holding Company, Inc. is in the process of exploring strategic alternatives. As a result, maturity dates of Preferred
Shares have been extended to 4/30/16.  

(6)    Non-income
producing security.  

Abbreviation Legend  
PIK   Payment-In-Kind 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 

ALCENTRA CAPITAL CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARY   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS   

   September 30, 2016   

1.  Organization and Purpose 

Alcentra Capital Corporation (the  Company ,  Alcentra ,
 we ,  us  or  our ) was formed as a Maryland corporation on June 6, 2013 as an externally
managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ) and is applying the guidance of Accounting Standards
Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946,  Financial Services Investment Companies . Alcentra is managed by Alcentra NY,
LLC (the  Adviser  or  Alcentra NY ), a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act
of 1940, as amended (the  Advisers Act ). In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Alcentra has elected to
be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the  Code ), commencing with its tax year ending December 31, 2014. 

The Company was formed for the purpose of acquiring certain assets
held by BNY Mellon-Alcentra Mezzanine III, L.P. (the  Partnership ). The Partnership is a Delaware limited partnership,
which commenced operations on May 14, 2010 (the  Commencement Date ). BNY Mellon-Alcentra Mezzanine III (GP), L.P.
(the  General Partner ), a Delaware limited liability company, is the General Partner of the Partnership. BNY Mellon-Alcentra
Mezzanine Partners (the  Manager ), a division of Alcentra NY and an affiliate of the General Partner, manages the
investment activities of the Partnership. Alcentra NY is wholly-owned by BNY Alcentra Group Holdings, Inc. ( Alcentra Group ),
which is wholly-owned by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation. 

On May 8, 2014 (commencement of operations), the Company acquired
all of the assets of the Partnership other than its investment in the shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock
of GTT Communications (the  Fund III Acquired Assets ) for $64.4 million in cash and $91.5 million in shares of Alcentra s
common stock. Concurrent with Alcentra s acquisition of the Fund III Acquired Assets from the Partnership, Alcentra also
purchased for $29 million in cash certain debt investments (the  Warehouse Portfolio ) from Alcentra Group. The Warehouse
Portfolio debt investments were originated by the investment professionals of the Adviser and purchased by Alcentra Group using
funds under a warehouse credit facility provided by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation in anticipation of the initial public
offering of Alcentra s shares of common stock. Except for the $1,500 seed capital, the Company had no assets or operations
prior to the acquisition of the investment portfolios of the Partnership and as a result, the Partnership is considered a predecessor
entity of the Company. 

On May 14, 2014, Alcentra completed its initial public offering
(the  Offering ), at a price of $15.00 per share. Through its initial public offering the Company sold 6,666,666 shares
for gross proceeds of approximately $100 million. Alcentra used $94.2 million of the proceeds from the Offering to fund the purchase
of the warehouse portfolio, and the cash portion of the consideration paid to Fund III. On June 6, 2014, Alcentra sold 750,000
shares through the underwriters  exercise of the overallotment option for gross proceeds of $11,250,000. 

On April 8, 2014, the Company formed Alcentra BDC Equity Holdings,
LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary for tax purposes. This subsidiary allows us to hold equity securities of portfolio companies organized
as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements of a RIC under the Code. The financial statements of this
entity are consolidated into the financial statements of Alcentra. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

The Company s investment objective is to maximize the total
return to its stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments in
middle-market companies. The Company seeks to achieve its investment objective by originating and investing primarily in private
U.S. middle-market companies (typically those with $5.0 million to $15.0 million of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization) through first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, with corresponding equity co-investments.
It sources investments primarily through the network of relationships that the principals of its investment adviser have developed
with financial sponsor firms, financial institutions, middle-market companies, management teams and other professional intermediaries. 

Upon commencement of operations, the Company also entered into an
administration and custodian agreement (the  Agreement ) with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the  Administrator ). 

2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation    The accompanying financial
statements of the Company have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles ( GAAP ) and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly,
certain financial information that is normally included in annual financial statements, including certain financial statement notes,
prepared in accordance with GAAP, is not required for interim reporting purposes and have been omitted. In the opinion of management,
the unaudited financial results included herein contain all adjustments considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial
statements for the interim periods included herein. The current period s results of operations will not necessarily be indicative
of results that ultimately may be achieved for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. 

The accounting records of the Company are maintained in United States
dollars. 

Alcentra NY purchased the initial 100 shares for $1,500 on March
12, 2014. 

Use of Estimates    
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates and such differences could be material. The most significant estimates relate to the
valuation of the Company s portfolio investments.  

Consolidation    
 In accordance with Regulation S-X Article 6.03 and ASC Topic 810 - Consolidation, the Company generally
will not consolidate its interest in any operating company other than in investment company subsidiaries, certain financing subsidiaries,
and controlled operating companies substantially all of whose business consists of providing services to the Company.  

Portfolio Investment Classification
     The Company classifies its investments in accordance with the requirements of
the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act,  Control Investments  are defined as investments in which the Company owns more than
25% of the voting securities or has rights to maintain greater than 50% of the board representation. Under the 1940 Act,  Affiliate
Investments  are defined as investments in which the Company owns between 5% and 25% of the voting securities and does not
have rights to maintain greater than 50% of the board representation.  Non-controlled, non-affiliate investments  are
defined as investments that are neither Control Investments or Affiliate Investments.  

Cash      At
September 30, 2016, cash balances totaling $6.7 million exceeded FDIC insurance protection levels, subjecting the Company to risk
related to the uninsured balance. All of the Company s cash deposits are held by the Administrator and management believes
that the risk of loss associated with any uninsured balance is remote.  

Deferred Financing Costs    
 Deferred financing costs consist of fees and expenses paid in connection with the credit facility
(as defined in Note 10) and are capitalized at the time of payment. These costs are amortized using the straight line method, which
approximate the effective interest method over the term of the Credit Facility.  

Deferred Note Offering Costs    
 Deferred Note Offering costs consist of fees and expenses paid in connection with the series of Senior
Securities issued (as defined in Note 9) and are capitalized at this time as these fees and expenses were incurred before the issuance
commenced. These costs are amortized using the straight line method, which approximate the effective interest method over the term
of the Notes.  

Valuation of Portfolio Investments
   Portfolio investments are carried at fair value as determined by the  Board 
 of   Directors   (the 
     Board    ) 
 of   Alcentra   .  

The methodologies used in determining these valuations include: 

(1) Preferred shares/membership units and common shares/membership
units 

In determining estimated fair value
for common shares/membership units and preferred shares, the Company makes assessments of the methodologies and value measurements
which market participants would use in pricing comparable investments, based on market data obtained from independent sources as
well as from the Company s own assumptions and taking into account all material events and circumstance which would affect
the estimated fair value of such investments. Several types of factors, circumstances and events could affect the estimated fair
value of the investments. These include but are not limited to the following: 

(i) Any material changes in the (a)
competitive position of the portfolio investment, (b) legal and regulatory environment within which the portfolio investment operates,
(c) management or key managers of the portfolio investment, (d) terms and/or cost of financing available to the portfolio investment,
and (e) financial position or operating results of the investment; (ii) pending disposition by the Company of all or a major portfolio
investments; and (iii) sales prices of recent public or private transactions in identical or comparable investments. 

One or a combination of the following
valuation techniques are used to fair value these investments: Market Approach and Income Approach. The Market Approach uses prices
and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The Income
Approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a present amount (i.e., discounting estimated future cash flows
to a net present value amount). 

The yield to maturity analysis is
used to estimate the fair value of debt, including the unitranche facilities, which are a combination of senior and subordinated
debt in one debt instrument. The calculation of yield to maturity takes into account the current market price, par value, coupon
interest rate and time to maturity. 

Where warrants are considered to
be in the money, their incremental value is included within the valuation of the investments. 

Valuation techniques are applied consistently from period to
period, except when circumstances warrant a change to a different valuation technique that will provide a better estimate of
fair value. The valuation process begins with each investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the
Company or its Adviser. Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior investment
professional of the Company and its Adviser. The Investment Committee reviews the valuation of the investment professionals
and then determines the fair value of each investment in good faith based on the input of the investment professionals. 

With respect to the Company s valuation process, the Board
undertakes a similar multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

Alcentra s quarterly valuation process begins with
each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for the
portfolio investment; 

preliminary valuation conclusions will then be documented
and discussed with Alcentra s senior management and the Adviser; 

the audit committee of the Board then reviews these preliminary
valuations; 

at least once quarterly, independent valuation firms engaged
by the Board prepare preliminary valuations on a selected basis and submit the reports to the Board; and 

the Board then discusses valuations and determine the fair
value of each investment in Alcentra s portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the independent valuation
firms and the audit committee. 

The Board has authorized the engagement of independent valuation
firms to provide Alcentra with valuation assistance. Alcentra intends to have independent valuation firms provide it with valuation
assistance on a portion of its portfolio on a quarterly basis and its entire portfolio will be reviewed at least annually by independent
valuation firms; however, the Board is ultimately and solely responsible for the valuation of its portfolio investments at fair
value as determined in good faith pursuant to its valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. 

Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated
values may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market for the securities existed
or from those which will ultimately be realized. 

Organizational and Offering Costs 
    Organization expenses, including reimbursement payments to the Adviser, are expensed
on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. These expenses consist principally of legal and accounting fees incurred
in connection with the organization of the Company and have been expensed as incurred. Offering expenses consist principally of
underwriter s fee, legal, accounting, printing fees and other related expenses associated with the filing of a registration
statement. Offering costs are offset against proceeds of the offering in paid-in capital in excess of par in the Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Net Assets.  

Paid-In-Capital    
 The Company records the proceeds from the sale of its common stock on a net basis to (i) capital
stock and (ii) paid in capital in excess of par value, excluding all commissions  

Earnings and Net Asset Value Per Share    Earnings per
share is calculated based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the reported period. Net
Asset Value per share is calculated using the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the period. 

Investments    Investment security transactions are
accounted for on a trade date basis. Cost of portfolio investments represents the actual purchase price of the securities acquired
including capitalized legal, brokerage and other fees as well as the value of interest and dividends received in-kind and the accretion
of original issue discounts. Fees may be charged to the issuer by the Company in connection with the origination of a debt security
financing. Such fees are reflected as a discount to the cost of the portfolio security and the discount is accreted into income
over the life of the related debt security. 

Original Issue Discount    When the Company receives
warrants with a nominal or discounted exercise price upon origination of a debt or preferred stock investment, a portion of the
cost basis is allocated to the warrants. When the investment is made concurrently with the sale of a substantial amount of equity,
the value of the warrants is based on the sales price. The value of the warrants is recorded as original issue discount ( OID )
to the value of the debt or preferred stock investment and the OID is amortized over the life of the investment. 

Interest and Dividend Income    Interest is recorded
on the accrual basis to the extent that the Company expects to collect such amounts. The Company accrues paid in-kind interest
( PIK ) by recording income and an increase to the cost basis of the related investments. Dividend income is recorded
on ex-dividend date. Dividends in-kind are recorded as an increase in cost basis of investments and as income. 

Investments that are expected to pay regularly scheduled interest
in cash are generally placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest cash payments are past due 30 days or more and/or
when it is no longer probable that principal or interest cash payments will be collected. Such non-accrual investments are restored
to accrual status if past due principal and interest are paid in cash, and in management s judgment, are likely to continue
timely payment of their remaining principal and interest obligations. Cash interest payments received on non-accrual designated
investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending on management s judgment. There were no non-accrual
investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Other Income    The Company may also receive structuring
or closing fees in connection with its investments. Such upfront fees are accreted into income over the life of the investment.
These fees are non-recurring in nature. 

Prepayment penalties received by the Company for debt instruments
paid back to the Company prior to the maturity date are recorded as income upon receipt. 

Income Taxes    The Company has elected to be treated
for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, and to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the
tax treatment applicable to RIC s. To obtain and maintain our qualification for taxation as a RIC, the Company must, among
other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, the Company must distribute to
our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of   investment company taxable income,   which is
generally net ordinary taxable income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital
losses, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. As a RIC, the Company generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income
taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that are timely distributed to stockholders as dividends. 

Alcentra BDC Equity Holdings LLC has elected to be a taxable
entity (the  Taxable Subsidiary ). The Taxable Subsidiary permits the Company to hold equity investments in
portfolio companies which are  pass through  entities for tax purposes and continue to comply with the
 source income  requirements contained in RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiary is not
consolidated with the Company for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the related tax
assets and liabilities, as a result of its ownership of certain portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if
any, and related tax assets and liabilities are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized a benefit for income tax on unrealized gain on investments of
$3.6 million and $3.1 million for the Taxable Subsidiaries, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015, we recognized a benefit for income tax on unrealized gain on investments of $1.1 million and $0.5 million for the
Taxable Subsidiaries, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $6.0 million and $1.4 million was
included in the deferred tax asset on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, respectively. 

Indemnification    In the normal course of business,
the Company enters into contractual agreements that provide general indemnifications against losses, costs, claims and liabilities
arising from the performance of individual obligations under such agreements. The Company has had no prior claims or payments pursuant
to such agreements. The Company s individual maximum exposure under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve
future claims that may be made against the Company that have not yet occurred. However, based on management s experience,
the Company expects the risk of loss to be remote. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  - In April 2015,
FASB issued ASU 2015-03,  Interest   Imputation of interest  (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of
Debt Issuance Costs, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the
balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of
the costs are included in Amortization of deferred financing costs and Amortization of deferred note offering costs. This guidance
is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company adopted this guidance as of
January 1, 2016. The new guidance will be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented. 

In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Disclosures for Investments
in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). The update eliminates the requirement to categorize
investments in the fair value hierarchy if their fair value is measured at net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent)
using the practical expedient in the FASB's fair value measurement guidance. Public companies are required to apply ASU 2015-07
retrospectively for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Accordingly, the Company has evaluated
the impact of ASU 2015-07 on its consolidated financial statements and determined that the adoption of ASU 2015-07 has not had
a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

3.  Fair Value of Portfolio Investments 

The Company accounts for its investments in accordance with FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 820 ( ASC Topic 820 ),  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  which
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value. ASC Topic 820 established a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes
and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring investments at fair value. 

Market price observability is impacted by a number of factors, including
the type of investment, the characteristics specific to the investment, and the state of the marketplace (including the existence
and transparency of transactions between market participants). Investments with readily-available actively quoted prices or for
which fair value can be measured from actively-quoted prices in an orderly market will generally have a higher degree of market
price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value. 

Investments measured and reported at fair value are classified and
disclosed in one of the following categories (from highest to lowest) based on inputs: 

Level 1    Quoted prices
(unadjusted) are available in active markets for identical investments that the Company has the ability to access as of the reporting
date. The type of investments which would generally be included in Level 1 includes listed equity securities and listed derivatives.
As required by ASC Topic 820, the Company, to the extent that it holds such investments, does not adjust the quoted price for these
investments, even in situations where the Company holds a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price. 

Level 2    Pricing inputs
are observable for the investments, either directly or indirectly, as of the reporting date, but are not the same as those used
in Level 1. Fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. 

Level 3    Pricing inputs
are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The
inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation by the Company. The types of investments
which would generally be included in this category include debt and equity securities issued by private entities. 

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall
into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy
is appropriate for any given investment is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment,
and considers factors specific to the investment. 

The fair values of our investments disaggregated into the three
levels of the fair value hierarchy based upon the lowest level of significant input used in the valuation as of September 30, 2016
are as follows: 

The fair values of our investments disaggregated
into the three levels of the fair value hierarchy based upon the lowest level of significant input used in the valuation as of
December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

The changes in investments classified as Level 3 are as follows
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

As of September 30, 2016: 

As of September 30, 2015: 

The following is a summary of the quantitative inputs and assumptions
used for items categorized in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

As of September 30, 2016: 

As of December 31, 2015: 

4.  Share Transactions 

On January 18, 2016, the Board of Directors approved a $5.0 million
open market stock repurchase program. Pursuant to the program, we are authorized to repurchase up to $5.0 million in the aggregate
of our outstanding common stock in the open market. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined
by our management, in its discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory
requirements and other factors. The open market stock repurchase program will be in effect until the earlier of (i) January 18,
2017 or (ii) the repurchase of $5.0 million of the Company s common stock. The program does not require us to repurchase
any specific number of shares and we cannot assure that any shares will be repurchased under the program. The program may be suspended,
extended, modified or discontinued at any time. 

The following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock
repurchased by the Company under its share repurchase program for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2015 there was no common
stock repurchased. 

5.  Distributions 

The Company intends to make quarterly distributions of available
net investment income determined on a tax basis to its stockholders. Distributions to stockholders are recorded on the record date.
The amount, if any, to be distributed to stockholders is determined by the Board each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings
estimated by management. Net realized capital gains, if any, will be distributed at least annually. If we do not distribute (or
are not deemed to have distributed) at least 98% of our annual ordinary income in the calendar year earned, we will generally be
required to pay an excise tax equal to 4% of the amount by which 98% of our annual ordinary income exceed the distributions from
such taxable income for the year. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year annual taxable income will be
in excess of estimated current year dividend distributions from such taxable income, we accrue excise taxes, if any, on estimated
excess taxable income. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we accrued $117,294 and $0, respectively, for any unpaid
potential excise tax liability and have included these amounts within income tax liability on the accompanying Consolidated Statements
of Assets and Liabilities. 

The following table reflects the Company s
dividends declared and paid on its common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

The following table reflects the Company s
dividends declared and paid on its common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2015: 

The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan ( DRIP )
that provides for the reinvestment of dividends on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder has elected to receive dividends
in cash. As a result, if the Company declares a cash dividend, the stockholders who have not  opted out  of the DRIP
no later than the record date will have their cash dividend automatically reinvested into additional shares of the Company s
common stock. The Company has the option to satisfy the share requirements of the DRIP through the issuance of new shares of common
stock or through open market purchases of common stock by the DRIP plan administrator. Newly issued shares are valued based upon
the final closing price of the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the dividend payment date. Shares purchased in
the open market to satisfy the DRIP requirements will be valued upon the average price of the applicable shares purchased by the
Plan Administrator, before any associated brokerage or other costs. 

6.  Related Party Transactions 

Management Fee  

Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed
to pay Alcentra NY an annual base management fee based on its gross assets as well as an incentive fee based on its performance.
The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate as follows: 1.75% of its gross assets (i.e., total assets held before deduction
of any liabilities), including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents
(such as investments in U.S. Treasury Bills), if its gross assets are below $625 million; 1.625% if its gross assets are between
$625 million and $750 million; and 1.5% if its gross assets are greater than $750 million. The various management fee percentages
(i.e. 1.75%, 1.625% and 1.5%) would apply to the Company s entire gross assets in the event its gross assets exceed the various
gross asset thresholds. The base management fee will be payable quarterly in arrears and shall be calculated based on the average
value of the Company s gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar
quarters. 

The incentive fee consists of two parts. The first part,
which is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, equals 20% of the Company s   pre-incentive fee
net investment income   for the immediately preceding quarter, subject to a hurdle rate of 2% per quarter, and is subject to a   catch-up   feature. The  catch-up  feature is
intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 50% of the Company s  pre-incentive fee net
investment income  as if a preferred return did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.5% in any quarter.
The second part is calculated and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or, upon termination of the
Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20% of our aggregate cumulative realized capital gains
from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and
aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any
previously paid capital gain incentive fees. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income
and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial
assistance and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar
quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable for administrative
services under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and any interest expense and any distributions paid on any issued and
outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee and any offering expenses and other expenses not charged to
operations but excluding certain reversals to the extent such reversals have the effect of reducing previously accrued
incentive fees based on the deferral of non-cash interest). Pre-incentive fee net investment income excludes, in the case of
investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero
coupon securities), accrued income until the Company has received such income in cash. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company recorded expenses for base management fees of $1,335,294 and $3,908,093, respectively, of which $0 and $0, respectively,
was waived by the Adviser and $1,335,294 was payable at September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company recorded expenses for base management fees of $1,273,705 and $3,641,673, respectively, of which none was waived by
the Adviser and $1,273,705 was payable at September 30, 2015. 

The Adviser agreed to waive its fees (base management and incentive
fee), without recourse against or reimbursement by the Company, through the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and to the extent required
in order for us to earn a quarterly net investment income to maintain a targeted dividend payment on shares of common stock outstanding
on the relevant dividend payment dates of 9.0% (to be paid on a quarterly basis). For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company incurred income-based incentive fees of $607,739 and $2,324,624, respectively, of which none was waived by
the Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred income-based incentive fees of $546,027
and $1,749,155, respectively, of which none was waived by the Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company incurred capital gains incentive fees of $0 and $0, respectively, of which $0 and $0, respectively, was waived by the
Adviser. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred capital gains incentive fees of $(434,217)
and $1,001,467, respectively, of which $0 and $1,001,467, respectively, was waived by the Adviser. 

7.  Directors' Fees 

The independent directors of the Company each receive an annual
fee of $40,000. They also receive $2,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending
in person each board of directors meeting and $1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with attending each board meeting telephonically. They also receive $1,000 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with each committee meeting attended in person and each telephonic committee meeting. The chairman of the
audit committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation committee will receive an annual fee of
$10,000, $5,000 and $5,000, respectively. The Company has obtained directors  and officers  liability insurance on
behalf of its directors and officers. 

For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company
recorded directors' fee expense of $83,313 and $232,608, respectively, of which $117,000 was payable at September 30, 2016. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the Company recorded directors' fee expense of $57,635 and $171,826, respectively,
of which $36,500 was payable at September 30, 2015. 

8.  Purchases and Sales (Investment Transactions) 

Investment purchases, sales and principal payments/paydowns are
summarized below for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

9.  Alcentra Capital InterNotes  

On January 30, 2015, the Company entered into a Selling Agent Agreement
with Incapital LLC, as purchasing agent for our issuance of $40.0 million of Alcentra Capital InterNotes . On January 25, 2016,
the Company entered into an additional Selling Agent Agreement with Incapital LLC, as purchasing agent for the Company s
issuance of up to $15 million of Alcentra Capital InterNotes . 

These notes are direct unsecured obligations and each series of
notes will be issued by a separate trust (administered by U.S. Bank). These notes bear interest at fixed interest rates and offer
a variety of maturities no less than twelve months from the original date of issuance. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company issued $15 million in aggregate principal amount of the Alcentra Capital InterNotes  for net proceeds of $14.7
million. These notes were issued with a stated interest rate of 6.50%, 6.375% and 6.25%. These notes mature on February 15,
2021, June 15, 2021 and July 15, 2021. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company borrowed an average of
$54.6 million and $47.9 million with a weighted average interest rate of 6.35% and 6.40%, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the Alcentra Capital InterNotes 
issued and outstanding during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we redeemed $0
aggregate principal amount of our Alcentra Capital InterNotes . The net proceeds of this offering were used to repay outstanding
indebtedness under the Credit Facility. 

In connection with the issuance of the Alcentra Capital InterNotes ,
we incurred $1.196 million of fees which are being amortized over the term of the notes and are included within deferred financing
costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016 we recorded $0.257 million of interest costs and amortization of offering costs on the Alcentra Capital InterNotes 
as interest expense. 

10.  Credit Facility/Line of Credit 

On May 8, 2014, the Company entered into a senior secured revolving
credit agreement (the  Credit Facility ) with ING Capital LLC ( ING ), as administrative agent, collateral
agent and lender to provide liquidity in support of its investment and operational activities. The Credit Facility has an initial
commitment of $80 million with an accordion feature that allows for an increase in the total commitments up to $160 million, subject
to certain conditions and the satisfaction of specified financial covenants. The Credit Facility was amended on August 11, 2015
to increase the accordion feature to allow for a future increase of the total commitments up to $250 million, subject to satisfaction
of certain conditions at the time of any such future increase. As amended, the Credit Facility has a maturity date of August 11,
2020 and bears interest, at our election, at a rate per annum equal to (i) 2.25% plus the highest of a prime rate, the Federal
Funds rate plus 0.5%, three month LIBOR plus 1%, and zero or (ii) 3.25% plus the one, three or six month LIBOR rate, as applicable. 

On March 2, 2016, we amended certain provisions of the Credit Facility
relating to the treatment of approximately $38.6 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding InterNotes that mature prior
to the Credit Facility. Among other things, the amendments to the Credit Facility provide that, in the nine-month period prior
to the maturity of these particular InterNotes, which mature between February 15 and April 15, 2020, our ability to borrow under
the Credit Facility will be reduced by and in the amount of such InterNotes still outstanding during such time. The Credit Facility
is secured primarily by the Company s assets. Costs of $3.5 million were incurred in connection with obtaining and amending
the Credit Facility, which have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities
and are being amortized over the life of the Credit Facility. 

Amounts available to borrow under the Credit Facility are subject
to a minimum borrowing /collateral base that applies an advance rate to certain investments held by the Company. The Company is
subject to limitations with respect to the investments securing the Credit Facility, including, but not limited to, restrictions
on sector concentrations, loan size, portfolio company leverage which may affect the borrowing base and therefore amounts available
to borrow. 

The Company pays a commitment fee between 0.5% and 1.0% per annum
based on the size of the unused portion of the Credit Facility. This fee is included in interest expense on the Company s
Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company has made customary representations and warranties and
is required to comply with various covenants and reporting requirements. These covenants are subject to important limitations and
exceptions that are described in the documents governing the Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance
in all material respects with the terms of the Credit Facility. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 the Company had United
States dollar borrowings of $70.9 million and $63.5 million outstanding under the Credit Facility, respectively. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company borrowed an average of $46.0 million and $48.2 million with a weighted average
interest rate of 3.89% and 3.82%, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company borrowed an
average of $37.5 million and $45.5 million with a weighted average interest rate of 3.56% and 3.52%, respectively. 

11.  Market and Other Risk Factors 

At September 30, 2016, the Company s portfolio investments
are comprised of non-publicly-traded securities. The non-publicly-traded securities trade in an illiquid marketplace. The portfolio
is concentrated in the twenty-three industries listed in Note 13. Risks affecting these industries include, but are not limited
to, increasing competition, rapid changes in technology, government actions and changes in economic conditions. These risk factors
could have a material effect on the ultimate realizable value of the Company s investments. 

Economic conditions in 2016 continued to impact revenues and operating
cash flows for most businesses and continued to impact the lending markets, leaving many businesses unable to borrow or refinance
debt obligations. These restrictions on obtaining available financing, coupled with the continuing economic slowdown, have resulted
in a low volume of purchase and sale transactions across all industries, which have limited the amount of observable inputs available
to the Company in estimating the fair value of the Company s investments. The Company estimates the fair value of investments
for which observable market prices in active markets do not exist based on the best information available, which may differ significantly
from values that would have otherwise been used had a ready market for the investments existed and the differences could be material. 

Market conditions may deteriorate, which may negatively impact the
estimated fair value of the Company s investments or the amounts which are ultimately realized for such investments. 

The above events are beyond the control of the Company and cannot
be predicted. Furthermore, the ability to liquidate investments and realize value is subject to significant limitations and uncertainties.
There may also be risk associated with the concentration of investments in one geographic region or in certain industries. 

12.  Commitments and Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts
that contain a variety of representations and warranties and which provide general indemnifications. In addition, the Company has
agreed to indemnify its officers, directors, employees, agents or any person who serves on behalf of the Company from any loss,
claim, damage, or liability which such person incurs by reason of his performance of activities of the Company, provided they acted
in good faith. The Company expects the risk of loss related to its indemnifications to be remote. 

The Company s investment portfolio may contain debt investments
that are in the form of lines of credit and unfunded delayed draw commitments, which require the Company to provide funding when
requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying loan agreements. As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the Company had $4.3 million and $1.0 million in unfunded commitments under loan and financing agreements, respectively.
As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s unfunded commitment under loan and financing agreements are
presented below. 

13.  Classification of Portfolio Investments 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company s portfolio investments
were categorized as follows: 

Geographic Region 

Investment Type 

*Fair value as a percentage of Net
Assets  

As of December 31, 2015, the Company s portfolio investments
were categorized as follows: 

*Fair value as a percentage of Net Assets 

14.  Financial Highlights 

The following per share data and financial ratios have been derived
from information provided in the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The following is a schedule of financial highlights
for one share of common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

(1)   The per share data was derived by using the average shares
outstanding during the period. 

(2)   The per share data for distributions is the actual amount
of distributions paid or payable per share of common stock outstanding during the entire period. 

(3)   Returns are historical and are calculated by determining
the percentage change in net asset value or market value with all distributions reinvested. Distributions are assumed to be reinvested
at prices obtained under the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. 

(4)   Not Annualized. 

(5)   Annualized. 

(6)   Asset coverage ratio is equal to (i) the sum of (A) net
assets at the end of the period and (B) debt outstanding at the end of the period, divided by (ii) total debt outstanding at the
end of the period. 

15.  Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries 

In accordance with the SEC s Regulation S-X and GAAP, we have
subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated. We have certain unconsolidated significant subsidiaries that pursuant to
Rule 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X, summarized financial information is presented below in aggregate as of and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

In addition to the risks associated with our investments in general,
there are unique risks associated with our investments in each of these entities. 

For example, the business and growth of FST Technical Services,
LLC ( FST ) depends in large part on the continued trend toward outsourcing of certain services in the semiconductor
and biopharmaceutical industries. There can be no assurance that this trend in outsourcing will continue, as companies may elect
to perform such services internally. A significant change in the direction of this trend generally, or a trend in the semiconductor
and biopharmaceutical industry not to use, or to reduce the use of, outsourced services such as those provided by it, could significantly
decrease its revenues and such decreased revenues could have a material adverse effect on it or its results operations or financial
condition. 

DRC Emergency Services, LLC ( DRC )
was sold to a third party on January 19, 2016. As such, summary financial information for DRC is included for the year ended December
31, 2015 and is not included for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

The Company has evaluated the need for disclosures and/or adjustments
resulting from subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the following activity occurred: 

On October 6, 2016, a $0.34 per share dividend
was paid to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2016. 

On October 19, 2016, Alcentra sold its interest
in Tunnel Hill in a secondary sale for $10,153,722. 

On October 21, 2016, Alcentra sold its equity interest
in Media Storm and Dentistry for Children in a secondary sale for $3,782,540. 

On October 21, 2016,
Alcentra assigned $8.0 million of its interest in LRI to a third party. 

On October 24, 2016, Alcentra invested $6.0 million in
Lugano Diamond and Jewelry, Inc (Libor + 10.75 Senior Secured Note). 

On October 27, 2016, Alcentra invested $10.0
million in Safe Security (13.0% Cash/1.0% PIK Subordinated Note). 

On October 28, 2016,
Aphena Pharma repaid its debt investment in the amount of $1.1 million. 

On November 1, 2016, after receiving more information on a recapitalization,
we surrendered our preferred shares and warrant units as part of the recapitalization of a remediation services company. As a result,
we realized a loss in the amount equal to the unrealized depreciation recorded on these investments as of September 30, 2016. 

On November 3, 2016, the Board of Directors approved the
2016 fourth quarter dividend of $0.34 per share for shareholders of record date December 31, 2016 and payable January 5, 2017. 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Forward-Looking Statements  

Some of the statements in this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial
condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q involve risks and uncertainties, including
statements as to: 

our
future operating results;  

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;   

the effect of investments that we expect to make;   

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;   

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Alcentra NY, LLC;   

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries in which we invest;   

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;   

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;   

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital;   

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;   

our ability to maintain our qualification as a business development company; and   

the effect of future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these laws and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas, particularly with respect to business development companies.   

Such forward-looking statements may include
statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words  may,   might,   will, 
 intend,   should,   could,   can,   would,   expect, 
 believe,   estimate,   anticipate,   predict,   potential,   plan 
or similar words. 

We have based the forward-looking statements
included in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q on information available to us on the date of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.
Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ
materially from historical performance. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law or SEC rule or regulation. You are advised to
consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the
SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

The following analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes
thereto contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q. 

Overview  

Alcentra Capital Corporation (the  Company ,
 Alcentra ,  ACC ,  we ,  us  or  our ) was formed as a Maryland corporation
on June 4, 2013 as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated
as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ). Alcentra is
managed by Alcentra NY, LLC (the  Adviser , or  Alcentra NY ), registered investment adviser under the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the  Advisers Act ). State Street Bank and Trust Company ( State
Street ) provides us with financial reporting, post-trade compliance, and treasury services. In addition, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, Alcentra has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ), commencing with
tax year ended December 31, 2014, under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).

BNY Mellon-Alcentra Mezzanine III, L.P.
(the  Partnership  or  Fund III ) is a Delaware limited partnership, which commenced operations on May
14, 2010. The Partnership was formed for the purpose of seeking current income and long-term capital appreciation by making investments
in senior debt securities, subordinated debt securities, and common and preferred equity securities with equity rights or participations
in U.S.-based middle market companies. BNY Mellon-Alcentra Mezzanine III (GP), L.P. (the  General Partner ), a Delaware
limited liability company, is the General Partner of the Partnership. BNY Mellon-Alcentra Mezzanine Partners (the  Manager ),
a division of Alcentra NY, LLC ( Alcentra Group ) and an affiliate of the General Partner, manages the investment activities
of the Partnership. Alcentra NY, LLC is wholly owned by BNY Alcentra Group Holdings, Inc. which is wholly owned by The Bank of
New York Mellon Corporation. 

On May 14, 2014, Alcentra completed its
initial public offering (the  Offering ), at a price of $15.00 per share. Through its initial public offering the Company
sold 6,666,666 shares for gross proceeds of approximately $100,000,000. On June 6, 2014, Alcentra sold 750,000 shares through the
underwriters' exercise of the overallotment option for gross proceeds of $11,250,000. 

Immediately prior to the Offering, Fund
III sold all of its assets other than its investment in the shares of common stock and warrants to purchase common stock of GTT
Communications (the  Fund III Acquired Assets ) to the Company for $64.4 million in cash and $91.5 million in shares
of the Company's common stock. Concurrent with the acquisition of the Fund III Acquired Assets from Fund III, the Company also
purchased for $29 million in cash certain additional investments (the  Warehouse Portfolio ) from Alcentra Group. The
Warehouse Portfolio consisted of approximately $29 million in debt investments originated by the investment professionals of the
Manager and purchased by Alcentra Group using funds under a warehouse credit facility provided by The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
in anticipation of the Offering. 

The Company entered into a senior secured
term loan agreement (the  Bridge Facility ) with ING Capital LLC as lender that it used to fund the purchase of the
Warehouse Portfolio and to fund the cash portion of the consideration paid to Fund III. In May 2014, the Company used $94.2 million
of the proceeds from the Offering to repay the Bridge Facility in full. 

The Company's investment objective is
to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments by targeting investment opportunities
with favorable risk-adjusted returns. The Company invests primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine and senior
secured loans, each of which may include an equity component, and, to a lesser extent, by making direct equity investments in such
companies. 

The Company is required to comply with
certain regulatory requirements such as not acquiring any assets other than  qualifying assets  specified in the 1940
Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include
investments in  eligible portfolio companies.  Under the relevant SEC rules, the term  eligible portfolio company 
includes all private operating companies, operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange,
and certain public operating companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization
of less than $250 million, in each case organized and with their principal of business in the United States. 

Portfolio Composition and Investment Activity  

Portfolio Composition  

We originate and invest primarily in
middle-market companies (typically those with $5.0 million to $15.0 million of EBITDA) through first lien, second lien, unitranche
and mezzanine debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. 

During the three months ended September
30, 2016, we invested $51.8 million in debt and equity investments in three new portfolio companies and two add on investments.
These investments consisted of senior secured loans ($18.0 million, or 34.7%), second lien notes ($3.1 million, or 6.0%), subordinated
notes ($29.7 million, or 57.3%), and equity securities ($1.0 million, or 1.9%). During the three months ended September 30, 2016
we received proceeds from sales or repayments, including principal, return of capital dividends and net realized gains (losses),
of $30.1 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we invested $21.2 million in debt investments in two new portfolio
companies and one add on investment. These investments consisted of senior secured loans ($1.7 million, or 8.1%), second lien notes
($4.0 million, or 18.8%) and subordinated notes ($15.5 million, or 73.0%). During the three months ended September 30, 2015, we
received proceeds from repayments of principal, including return of capital dividends and realized gains, of $15.8 million. 

As of September 30, 2016, the fair
value of our investment portfolio totaled $305.9 million and consisted of 35 portfolio companies. As of September 30, 2016,
57% of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates (subject to interest rate floors), such as LIBOR, and 43%
bore interest at fixed rates. Our average portfolio company investment at amortized cost and fair value was approximately
$9.1 million and $8.5 million, respectively, and our largest portfolio company investment by amortized cost and fair value
was approximately $19.0 million and $19.0 million, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2015, the fair value
of our investment portfolio totaled $296.3 million and consisted of 32 portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2015, 52% of our
debt investments bore interest based on floating rates (subject to interest rate floors), such as LIBOR, and 47% bore interest
at fixed rates. Our average portfolio company investment at amortized cost and fair value was approximately $9.6 million and $9.3
million, respectively, and our largest portfolio company investment by amortized cost and fair value was approximately $17.1 million
and $22.8 million, respectively. 

The weighted average yield on debt investments
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was 11.8% and 12.4%, respectively. The weighted average yields were computed using
the effective interest rates for debt investments as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, including the accretion of original
issue discount. 

The following table shows the portfolio
composition by investment type at fair value and cost with the corresponding percentage of total investments: 

The following table shows portfolio composition
by geographic region at fair value and cost with the corresponding percentage of total investments. The geographic composition
is determined by the location of the corporate headquarters of the portfolio company, which may not be indicative of the primary
source of the portfolio company s business. 

The following table shows the detailed
industry composition of our portfolio at fair value and cost as a percentage of total investments: 

$100.9 million of the portfolio
(33%) had a first credit exposure at 0.0x   1.0x EBITDA; $133.2 million of the portfolio (44%) had a first credit
exposure at 1.0x   3.0x EBITDA; $28.8 million of the portfolio (10%) had a first credit exposure at 3.0x   4.0x
EBITDA; $1.0 million of the portfolio (0%) had a first credit exposure at 4.0x   4.5x EBITDA; and $39.6 million of the
portfolio (13%) had a first credit exposure at  4.5x EBITDA. 

Portfolio Asset Quality  

We currently do not use a rating system
to monitor portfolio performance. As the portfolio grows in size, we would expect to implement a portfolio rating system. 

Non-Accrual  

We will generally not accrue interest
on loans and debt securities if principal or interest cash payments are past due 30 days or we have reason to doubt our ability
to collect such interest. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, we had one loan on non-accrual status, a specialty trucking logistics company. 

Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations  

Comparison of three months ended
September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015   

Investment Income  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, total investment income was $9.1 million, an increase of $0.6 million, or 7.2% over the $8.5 million of total investment
income for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was primarily attributable to the new investments as well as
prepayment penalties on the sale of DBI Holdings, Inc. 

We generate revenue in the form of interest
income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio
companies. Our debt investments typically have a term of five to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. Interest
on our debt securities is payable both quarterly and monthly. Payments of principal on our debt investments may be amortized over
the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments
may pay interest in-kind, or PIK. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest will
generally become due at the maturity date. The level of interest income we receive is directly related to the balance of interest-bearing
investments multiplied by the weighted average yield of our investments. We expect the total dollar amount of interest and any
dividend income that we earn to increase as the size of our investment portfolio increases. 

We may also generate revenue in the form
of prepayment fees, commitment, loan origination, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing significant managerial
assistance, consulting fees and the secondary sale of certain of our investments. We are exploring the secondary sale of select
equity interests in certain portfolio companies.  We believe that the sale of these equity interests would allow us to rotate
a portion of our non-incoming producing equity investment portfolio into income generating debt investments. There can be no assurances
that these negotiations will result in a sale of any or all of the equity interests or if a sale transaction is undertaken as to
its terms or timing. 

Expenses  

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, total expenses were $4.3 million, which was an increase of $0.9 million, or 28.7%, over the $3.4 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Interest and financing expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were $1.8 million,
an increase of $0.4 million from $1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. This is due to (i) the additional
issuance of $4.5 million in Alcentra Capital Internotes  and (ii) increased borrowings in the credit facility for investing
purposes. The base management fee increased $0.06 million, or 4.8%, to $1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016
due to higher average total assets less cash and cash equivalents than the comparable period in 2015. The income-based incentive
fee for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $0.6, an 11.3% increase from the comparable period in 2015. The capital gains
incentive fee was $0 for the period ending September 30, 2016, a decrease of $0.4 million from comparable period in 2015. The administrative
service fee, professional fees and other general and administrative expenses totaled $0.52 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to a total of $0.55 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 

Net Investment Income  

Net investment income for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 was $4.8 million, a decrease of $0.35 million, or (6.9)%, compared to net investment income
of $5.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of the $0.6 million increase in total investment
income and the $0.9 million increase in total expenses. 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting From Operations  

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the net realized gain from portfolio investments was $8.8 million largely due to the sale of DBI
Holdings, Inc. 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net change in unrealized depreciation from portfolio investments of $19.0
million attributable to the (i) reversal of the unrealized gain on DBI Holdings, (ii) a sale of equity investments in a
secondary transaction and (iii) a writedown in a weather related portfolio company. We
have not received financial statements for this company, since June 2016 and understand that it may be
seeking to effectuate a recapitalization transaction in the near term. As a result, the fair value of our investment has been
written down to a de minimis amount, and management believes that recovery is unlikely. During the three months ended September 30,
2015, the net change in unrealized depreciation was $3.2 million. 

As a result of these events, our net
decrease in net assets resulting from operations during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.8 million, a decrease
of $5.1 million, compared to a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $3.2 million during the three months ended
September 30, 2015. 

Provision for Taxes on Unrealized Appreciation on Investments  

We have direct wholly owned subsidiaries
that have elected to be taxable entities (the  Taxable Subsidiaries ). The Taxable Subsidiaries permit us to hold equity
investments in portfolio companies which are  pass through  entities for tax purposes and continue to comply with the
 source income  requirements contained in RIC tax provisions of the Code. The Taxable Subsidiaries are not consolidated
with us for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense, benefit, and the related tax assets and liabilities, as a
result of their ownership of certain portfolio investments. The income tax expense, or benefit, if any, and related tax assets
and liabilities are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recognized
a benefit for income tax on unrealized gains on investments of $3.5 million. 

Comparison of nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015   

Investment Income  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, total investment income was $29.7 million, an increase of $4.4 million, or 17.7%, over the $25.2 million of total
investment income for the nine months ended June 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to a $1.9 million increase
in income resulting largely from an increase in the size of the portfolio, as well as fee income of $2.5 million. 

Expenses  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, total expenses, including income tax provision, were $13.4 million, an increase of $2.9 million or 28.1%, over the
$10.5 million of total expenses after the waiver of capital gains incentive fees for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. Interest and financing expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $5.1 million, an increase of $1.6
million or 45%, compared to $3.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of interest and commitment
fees related to the Credit Facility as well as the additional cost from the issuance of $15 million of InterNotes. The base
management fee increased $0.3 million, or 7.3%, to $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to higher
average total assets less cash and cash equivalents than the comparable period in 2015. The incentive fee for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $2.3 million, a $0.06 million, or 32.9%, increase from the $1.7 million incentive fee for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. There was no capital gains incentive fee during the 2016 period. The administrative
service fee, professional fees and other general and administrative expenses totaled $2.1 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to $1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a 32.5% increase due largely to
one-time expenses of $0.1 million or 22% of the variance. 

Net Investment Income  

Net investment income for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $16.3 million, which was an increase of $1.5 million, or 10.3%, compared to net investment income of
$14.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of the $4.4 million increase in total investment income
and the $2.9 million increase in total expenses, including income tax provision. 

Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting
From Operations  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the total net realized gain on investments was $1.6 million and was comprised of $11.2 million in gross realized
losses and $12.8 in gross realized gains. Significant realized gains (losses) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016
are summarized as follows: 

Portfolio
    Company       
      Realization
    Event       
      Net
    Realized   Gain/(Loss) (in   millions)        

DRC Emergency
    Services       
      Sale of
    Portfolio Company       
      $    (11.3    )   
 
      Health Fusion       
      Exit of Portfolio Company       
           1.7        
 
      ACT Lighting       
      Exit of Portfolio Company       
           1.4        
 
      Net Access Systems       
      Exit of Portfolio Company       
           0.3        
 
      Response Team       
      Exit of Portfolio Company       
           0.2        
 
      DBI
    Holdings, LLC       
      Exit
    of Portfolio Company       
           9.3        

$    1.6        

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, the total realized gain on investments was $0.1 million. 

During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, we recorded a net change in unrealized depreciation on investments of $17.1 million attributable to (i) the net unrealized
loss on exits, repayments or sale of investments $2.1 (ii) a write down of various other portfolio companies  of 2.9 million
and (iii) the unrealized depreciation of $12.0 million on watchlist securities as well as a weather related portfolio company.
We have not received financial statements for one of our portfolio companies since June 2016 and understand that it may be seeking
to effectuate a recapitalization transaction in the near term. As a result, the fair value of our investment has been written
down to a de minimis amount, and management believes that recovery is unlikely.   During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, we recorded a net change in unrealized depreciation on investments of $0.7 million attributable to (i) net unrealized
depreciation of $4.4 million on debt investments and (ii) net unrealized appreciation of $3.8 million on debt and equity investments.
As a result of these events, our net increase in net assets resulting from operations during the nine months ended September 30,
2016, after benefit for taxes, was $3.8 million, or a decrease of $10.8 million, compared to a net increase in net assets resulting
from operations of $14.6 million during the prior year period. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

As of September 30, 2016, we had $6.7
million in cash and cash equivalents and our net assets totaled $184.6 million. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents
on hand, our credit facility and our anticipated cash flows from operations will provide adequate capital resources with which
to operate and finance our investment business and make distributions to our stockholders for at least the next 12 months. We intend
to generate additional cash primarily from future debt offerings and future borrowings, as well as cash flows from operations,
including income earned from investments in our portfolio companies. On both a short-term and long-term basis, our primary use
of funds will be investments in portfolio companies and cash distributions to our stockholders. 

Cash Flows  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we experienced a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $1.8 million. During that period, we used $5.6
million in cash from operating activities, primarily from investments in new portfolio companies (of approximately $121 million
which was partially offset by the return of capital of approximately $102 million and by the net change in unrealized depreciation
of $17.1 million). During the same period, financing activities provided for cash of $7.5 million primarily due to the borrowing
of the credit facility and the additional issuance of notes. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2015, we experienced an increase in cash and cash equivalents in the amount of $1.4 million. During that period, our operating
activities used $12.9 million in cash, primarily in connection with the purchase/repayments of investments.. In addition, financing
activities increased cash by $14.4 million primarily from the issuance of the InterNotes. As of September 30, 2015, we had $11.5
million of cash on hand. 

Capital Resources  

Our liquidity and capital resources are
derived from the capital contributions and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and income earned.
Our primary use of funds from operations includes investments in portfolio companies and other operating expenses we incur, as
well as distributions to our stockholders. We expect to use these capital resources as well as proceeds from turnover within our
portfolio, borrowings under the Credit Facility and from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment activities. 

In May 2014, Alcentra entered into a
senior secured revolving credit agreement ( Credit Facility ) with ING Capital LLC, as administrative agent and lender.
The Credit Facility had an initial commitment of $80 million with an accordion feature that allows for an increase in total commitments
to $160 million. The Credit Facility was amended on August 11, 2015 to increase the accordion feature to allow for a future increase
of the total commitments up to $250.0 million, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions at the time of any such future increase.
As amended, the Credit Facility has a maturity date of August 11, 2020 and bears interest, at our election, at a rate per annum
equal to (i) 2.25% plus the highest of a prime rate, the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, three month LIBOR plus 1.0% and zero or
(ii) 3.00% plus the one, three or six month LIBOR rate, as applicable. 

On March 2, 2016, we amended certain
provisions of the Credit Facility relating to the treatment of approximately $38.6 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding
InterNotes that mature prior to the Credit Facility. Among other things, the amendments to the Credit Facility provide that, in
the nine-month period prior to the maturity of these particular InterNotes, which mature between February 15 and April 15, 2020,
our ability to borrow under the Credit Facility will be reduced by and in the amount of such InterNotes still outstanding during
such time. The Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest in all of our portfolio investments, the equity
interests in certain of its direct and indirect subsidiaries and substantially all of its other assets. We are also subject to
customary covenants and events of default typical of a facility of this type. 

As of September 30, 2016, we are in compliance
with all covenants of the Credit Facility and there was $70.9 million outstanding. 

Also, as a business development company,
we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets, less liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior
securities, to total senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any outstanding preferred stock, of at least 200%.
We were in compliance with the asset coverage ratios at all times. As of September 30, 2016 our asset coverage ratio was 253.3%. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards  

In April 2015, FASB issued
ASU 2015-03, Interest   Imputation of interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
, which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a
direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability rather than as an asset. Amortization of the costs are
included in Amortization of deferred financing costs and Amortization of deferred note offering costs. This guidance is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We have adopted this guidance as of March 31, 2016. The new
guidance will be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented. 

In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07,
Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent). The update eliminates
the requirement to categorize investments in the fair value hierarchy if their fair value is measured at net asset value (NAV)
per share (or its equivalent) using the practical expedient in the FASB s fair value measurement guidance. Public companies
are required to apply ASU 2015-07 retrospectively for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Accordingly,
the Company has evaluated the impact of ASU 2015-07 on its consolidated financial statements and determined that the adoption of
ASU 2015-07 has not had a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Regulated Investment Company Status and Distributions  

We have elected to be treated as a RIC
under Subchapter M of the Code beginning the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014. If we qualify as a RIC, we will not be taxed
on our investment company taxable income or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed,
or deemed to be distributed, to stockholders on a timely basis. 

Taxable income generally differs from
net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses,
and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation until realized. Dividends declared and paid by us in a year
may differ from taxable income for that year as such dividends may include the distribution of current year taxable income or the
distribution of prior year taxable income carried forward into and distributed in the current year. Distributions also may include
returns of capital. 

To qualify for RIC tax treatment, we
must, among other things, distribute, with respect to each taxable year, at least 90% of our investment company net taxable income
(i.e., our net ordinary income and our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses,
if any). If we qualify as a RIC, we will also be subject to a federal excise tax, based on distributive requirements of our taxable
income on a calendar year basis. 

We intend to distribute to our stockholders
between 90% and 100% of our annual taxable income (which includes our taxable interest and fee income). 

Investment Advisory Agreement  

Under the Advisory Agreement, Alcentra
pays Alcentra NY, LLC (the  Adviser ) a base management fee calculated at an annual rate as follows: 1.75% of its gross
assets (i.e., total assets held before deduction of any liabilities), including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms
of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents (such as investments in U.S. Treasury Bills), if its gross assets are below
$625 million; 1.625% of its total gross assets if our gross assets are between $625 million and $750 million; and 1.5% of its gross
assets if its assets are greater than $750 million. These various management fee percentages (i.e. 1.75%, 1.625% and 1.5%) would
apply to ACC's entire gross assets in the event its gross assets exceed the various gross asset thresholds. 

In addition, Alcentra pays
the Adviser an incentive fee under the Advisory Agreement which consists of two parts. The first part, which is calculated
and payable quarterly in arrears, equals 20% of our  pre-incentive fee net investment income  for the
immediately preceding quarter, subject to a hurdle rate of 2% per quarter, and is subject to a  catch-up  feature.
The  catch-up  feature is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 50% of
the Company s  pre-incentive fee net investment income  as if a preferred return did not apply when our
net investment income exceeds 2.5% in any quarter. The second part is calculated and payable in arrears as of the end of
each calendar year (or, upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20% of ACC's
aggregate cumulative realized capital gains from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of aggregate
cumulative realized capital losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year,
less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. See Note 6. 

The Adviser agreed to waive its fees
(base management and incentive fee), without recourse against or reimbursement by us, through the quarter ended June 30, 2015 and
to the extent required in order for us to earn a quarterly net investment income to maintain a targeted dividend payment on shares
of common stock outstanding on the relevant dividend payment dates of 9.0% (to be paid on a quarterly basis). 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of our financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause
actual results to differ. 

Valuation of Portfolio Investments  

We generally invest in illiquid loans
and securities including debt and equity securities of middle-market companies. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly
traded or whose market prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by ACC's board of
directors. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although we engage independent valuation
providers to review the valuation of each portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market quotation at least
once annually. With respect to unquoted securities, we value each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash
flow models, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies and other factors. 

Because there is not a readily available
market for substantially all of the investments in our portfolio, we value most of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined
in good faith by ACC's board of directors using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. Due
to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the
fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market
value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material. 

With respect to investments for which
market quotations are not readily available, ACC's board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as
described below: 

Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment;   

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management and the Adviser committee;   

The audit committee of ACC's board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations;   

At least once quarterly, independent valuation firms engaged by ACC's board of directors will prepare valuations on a selected basis and submit reports to the board of directors; and   

The board of directors then discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based the input of Adviser, the independent valuation firm and the audit committee.   

Revenue Recognition  

We record interest income on an accrual
basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual PIK interest, which
represents contractual interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we do not accrue
PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectible. We will not accrue interest
on loans and debt securities if principal or interest cash payments are past due 30 days or more and/or we have reason to doubt
our ability to collect such interest. 

Loan origination fees, original issue
discount and market discount or premium are capitalized, and we then accrete or amortize such amounts using the effective interest
method as interest income. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination is recorded as interest
income. We record prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We may be a party to financial instruments
with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As of September
30, 2016, we had off-balance sheet arrangements consisting of three unfunded commitments totaling $4.3 million. As of December
31, 2015, we had one unfunded commitment totaling $1.0 million. 

Recent Developments  

Subsequent to September 30, 2016, the
following activity occurred: 

On October 6, 2016, a $0.34 per share
dividend was paid to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2016. 

On October 19, 2016, Alcentra sold its
interest in Tunnel Hill in a secondary sale for $10,153,722. 

On October 21, 2016, Alcentra sold its
equity interest in Media Storm and Dentistry for Children in a secondary sale for $3,782,540. 

On October 21, 2016,
Alcentra assigned $8.0 million of its interest in LRI to a third party. 

On October 24, 2016, Alcentra invested
$6.0 million in Lugano Diamond and Jewelry, Inc (Libor + 10.75 Senior Secured Note). 

On October 27, 2016, Alcentra invested
$10.0 million in Safe Security (13.0% Cash/1.0% PIK Subordinated Note). 

On October 28, 2016,
Aphena Pharma repaid its debt investment in the amount of $1.1 million. 

On
November 1, 2016, after receiving more information on a recapitalization, we surrendered our preferred shares and warrant units
as part of the recapitalization of a remediation services company. As a result, we realized a loss in the amount equal to the
unrealized depreciation recorded on these investments as of September 30, 2016.  

On November 3, 2016, the Board of Directors approved
the 2016 fourth quarter dividend of $0.34 per share for shareholders of record date December 31, 2016 and payable January 5, 2017. 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

We are subject to financial market risks,
including changes in interest rates. All of the floating rate loans in the portfolio have interest rate floors, which have effectively
converted the loans to fixed rate loans in the current interest rate environment. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,
16 loans in the portfolio bore interest at floating rates, or 57% of the fair value of our portfolio. For the year ended December
31, 2015, 14 of the loans in the portfolio bore interest at floating rates, or 52% of the fair value of our portfolio. In the future,
we expect other loans in our portfolio will have floating rates. Assuming that the Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of September
30, 2016, were to remain constant and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate sensitivity, a hypothetical one
or two percent increase in LIBOR would have less than a 2.5% effect on our portfolio s income. Although we believe that this
measure is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes in credit quality,
size and composition of the assets on the balance sheet and other business developments that could affect net increase in net assets
resulting from operations, or net income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially
from the potential outcome simulated by this estimate. We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging
instruments such as futures, options and forward contacts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities
may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower
interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments. As of September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, we did not engage
in hedging activities. 

Changes in interest rates will affect
our cost of funding. Our interest expense will be affected by changes in certain published indices such as the LIBOR rate in connection
with the Credit Facility.  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

The Company s management, under
the supervision and with the participation of various members of management, including its Chief Executive Officer ( CEO )
and its Chief Accounting Officer ( CAO ), has evaluated the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based
upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CAO have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 

(b) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

Management did not identify any change
in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER
INFORMATION  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  

The Company is not currently subject
to any material legal proceedings, nor, to its knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against it. From time to
time, the Company may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating
to the enforcement of its rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot
be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon its financial
condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors  

There has been no material change in
the information provided under the heading  Risk Factors  in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC on March 9, 2016. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to the Company or that it currently deems to be
immaterial may materially affect its business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Item 2.
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

Stock Repurchase
Program   

On January 18, 2016, our board of directors
authorized a $5.0 million stock repurchase program that was put into effect in March 2016. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases
will depend on the terms and conditions of the repurchase program and no assurances can be given that any common stock, or any
particular amount, will be purchased. Unless extended by our board of directors, the stock repurchase program will terminate on
the earlier of (i) one year from the date of its approval or (ii) the repurchase of $5.0 million of the Company s common
stock and may be modified or terminated at any time for any reason without prior notice. We have provided our stockholders with
notice of our intention to repurchase shares of our common stock in accordance with 1940 Act requirements. We will retire immediately
all such shares of common stock that we purchase in connection with the stock repurchase program. 

The following
table summarizes our share repurchases under our stock repurchase program for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior
Securities  

None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information  

On November 3, 2016, the Board of Directors
elected Steven Reiff as a director of the Company. Mr. Reiff s election is effective as of January 1, 2017.  In connection
with his election, the Board of Directors increased the size of the Board of Directors to seven directors as of January 1, 2017.
The Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Reiff qualifies as an independent director under the 1940 Act and the
Nasdaq listing standards. There are no arrangements or understandings between Mr. Reiff and any other persons pursuant to
which he was selected as a director. There are no current or proposed transactions between the Company and Mr. Reiff or his
immediate family members that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 

Mr. Reiff will hold office for a term expiring in 2017. He will serve on the Audit Committee,
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Mr. Reiff will
be entitled to applicable retainer and meeting fees. 

Steven Reiff is President and
CEO of Beechmax, Inc. and the Beechwood Company, a Pittsburgh, PA family office, a position he assumed in May 2014. Mr. Reiff
was previously the National Director of Investment Advisory, Analytics and Solutions for BNY Mellon Private Wealth
Management. In this role, he oversaw design of the investment architecture, product strategy, product development and
investment advisory functions of the organization. Mr. Reiff served on the majority of the investment committees which were
responsible for strategy, asset allocation and investment solutions for all clients. Before joining BNY Mellon, Mr. Reiff was
a managing partner of Bank One s Investor Advisors  Wealth Management business. Earlier in his career, he
assisted clients in their investments in alternative strategies and alternative asset classes including venture capital and
hedge funds. Mr. Reiff s banking experience includes three years of international banking based in Europe. Prior to
his career in banking, Steven held positions in strategic planning and sales management in the information services business
of IBM and Control Data Corporation. 

Item 6.  Exhibits  

The following exhibits are filed as part
of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

*  
      Filed herewith.   

(1)   
      Included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report   

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 3, 2016 

By:  
      /s/ Paul J. Echausse   

Name:  Paul J. Echausse   

Title:   Chief Executive Officer and President   

By:  
      /s/ Ellida McMillan   

Name:   Ellida McMillan   

Title:   Chief Accounting Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451429_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

I, Paul J. Echausse, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alcentra Capital Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal financial control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting: and     

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Paul J. Echausse   

Paul J. Echausse   

Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451429_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

I, Ellida McMillan, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alcentra Capital Corporation;   

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal financial control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;   

(d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting: and     

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

(b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Ellida McMillan   

Ellida McMillan   

Chief Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451429_ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1   

Certification
of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to   

   Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350)   

In connection
with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) of Alcentra Capital Corporation (the  Registrant ),
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Paul J. Echausse, the Chief Executive Officer of the
Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that:  

(1)  
      The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
    and   

(2)  
      The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Registrant.   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451429_ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2  

Certification
of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350)  

In connection with this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q (the  Report ) of Alcentra Capital Corporation (the  Registrant ), as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ellida McMillan, the Chief Accounting Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify,
to the best of my knowledge, that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.   

/s/ Ellida McMillan    

Name:   
       Ellida McMillan   

Date:   
       November 3, 2016   

</EX-32.2>

