<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161130_10-Q_edgar_data_88941_0001628280-16-021739_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11952660</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181209</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>659035</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3572613</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5522268</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1839160</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-021739.hdr.sgml : 20161130
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161130163306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-021739
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161030
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161130
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161130

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEMTECH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088941
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				952119684
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0129

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06395
		FILM NUMBER:		162025582

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 FLYNN ROAD
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93012-8790
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8054982111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 FLYNN ROAD
		CITY:			CAMARILLO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93012-8790

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-021739.txt : 20161130

10-Q
 1
 smtc-10302016x10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549    
  ____________________________________ 
  FORM 10-Q 
  ____________________________________ 
  (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   October 30, 2016    
  or 

For the transition period from             to              
  Commission File Number 1-6395 
  ____________________________________  
  SEMTECH CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
   ____________________________________ 

Delaware 
      
    95-2119684 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

200 Flynn Road, Camarillo, California, 93012-8790 
  (Address of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 
    
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (805) 498-2111 
  ____________________________________ 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
      
          (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
       
    Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act):    Yes          No         
  Number of shares of Common Stock,   $0.01   par value per share, outstanding at   November 25, 2016  :    65,636,833    

SEMTECH CORPORATION 
  INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
  FOR THE QUARTER ENDED   OCTOBER 30, 2016    
    
                  PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
    3 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements  
    5 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results o   f Operations 
    40 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
    53 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures  
    53 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  
    54 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings  
    54 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors  
    54 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    54 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    54 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  
    54 

ITEM 5. Other Information  
    55 

ITEM 6. Exhibits  
    56 

2 

Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of the terms  Semtech,   the Company,   we,   us  and  our  in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q refers to Semtech Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
    
  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements  
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our operations, industry, financial condition, performance, results of operations, and liquidity. Forward-looking statements are statements other than historical information or statements of current condition and relate to matters such as future financial performance, future operational performance, the anticipated impact of specific items on future earnings, and our plans, objectives and expectations. Statements containing words such as  may,   believe,   anticipate,   expect,   intend,   plan,   project,   estimate,   should,   will,   designed to,   projections,  or  business outlook,  or other similar expressions constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected.  
  Potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to:  
             
    fluctuation in the Company s future results;  
                
    downturns in the business cycle;  
                
    reduced demand for the Company s products, including due to global economic conditions;  
                
    business interruptions;  
                
    the Company s reliance on a limited number of suppliers and subcontractors for components and materials;  
                
    potentially insufficient liability insurance if the Company s products are found to be defective;  
                
    obsolete inventories as a result of changes in demand and change in life cycles for the Company s products;  
                
    the Company s inability to successfully develop and sell new products;  
                
    lengthy and expensive product qualification processes without any assurance of product sales;  
                
    the Company s products failing to meet industry standards;  
                
    the Company s inability to protect intellectual property rights;  
                
    the Company suffering losses if its products infringe the intellectual property rights of others;  
                
    the Company s need to commit resources to product production prior to receipt of purchase commitments;  
                
    increased business risk from foreign customers;  
                
    the Company s foreign currency exposures;  
                
    potential increased tax liabilities and effective tax rate if the Company needs to repatriate funds held by foreign subsidiaries;  
                
    export restrictions and laws affecting the Company s trade and investments;  
                
    competition against larger, more established entities;  
                
    increased competition due to industry consolidation;  
                
    the loss of any one of the Company s significant customers;  
                
    volatility of customer demand;  
                
    termination of a contract by a distributor;  
                
    government regulations and other standards, including those that impose operational and reporting requirements;  
                
    the Company s failure to comply with applicable environmental regulations;  
                
    compliance with conflict minerals regulations;  
                
    increase in the Company s cost of doing business as a result of having to comply with the codes of conduct of certain of the Company s customers and suppliers;  
     
   3 

changes in tax laws and review by taxing authorities;  
                
    taxation of the Company in other jurisdictions;  
                
    the Company s failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures;  
                
    the Company s limited experience with government contracting;  
                
    potential government investigations and inquiries;  
                
    loss of the Company s key personnel;  
                
    risks associated with companies the Company has acquired in the past and may acquire in the future and the Company s ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and benefit from expected synergies;  
                
    the Company may be required to recognize additional impairment charges;  
                
    the Company may be adversely affected by new accounting pronouncements;  
                
    the Company s ability to generate cash to service its debt obligations;  
                
    restrictive covenants in the Company s credit agreement which may restrict its ability to pursue its business strategies;  
                
    the Company s reliance on certain critical information systems for the operation of its business;  
                
    costs associated with the Company s indemnification of certain customers, distributors and other parties;  
                
    the Company s share price could be subject to extreme price fluctuations;  
                
    the impact on the Company s common stock price if securities or industry analysts do not publish reports about the Company s business or adversely change their recommendations regarding the Company s common stock;  
                
    anti-takeover provisions in the Company s organizational documents could make an acquisition of the Company more difficult;  
                
    the Company is subject to litigation risks which may be costly to defend; 
                
    the Company s ability to realize expected benefits from the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning ( ERP ) system, and disruption of the Company s operations caused by the adjustment to the new ERP system and the transition from the Company s legacy systems and databases. 
     Additionally, forward-looking statements should be considered in conjunction with the cautionary statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, information under the captions  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and  Risk Factors  and additional factors that accompany the related forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 including, without limitation information under the caption  Risk Factors , in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), and in material incorporated herein and therein by reference.  In light of the significant risks and uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking information included herein that may cause actual performance and results to differ materially from those predicted, any such forward-looking information should not be regarded as representations or guarantees by the Company of future performance or results, or that its objectives or plans will be achieved, or that any of its operating expectations or financial forecasts will be realized. Reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information contained herein, which reflect management s analysis only as of the date hereof. Except as required by law, the Company assumes no obligation to publicly release the results of any update or revision to any forward-looking statement that may be made to reflect new information, events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated or future events, or otherwise. 
  In addition to regarding forward-looking statements with caution, you should consider that the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to draw conclusions and make interpretations, judgments, assumptions and estimates with respect to certain factual, legal, and accounting matters.  Our financial statements might have been materially impacted if we had reached different conclusions or made different interpretations, judgments, assumptions or estimates. 
  
   4 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    Financial Statements 

SEMTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
  (in thousands, except per share data) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

SEMTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF 
  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

SEMTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS    
  (in thousands, except share data) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

SEMTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  
  (in thousands) 
  (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

SEMTECH CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
   
  Note   1  : Organization and Basis of Presentation 
  Nature of Business 
  Semtech Corporation (together with its subsidiaries, the  Company  or  Semtech ) is a global supplier of analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products. The end-customers for the Company s products are primarily original equipment manufacturers ( OEM s ) that produce and sell electronics. 
  The Company designs, develops and markets a wide range of products for commercial applications, the majority of which are sold into the enterprise computing, communications, high-end consumer and industrial end-markets.  
  Enterprise Computing:   datacenters, passive optical networks, desktops, notebooks, servers, graphic boards, monitors, printers and other computer peripherals. 
  Communications:   base stations, optical networks, carrier networks, switches and routers, cable modems, wireless LAN and other communication infrastructure equipment.  
  High-End Consumer:   handheld products, smartphones, wireless charging, set-top boxes, digital televisions, tablets, digital video recorders and other consumer equipment. 
  Industrial:   video broadcast equipment, automated meter reading, Internet of Things ( IoT ), smart grid, wireless charging, military and aerospace, medical, security systems, automotive, industrial and home automation, video security and surveillance and other industrial equipment. 
  Fiscal Year 
  The Company reports results on the basis of   52   and   53   week periods and ends its fiscal year on the last Sunday in January. The other quarters generally end on the last Sunday of April, July and October. All quarters consist of   13   weeks except for one   14  -week period in the fourth quarter of   53  -week years. The   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   each consisted of   13   weeks. 
  Principles of Consolidation 
  The accompanying interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Company, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and the instructions to quarterly report on Form 10-Q under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. In the opinion of the Company, these unaudited statements contain all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company for the interim periods presented. All significant intercompany balances have been eliminated. Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, and the Company believes that the included disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not misleading. The Company evaluated all subsequent events through the date these interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements were issued. 
  On March 4, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of Triune Systems, L.L.C. ( Triune ). On January 13, 2015, the Company completed the acquisition of selected assets from EnVerv, Inc. ( EnVerv ). The interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the results of income of Triune and EnVerv commencing as of the acquisition dates. 
  These interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   January 31, 2016  . The results reported in these interim unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should not be regarded as indicative of results that may be expected for any subsequent period or for the entire year. 
  Segment Information 
  The Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) has been identified as the Chief Operating Decision Maker ( CODM ) as defined by guidance regarding segment disclosures (see Note   14   for further discussion). In fiscal year 2016, the Company updated its assessment of its operations in light of its restructuring efforts (see Note   17   for further discussion) and strategic business decisions. Based on this assessment, at that time the Company had identified   five   operating segments in total.   Four   of the operating segments aggregated into   one   reportable segment, the Semiconductor Products Group. The remaining operating segment, the Systems Innovation Group (shown as  All others ), could not be aggregated with the other operating segments and did not meet the criteria for a separate reportable segment as defined by the guidance regarding segment disclosure. As a result, the financial activity associated with the Systems Innovation Group was reported separately from the Company s Semiconductor Products Group. This separate reporting was included in the  All others  category. On August 5, 2016, the Company completed its divestiture of its Snowbush Intellectual Property ( Snowbush IP ) business (previously part of the Company s Systems Innovation Group) to Rambus Inc. ( Rambus ) for a purchase price of   $32.0 million   in cash along with the opportunity to receive additional payments from Rambus through 2022 based upon a percentage of sales by Rambus of new products expected to be developed by Rambus from the disposed assets. Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company no longer has a Systems Innovation Group or an  All others  category, and therefore has only four operating segments that aggregate into one reportable segment, the Semiconductor Products Group. 
  Use of Estimates 
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
  Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
  Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items, and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Further, qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company s objectives and strategies for using derivatives, as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments, and disclosures about credit-risk-related contingent features in derivative instruments. 
  As required by ASC 815, the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting. 
  In accordance with the FASB s fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  On August 26, 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows: Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments.   The primary purpose of this ASU is to reduce the diversity in practice that has resulted from the lack of consistent principles on this topic.  This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017.  This ASU will be effective for the Company as of the beginning of Fiscal 2019. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period.   The Company is in the process of determining the impact of the adoption of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements or notes thereto; however, it does not anticipate that the new guidance will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which will require that substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The new standard also will result in enhanced quantitative and qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from existing leases. The standard requires modified retrospective adoption and will be effective December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330) Related to Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory which will apply to all inventory except inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method. Inventory measured using first-in, first-out or average cost is covered by the new amendments. Inventory within the scope of the new guidance should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The amendments will take effect for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance should be applied prospectively, and earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company is currently assessing the impact this update will have on its consolidated financial statements. 
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will require an entity to recognize revenue from the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance addresses, in particular, contracts with more than one performance obligation, as well as the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer, and provides for additional disclosures with respect to revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Public entities are required to apply the amendments on either a full- or modified-retrospective basis for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within those annual periods. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the basis of adoption and evaluating the impact of the adoption of the update on its consolidated financial statements. 
  
   9 

Note   2  : Acquisitions 
  Triune Systems, L.L.C 
  On   March 4, 2015  , the Company acquired   Triune Systems, L.L.C.  , a privately-held supplier of isolated switching, wireless charging and power management platforms targeted at, among other things, high and low power, high efficiency applications.  Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interest in Triune for a guaranteed minimum purchase price of   $45.0 million   consisting of   $35.0 million   in cash paid at closing, with an additional cash consideration of   $10.0 million   of which   $9.5 million   was paid in September 2015 and   $0.5 million   was paid in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017. In March 2015, the Company borrowed   $35.0 million   under its prior revolving line of credit in connection with this acquisition (see Note   10   for discussion regarding Credit Facilities).  
  Subject to achieving certain future financial goals ( Triune Earn-out ), up to   $70.0 million   of contingent consideration will be paid over the next   two years   if certain net revenue targets are achieved in each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018. An additional payment of up to   $16.0 million   will be paid after fiscal year 2018 if certain cumulative net revenue and contribution margin targets are achieved. 
    
  The Triune Earn-out targets for fiscal year 2016 were not met and the Company does not expect the fiscal year 2017 or 2018 targets to be achieved. The fair value of the Triune Earn-out liability was   zero   as of   October 30, 2016  . See Notes   7   and   12  . 
    
  The Triune business meets the definition of a business and is accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the FASB s ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. The purchase price allocation for the Triune acquisition was finalized in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016. Total acquisition consideration has been allocated to the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities of Triune based on their respective estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. Acquisition-related transaction costs are not included as a component of consideration transferred, but are accounted for as an expense in the period in which the costs are incurred. Any excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill. The goodwill resulted from expected synergies from the transaction, including complementary products that will enhance the Company s overall product portfolio, and opportunities within new markets. The Company expects that all such goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes.  
    
  The Company s allocation of the total purchase price for Triune is summarized below: 

Triune s technology complemented the portfolio of products offered in the Company s legacy Power and High-Reliability reporting unit. The Company concluded that the Triune and legacy Power and High-Reliability components should be aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit after considering similarities among different economic characteristics such as concentration of key customers, unit selling price decreases, increased competitors due to market expansion and chain of command of the newly acquired business.  
  Net revenues and earnings attributable to Triune since the acquisition date have not been material. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as Triune s annual operating results are not material to the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  EnVerv, Inc. 
  On   January 13, 2015  , the Company paid   $4.9 million   to acquire selected assets from   EnVerv  , Inc., a privately-held supplier of power line communications and Smart Grid solutions targeted at advanced metering infrastructure, home energy management systems and IoT applications. The Company has concluded that the acquired assets constituted a business and accordingly accounted for this transaction as a business combination.  
  
   10 

The purchase price allocation for the EnVerv acquisition was finalized in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016. Total acquisition consideration has been allocated to the acquired tangible and intangible assets and assumed liabilities based on their respective estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been allocated to goodwill. As of   January 25, 2015  ,   $1.4 million   of the total acquisition consideration has been allocated to core technologies and   $3.4 million   has been allocated to goodwill. The remaining balance has been allocated to acquired tangible assets and assumed liabilities. The Company expects that all such goodwill will be deductible for tax purposes.  
  Net revenues and earnings attributable to EnVerv since the acquisition date have not been material. Pro forma results of operations have not been presented as EnVerv s annual operating results are not material to the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   11 

Note 3: Earnings per Share 
  The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share is as follows: 

Basic earnings per common share is computed by dividing net income available to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share incorporate the incremental shares issuable, calculated using the treasury stock method, upon the assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting of restricted stock. 
  
   12 

Note 4: Revenue Recognition  
  The Company recognizes product revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. Recovery of costs associated with product design and engineering services are recognized during the period in which services are performed. The product design and engineering recovery, when recognized, will be reported as a reduction to product development and engineering expense. Historically, these recoveries have not exceeded the cost of the related development efforts. 
  The Company includes revenue related to technology licenses as part of  Net sales.  Historically, revenue from these arrangements has not been significant though it is part of the Company s recurring ordinary business. 
  The Company defers revenue recognition on shipment of products to certain customers, principally distributors, under agreements which provide for limited pricing credits or return privileges, until these products are sold through to end users or the return privileges lapse. For sales subject to certain pricing credits or return privileges, the amount of future pricing credits or inventory returns cannot be reasonably estimated given the relatively long period in which a particular product may be held by the customer. Therefore, the Company has concluded that sales to customers under these agreements are not fixed and determinable at the date of the sale and revenue recognition has been deferred. The Company estimates the deferred gross margin on these sales by applying an average gross profit margin to the actual gross sales. The average gross profit margin is calculated for each category of material using standard costs which is expected to approximate actual costs at the date of sale. The estimated deferred gross margins on these sales, where there are no outstanding receivables, are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the heading of  Deferred revenue.  
  The Company records a provision for estimated sales returns in the same period as the related revenues are recorded. The Company bases these estimates on historical sales returns and other known factors. Actual returns could be different from Company estimates and current provisions for sales returns and allowances, resulting in future charges to earnings. There were no significant impairments of deferred cost of sales in the   third   quarters of fiscal years   2017   or   2016  . 
  The Company records a provision for sales rebates in the same period as the related revenues are recorded. These estimates are based on sales activity during the period. Actual rebates given could be different from our estimates and current provisions for sales rebates, resulting in future charges to earnings. The estimated sales rebates for sales activity during the period where there are no outstanding receivables are recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the heading of  Accrued liabilities.  The portion of the estimated sales rebate where there are outstanding receivables is recorded on the balance sheet as a reduction to accounts receivable. 
  
   13 

Note   5  : Share-Based Compensation 
  Financial Statement Effects and Presentation  .   The following table summarizes pre-tax, share-based compensation included in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income for the   three and nine   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  . 

Grant Date Fair Values and Underlying Assumptions: Contractual Terms 
  The Company uses the Black-Scholes pricing model to value stock options. The estimated fair value of restricted stock units, for which vesting is not linked to a market condition, is calculated based on the market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. For restricted stock units that vest according to a market condition, the Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation model to value the award.  
  Some of the restricted stock units granted in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   and prior years are classified as liabilities rather than equity. For grants classified as equity, share-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the grantee s requisite service period. For grants classified as liabilities, share-based compensation is measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period until the date of settlement, and is recognized as an expense over the grantee s requisite service period. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility using daily and monthly stock price observations. 
  The following table summarizes the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model to determine the fair value of stock options granted in the   three and nine   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  , respectively: 

14 

Stock Options  . The Company has historically granted stock options to both employees and non-employee directors. The fair values of these grants were measured on the grant date. The grant dates for these awards are equal to the measurement date. These awards are valued as of the measurement date and recognized as an expense over the requisite vesting period (typically   3  -  4   years).  
  The following table summarizes the activity for stock options for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units  . The Company grants performance-based restricted stock units to select employees. These awards have a performance condition in addition to a service condition. The performance metrics are determined based on a pre-defined cumulative   three  -year performance of the Company s net revenue and non-GAAP operating income measured against internal goals. The performance award which is granted in any fiscal year will be tied to the Company s performance of that fiscal year and the succeeding two fiscal years. The performance award recipients must be employed for the entire   three  -year period, which is the explicit service and requisite service period, and be an active employee at the time of vesting of the awards (cliff vesting at the end of the third year). Under the terms of these awards, assuming the highest performance level of   200%   with no cancellations due to forfeitures, the maximum number of shares that can be earned would be   582,032   shares and an additional   582,032   shares would be settled in cash. The Company would have a liability accrued under  Other liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets equal to the value of   582,032   shares on the settlement date, which would be settled in cash. Only cash performance-based restricted stock unit awards are classified as liabilities and the value of these awards is re-measured at each reporting date. At   October 30, 2016  , the performance metrics associated with the outstanding awards issued in fiscal years   2017   and   2016   are expected to be met at a level which would result in a grant at   190%   and   0%   of target, respectively. 
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company granted performance-based vesting restricted stock units to select employees as part of the EnVerv acquisition. These awards have a performance condition in addition to a service condition. The performance metrics are determined based on a pre-defined net revenue target. In addition to the performance vesting condition, these awards have a requisite   four   year vesting term (which is also the requisite vesting period) whereby   25%   will vest, subject to attainment of the performance condition, on each anniversary of the grant date. Under the terms of these awards, assuming the highest performance level of   100%   with no cancellations due to forfeitures, the maximum number of shares that can be earned would be   24,000  . At   October 30, 2016  , the performance metrics associated with the outstanding awards issued in fiscal year 2016 are not expected to be met which would result in none of the shares being issued. 
    
  The performance-based restricted stock units are valued as of the measurement date and expense is recognized on a straight line basis for the awards expected to vest based on the probability of attainment of the performance condition for each separately vesting portion of the award. 

15 

The following table summarizes the activity for performance-based restricted stock units for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

Changes in the liability associated with performance-based restricted stock units, which is recorded in  Other long-term liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets, is due to changes in proportionate vesting and estimated forfeitures, re-measurement adjustments related to changes in market value and changes in the expected performance results. 
    
  Market Performance Restricted Stock Units.   On February 26, 2014, the Company granted its CEO restricted stock units with a market performance condition. The award is eligible to vest during the period commencing February 26, 2014 and ending February 26, 2019 (the  Performance Period ) as follows:   30%   of the restricted stock units covered by the award will vest if, during any consecutive   120   calendar day period that commences and ends during the Performance Period, the average per-share closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds   $35.00   ( Tranche 1 ) and the award will vest in full if, during any consecutive   120   calendar day period that commences and ends during the Performance Period, the average per-share closing price of the Company s common stock equals or exceeds   $40.00   ( Tranche 2 ). The award will also vest if a majority change in control of the Company occurs during the Performance Period and, in connection with such event, the Company s stockholders become entitled to receive per-share consideration having a value equal to or greater than   $40.00  . The fair value of the awards was determined to be   $17.26   and   $14.88   for Tranche 1 and Tranche 2, respectively, on the grant date by application of the Monte Carlo simulation model.  
  The following table summarizes the activity for market performance restricted stock units for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

16 

Restricted Stock Units, Employees  . The Company grants restricted stock units to employees which are expected to be settled with stock. The grant date for these awards is equal to the measurement date. These awards are valued as of the measurement date and recognized as an expense over the requisite vesting period (typically   4   years). 
    
  The following table summarizes the employees  restricted stock unit activity for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Reflects the value of Semtech Corporation stock on the date that the restricted stock unit vested. 
       
  Restricted Stock Units, Cash Settled, Non-Employee Directors  . The Company maintains a compensation program pursuant to which restricted stock units are granted to the Company s directors that are not employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In June 2015, the Company changed its director compensation program so that a portion of the restricted stock units granted under the program would be settled in cash and a portion would be settled in stock. Restricted stock units awarded under the program are scheduled to vest on the earlier of (i)   one   year after the grant date or (ii) the day immediately preceding the annual meeting of shareholders in the year following the grant. The portion of a restricted stock unit award under the program that is to be settled in cash will, subject to vesting, be settled when the director who received the award separates from the board of directors. The portion of a restricted stock unit award under the program that is to be settled in stock will, subject to vesting, be settled promptly following vesting. There were no changes to the terms and conditions of the existing awards. 
   The restricted stock units that are to be settled in cash are accounted for as liabilities. Because these awards are not typically settled until a non-employee director s separation from service, the value of these awards is re-measured at the end of each reporting period until settlement. The following table summarizes the non-employee directors  activity for restricted stock units settled in cash for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

As of   October 30, 2016  , the total number of vested but unsettled restricted stock units for non-employee directors is   173,657   units. As of   October 30, 2016  ,   $4.4 million   of the liability associated with these awards is included in  Other long-term liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  
   17 

Restricted Stock Units, Stock Settled, Non-Employee Directors  . As a result of the June 2015 changes to the Company s director compensation program, beginning in July 2015, the Company began granting new restricted stock units to non-employee directors which are expected to be settled with stock at the time of vesting. The grant date for these awards is equal to the measurement date. These awards are valued as of the measurement date and recognized as an expense over the requisite vesting period (typically   one   year).  
  The following table summarizes the non-employee directors  activity for restricted stock units settled with stock for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Reflects the value of Semtech Corporation stock on the date that the restricted stock unit vested. 
       
  Modification of Awards 
  On December 19, 2014 and August 17, 2015, the Company modified the equity awards of certain executive officers by providing for the acceleration of vesting upon termination of their employment in certain circumstances in connection with a change in control of the Company. These modifications impacted the stock awards of   12   executive employees and resulted in no incremental compensation cost for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   or the   three   or   nine   month periods ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  .  
    
  Warrant.   On October 5, 2016 the Company issued a warrant (the  Warrant ) to Comcast Cable Communications Management LLC ( Comcast ) to purchase up to   1,086,957   shares (the  Warrant Shares ) of the Company s common stock, par value   $0.01   per share, representing a total of   $30.0 million   worth of common stock based on the average closing price over the   10  -trading day period ending October 4, 2016, at an exercise price of $  0.01   per Warrant Share. The Warrant provides for net share settlement that, if elected by Comcast, will reduce the number of Warrant Shares issued upon exercise to reflect net settlement of the exercise price. Comcast may also request cash settlement of the Warrant upon exercise in lieu of the issuance of Warrant Shares; however, such cash settlement is at the sole and absolute discretion of the Company. The Warrant vested   10%   on its issuance, and the remainder vests based on the achievement during the subsequent   30  -month period ( Milestone Period ) by Comcast (or its designee) of certain milestones related to the deployment of a LoRaWAN -based network in cities around the country. The number of Warrant Shares are subject to customary adjustment provisions for stock split, reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger, and similar transactions. The Warrant has a term of   seven years   from October 5, 2016. 
    
  The Warrant was issued by the Company to Comcast in connection with an agreement between the parties regarding the intended trial deployment by Comcast of a low-power wide-area Network (LPWAN) in the United States, based on the Company s LoRa  Wireless Radio Frequency Technology.    
    
  The Warrant is accounted for as equity. The cost of the Warrant is recognized as an offset to net sales over the respective performance period. The Warrant consists of   five   performance tranches. The cost associated with each tranche is recognized based on the fair value at each reporting date until vesting which is the measurement date. 

18 

The following table summarizes the underlying Warrant Shares issued to Comcast for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

(1) 
    Reflects the value of Semtech Corporation Warrant Shares on the date the Warrant Shares vested. 
       
  Given the nominal exercise price of the Warrant Shares, the Company valued the awards using the closing price of the Company s stock on the measurement date for shares that have vested and the fair value on the condensed consolidated balance sheets date for the other shares. As of   October 30, 2016  , no part of the Warrant has been exercised, and the Warrant has an estimated life of   seven years  . 

19 

Note   6  : Investments 
  Investments that have original maturities of three months or less are accounted for as cash equivalents. This includes money market funds, time deposits and United States ( U.S. ) government obligations. Temporary and long-term investments consist of government, bank and corporate obligations, with original maturity dates in excess of   three   months. Temporary investments have original maturities in excess of   three   months, but mature within   twelve   months of the balance sheet date. Long-term investments have original maturities in excess of   twelve   months. The Company determines the cost of securities sold based on the specific identification method. Realized gains or losses are reported in  Non-operating expense, net  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  The Company classifies its investments as  available-for-sale  because it may sell some securities prior to maturity. The Company s investments are subject to market risk, primarily interest rate and credit risks. The Company s investments are managed by a limited number of outside professional managers that operate within investment guidelines set by the Company. These guidelines include specified permissible investments, minimum credit quality ratings and maximum average duration restrictions and are intended to limit market risk by restricting the Company s investments to high quality debt instruments with relatively short-term maturities. 
  As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any long-term investments. 
  The following table summarizes the Company s available-for-sale investments: 

The following table summarizes the maturities of the Company s available-for-sale investments: 

Unrealized gains and losses are the result of fluctuations in the market value of the Company s available-for-sale investments and are included in  Accumulated other comprehensive income  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. The following table summarizes net unrealized losses arising in the periods presented in addition to the tax associated with these comprehensive income items: 

The Company did not generate any significant interest income in the   three   or   nine   month periods ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  . 
  Equity and Cost Method Investments 
  The Company accounts for its equity investments under the cost method of accounting when it does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investees. For investments where the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, it uses the equity method of accounting. The Company s total equity and cost method investments were   $22.2 million   and   $20.2 million   as of   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  . All of these investments are in private companies and are included in  Other assets  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  The Company has the following investments which are accounted for as cost method investments: 

The Company evaluated its cost method investments for indicators of impairment at   October 30, 2016  . The Company did not identify any events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of the investments and as a result did not estimate the fair value of its investments.  
  On January 11, 2016, the Company announced that it had entered into a strategic agreement to accelerate the introduction of a 100Gbps single wavelength optical module solution. As part of this agreement, the Company made an investment under which the Company acquired preferred stock and a call option that is exercisable through June 30, 2018, that would allow the Company to purchase all of the outstanding equity of MultiPhy Ltd. ( MultiPhy ) at a fixed price. The Company does not expect to exercise this option within the next twelve months. 
  
   20 

Note   7  : Fair Value Measurements 
  Instruments Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  Financial assets and liabilities measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis were presented within the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows: 

During the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  , the Company had no transfers of financial assets or liabilities between Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3. As of   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , the Company had not elected the fair value option for any financial assets and liabilities for which such an election would have been permitted. 
  The Company s available-for-sale securities consist primarily of money market accounts that do not have a stated maturity date. 
  The fair values of the foreign exchange forward contracts are valued using Level 2 inputs. Foreign currency forward contracts are valued using readily available foreign currency forward and interest rate curves. The fair value of each contract is determined by comparing the contract rate to the forward rate and discounting to the present value. Contracts in a gain position are recorded in the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the caption  Other current assets  and the value of contracts in a loss position are recorded under the caption  Accrued liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Please see Note   19   for further discussion of the Company s derivative instruments. 
  The Triune Earn-out liability is valued utilizing estimates of annual revenue and operating income (Level 3 inputs) during a period of approximately   two  -years ending January 2018. These estimates represent inputs for which market data are not available and are developed using the best information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the liability. 
  The Cycleo Earn-out liability (see  Earn-out Liability  in Note 12) is valued utilizing estimates of annual revenue and operating income (Level 3 inputs) during a   four  -year period ending April 2020. These estimates represent inputs for which market data are not available and are developed using the best information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the liability. 
  The Company measures contingent earn-out liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses a Monte Carlo valuation method as a valuation technique to determine the value of the earn-out liability. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are revenue projections over the earn-out period, and the probability outcome percentages assigned to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs in isolation would result in a significantly higher or lower liability, with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earn-out obligation. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount paid, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount paid will be recorded in earnings. For both the Triune Earn-out and Cycleo Earn-out, these companies have business profiles comparable to a start-up company. Accordingly, their respective revenue projections are subject to significant revisions. This characteristic has resulted in volatile changes to the measurement of fair value of the Triune Earn-out since the time of the Triune acquisition. 
  The Company reviews and re-assesses the estimated fair value of contingent consideration on a quarterly basis, and the updated fair value could differ materially from the previous estimates. Changes in the estimated fair value of the Company s contingent earn-out liabilities related to the time component of the present value calculation are reported in  Interest expense  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. Adjustments to the estimated fair value related to changes in all other unobservable inputs are reported in operating income. 
  
   21 

A reconciliation of the change in the earn-out liability during the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016   is as follows: 

Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
  Some of the Company s financial instruments are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis but are recorded at amounts that approximate fair value due to their liquid or short-term nature. Such financial assets and financial liabilities include: cash and cash equivalents, net receivables, certain other assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses, accrued personnel costs, and other current liabilities. 
  The Company s long-term debt is not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, but is measured at fair value for disclosure purposes. The fair value of the Company s Term Loans (as defined in Note   10  ) is   $67.8 million   and   $77.1 million   and Revolving Commitments (as defined in Note   10  ) is   $181.0 million   as of both   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively. These are based on Level 2 inputs which are derived from transactions with similar amounts, maturities, credit ratings and payment terms. 
  Assets and Liabilities Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
  The Company reduces the carrying amounts of its goodwill, intangible assets, long-lived assets and non-marketable equity securities to fair value when held for sale or determined to be impaired.  
  For its investment in equity interests, the Company has not identified events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse effect on the fair value of its equity investments during the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  .  
  
   22 

Note 8: Inventories 
  Inventories, consisting of material, material overhead, labor, and manufacturing overhead, are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market and consist of the following: 

23 

Note   9  : Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
  Goodwill     Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows: 

Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment using a two-step method on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The recoverability of goodwill is measured at the reporting unit level by comparing the reporting unit s carrying amount, including goodwill, to the fair market value of the reporting unit. 
  Goodwill is allocated to   three   reporting units (Signal Integrity, Power and High Reliability and Wireless and Sensing) (see Note   14  ). The difference between the fair value and the carrying amount of these reporting units is one of several factors the Company will consider before reaching its conclusion about whether to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test. 
  Goodwill was tested for impairment as of   November 30, 2015  , the date of the Company s annual impairment review, at the reporting unit level for Signal Integrity, Power and High Reliability and Wireless and Sensing. The Company estimated the fair values using an income approach, as well as other generally accepted valuation methodologies. The cash flows for each reporting unit were based on discrete financial forecasts developed by management for planning purposes. Cash flows beyond the discrete forecasts were estimated using a terminal value calculation, which incorporated historical and forecasted financial trends for each identified reporting unit and considered perpetual earnings growth rates for publicly traded peer companies. 
  Goodwill is measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. That is, goodwill is not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis, but is subject to fair value adjustments using Level 3 inputs in certain circumstances (e.g., when there is evidence of impairment). At   October 30, 2016  , the Company concluded that there were no indicators of such impairment. 
  Purchased Intangibles     The following table sets forth the Company s finite-lived intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions and technology licenses purchased, which continue to be amortized: 

(1) 
    Technology licenses relate to end-license agreements for intellectual property that is used by the Company in research and development activities and also has alternative future uses. Amortization expense related to technology licenses is reported as  Product development and engineering  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
     For the   three   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  , amortization expense related to acquired finite-lived intangible assets was   $6.3 million   and   $6.3 million  , respectively. For the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015  , amortization expense related to acquired finite-lived intangible assets was   $19.0 million   and   $18.6 million  , respectively. Amortization expense related to acquired finite-lived intangible assets is reported as  Intangible amortization  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  
   24 

The estimated annual amount of future amortization expense for all finite-lived intangible assets will be as follows: 

As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had   no   intangible assets classified as having an indefinite life. 
  
   25 

Note   10  : Credit Facilities 
    
  On May 2, 2013, Semtech Corporation, with each of its domestic subsidiaries as guarantors (the  Prior Guarantors ), entered into a credit agreement (the  Prior Credit Agreement ) with the lenders referred to therein (the  Prior Lenders ) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent and as swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. In accordance with the Prior Credit Agreement, the Prior Lenders provided Semtech Corporation with senior secured first lien credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of   $400.0 million   for a   five   year term, consisting of term loans in an aggregate initial principal amount of   $150.0 million   (the  Prior Term Loans ) and revolving credit commitments in an aggregate principal amount of   $250.0 million   (the  Prior Revolving Commitments ). The Prior Revolving Commitments contained sub-facilities that could be used as follows: up to   $40.0 million   for letters of credit, up to   $25.0 million   for Swing Line Loans (as defined below), and up to   $40.0 million   for revolving loans and letters of credit in certain currencies other than U.S. Dollars ( Alternative Currencies ).  Swing Line Loans  refer to Base Rate (as defined below) loans made in immediately available funds denominated in dollars by the swing line lender in its sole and absolute discretion. As of   October 30, 2016  , there were no amounts outstanding under the letters of credit, Swing Line Loans, and Alternative Currencies.  
  Interest on loans made under the Prior Credit Agreement in U.S. Dollars accrued, at Semtech s option, at a rate per annum equal to (1) the Base Rate plus a margin ranging from   0.25%   to   1.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio or (2) London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR ) (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) for an interest period to be selected by Semtech plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   2.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio. The  Base Rate  is equal to a fluctuating rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate (as published by The Wall Street Journal), (b)   of   1%   above the federal funds effective rate or (c) one-month LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) plus   1%  . Interest on loans in Alternative Currencies, other than Canadian Dollars, accrued at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency) for an interest period to be selected by Semtech plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   2.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio. Interest on loans in Canadian Dollars accrued at a rate per annum equal to the CDOR Rate (as defined below) for an interest period to be selected by Semtech plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   2.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio. The  CDOR Rate  for any interest period is the rate equal to the sum of: (a) the rate determined by the administrative agent with reference to the arithmetic average of the discount rate quotations of all institutions listed for CAD Dollar-denominated bankers  acceptances displayed and identified on the  Reuters Screen CDOR Page  and (b)   0.10%   per annum. CDOR Commitment fees on the unused portion of the Prior Revolving Commitments accrued at a rate per annum ranging from   0.20%   to   0.45%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio. Interest was payable monthly for a Base Rate loan and swing line loan and quarterly for a Euro dollar rate loan. As of   October 30, 2016  , the interest rates payable on both the Prior Term Loans and the Prior Revolving Commitments was   2.28%  . 
  As of   October 30, 2016  , there was   $67.8 million   outstanding under the Prior Term Loans and   $181.0 million   in revolving loans outstanding pursuant to the Prior Revolving Commitments. The Prior Term Loans and the Prior Revolving Commitments (and related revolving loans) were scheduled to mature on   May 1, 2018  . 
  All obligations of Semtech Corporation under the Prior Credit Agreement were unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Prior Guarantors and were secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the assets of Semtech Corporation and the Prior Guarantors, subject to certain customary exceptions. 
  Semtech Corporation and the Prior Guarantors were subject to customary covenants under the Prior Credit Agreement, including the maintenance of a minimum interest ratio of   3.50   to 1.00 and a maximum total consolidated leverage ratio of   3.00   to 1.00. Semtech Corporation and the Prior Guarantors were in compliance with such financial covenants as of   October 30, 2016  . 
  The Prior Credit Agreement also contained customary provisions pertaining to events of default. If any event of default had occurred, the principal, interest, and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding amounts could have become due and payable immediately. 
    
  On November 15, 2016, the Company, with each of its domestic subsidiaries as guarantors, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement (the  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ) with the lenders referred to therein (the  Lenders ) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent and as swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement consists of a senior secured term A loan facility in the principal amount of   $150.0 million   and a senior secured revolving credit facility in the principal amount of   $250.0 million  , each of which is scheduled to mature in November 2021. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amended and restated the Prior Credit Agreement that was scheduled to mature in May of 2018 (see Note   20   for discussion regarding Subsequent Events). 

26 

Note 11: Income Taxes 
  The Company s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of   35%   due primarily to regional mix of income, valuation allowances in the U.S., and certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S. taxes are provided because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S.  
  The Company uses a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertain tax positions ( UTP ). The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than   50%   likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 
  A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of net unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 

The gross unrecognized tax benefit (before federal impact of state items) was   $10.6 million   at both   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  . Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , is   $8.4 million   and   $8.4 million   of net tax benefit (after federal impact of state items), respectively, that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate, subject to the valuation allowance.  
  The liability for UTP is reflected within the condensed consolidated balance sheets as follows:         

The Company s policy is to include net interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for taxes within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company had approximately   $293,000   of net interest and penalties accrued at   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  . 
  Tax years prior to 2012 (the Company s fiscal year 2013) are generally not subject to examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) except for items involving tax attributes that have been carried forward to tax years whose statute of limitations remains open. The Company is currently under IRS audit for fiscal years 2012 and 2013 and expects to close those audits within the next twelve months. The Company s reserves for UTP s are expected to be sufficient to address matters that may arise under examination. For state returns, the Company is generally not subject to income tax examinations for years prior to 2011 (the Company s fiscal year 2012). The Company has a significant tax presence in Switzerland for which Swiss tax filings have been examined through fiscal year 2015. The Company is also subject to routine examinations by various foreign tax jurisdictions in which it operates. 

27 

Note   12  : Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  In accordance with accounting standards regarding loss contingencies, the Company accrues an undiscounted liability for those contingencies where the incurrence of a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company also discloses the amount accrued and the amount of a reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued, if such disclosure is necessary for its financial statements not to be misleading. The Company does not record liabilities when the likelihood that the liability has been incurred is probable but the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, or when the liability is believed to be only reasonably possible or remote. The Company evaluates at least quarterly, developments in its legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and makes adjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. The Company may be unable to estimate a possible loss or range of possible loss due to various reasons, including, among others: (i) if the damages sought are indeterminate; (ii) if the proceedings are in early stages, (iii) if there is uncertainty as to the outcome of pending appeals, motions or settlements, (iv) if there are significant factual issues to be determined or resolved, and (v) if there are novel or unsettled legal theories presented. In such instances, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss, if any.           
  From time to time, the Company is involved in various claims, litigation, and other legal actions that are normal to the nature of its business, including with respect to intellectual property, contract, product liability, employment, and environmental matters. The Company s evaluation of legal matters and proceedings often involves a series of complex assessments by management about future events and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. While the consequences of certain unresolved matters and proceedings are not presently determinable, and an estimate of the probable and reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of amounts accrued for such proceedings cannot be reasonably made, an adverse outcome from such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Company s earnings in any given reporting period. However, in the opinion of management, after consulting with legal counsel, and taking into account insurance coverage, any ultimate liability related to current outstanding claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial statements, as a whole. However, legal matters are inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Company s control. As such, even though the Company intends to vigorously defend itself with respect to its legal matters, there can be no assurance that the final outcome of these matters will not materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
    
  The Company s currently pending legal matters of note are discussed below: 
  Environmental Matters 
  In 2001, the Company was notified by the California Department of Toxic Substances Control ( State ) that it may have liability associated with the clean-up of the one-third acre Davis Chemical Company site in Los Angeles, California. The Company has been included in the clean-up program because it was one of the companies that used the Davis Chemical Company site for waste recycling and/or disposal between 1949 and 1990. The Company joined with other potentially responsible parties that sent acetone to the site and entered into a Consent Order with the State that required the group to perform a soils investigation at the site and submit a remediation plan. The State has approved the remediation plan, which addressed the group s initial obligations under the Consent Order. The Consent Order does not require the group to remediate the site and the State has indicated it intends to look to other parties for remediation. To date, the Company s share of the group s expenses has not been material and has been expensed as incurred. There is a pending settlement offer that would potentially resolve most, if not all, of the acetone group s potential liability. More recently, the State has indicated that it will pursue a smaller group of parties for additional remediation and/or costs, in particular parties the State alleges provided chlorinated solvents for recycling, including the Company. Due to the fact that there are fewer parties that are alleged to have provided chlorinated solvent wastes, the potential share of this alleged liability is much larger than the Company s share of acetone group potential liability. Settlement discussions regarding the potential liability for chlorinated solvents at the site have recently been initiated, but it is too soon to tell if those discussions will lead to a negotiated resolution of the issues. 
    
  The Company has used an environmental firm, specializing in hydrogeology, to perform monitoring of the groundwater at the Company s former facility in Newbury Park, California that was leased for approximately 40 years. The Company vacated the building in May 2002. Certain contaminants have been found in the local groundwater and site soils. The location of key soil contamination (and some related site groundwater impact associated with the soil contamination) is concentrated in and found to emanate from an area of an underground storage tank that the Company believes to have been installed and primarily used in the early 1960s by a former tenant at the site who preceded the Company s tenancy. There are no litigation claims pending with respect to environmental matters at the Newbury Park site.           
  The Los Angeles Regional Water Quality Control Board ( RWQCB ) having authority over the site issued joint instructions in November 2008, ordering the Company and the current owner of the site to perform additional assessments and surveys, and to create ongoing groundwater monitoring plans before any final regulatory action for  no further action  may be approved. In September 2009, the regulatory agency issued supplemental instructions to the Company and the current site owner regarding previously ordered site assessments, surveys and groundwater monitoring. In October 2013, an order was issued including a scope of proposed additional site work, monitoring, and proposed remediation activities. The Company filed appeals of the October 2013 order seeking reconsideration by the RWQCB and review by the State Water Resources Control Board ( SWRCB ) of the removal of two other potentially responsible parties, and seeking clarification of certain other factual findings. In April 2015, the RWQCB denied the Company s request to name the two other potentially responsible parties to the order, but did correct certain findings of fact identified by the Company in its petition for reconsideration. The SWRCB has not yet ruled on the Company s petition for review of the RWQCB s action as the petition was filed with a request it be held in abeyance.           
  The Company has been engaged with the regulatory agency, including technical discussion between the Company s environmental firm and RWQCB staff, and has initiated the technical efforts to comply with the order. The Company submitted technical reports prepared by the environmental firm to the RWQCB and has received confirmation regarding the satisfaction of portions of the order. The Company also submitted a remedial action plan prepared by the environmental firm outlining the cleanup of soil, groundwater, and soil vapor at the site. The Company's contractors have installed new monitoring wells and have submitted plans and applications in order to initiate pilot testing of a soil vapor extraction system. The parties are continuing to work toward compliance with the October 2013 order and anticipate working cooperatively on any ultimate proposed cleanup and abatement work. 
    
  The Company has accrued liabilities where it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the cost or amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Based on the latest determinations by the RWQCB and the draft remedial action plan, the Company determined a revised range of probable loss between   $5.2 million   and   $7.5 million  . Given the uncertainties associated with environmental assessment and the remediation activities, the Company is unable to determine a best estimate within the range of loss. Therefore, the Company has recorded the minimum amount of probable loss as follows within the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets.  

These estimates could change as a result of changes in planned remedial actions, further actions from the regulatory agency, remediation technology, and other factors. 
  Indemnification  
            The Company has entered into agreements with its current and former executives and directors indemnifying them against certain liabilities incurred in connection with the performance of their duties. The Company s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws contain comparable indemnification obligations with respect to the Company s current directors and employees. 
  Product Warranties 
    
  The Company s general warranty policy provides for repair or replacement of defective parts. In some cases, a refund of the purchase price is offered. In certain instances the Company has agreed to other or additional warranty terms, including indemnification provisions. 
    
  The product warranty accrual reflects the Company s best estimate of probable liability under its product warranties. The Company accrues for known warranty issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated, and accrues for estimated incurred but unidentified issues based on historical experience. Historically, warranty expense has been immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  Earn-out Liability 
  Pursuant to the terms of the amended earn-out arrangement ( Cycleo Amended Earn-out ) with the former stockholders of Cycleo SAS ( Cycleo Earn-out Beneficiaries ), which the Company acquired on March 7, 2012, the Company potentially may make payments totaling up to approximately   $16.0 million   based on the achievement of a combination of certain revenue and operating income milestones over a defined period ( Cycleo Defined Earn-out Period ). The Cycleo Defined Earn-out Period covers the period April 27, 2015 to April 26, 2020. For certain of the Cycleo Earn-out Beneficiaries, payment of the earn-out liability is contingent upon continued employment and is accounted for as post-acquisition compensation expense over the service period. The portion of the earn-out liability that is not dependent on continued employment is not considered as compensation expense. The Company recorded a liability for the Cycleo Amended Earn-out of   $8.3 million   and   $6.3 million   as of   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively, of which   $1.8 million   is expected to be paid within twelve months. 
    
  Pursuant to the terms of the Triune Earn-out with the former members of Triune ( Triune Earn-out Beneficiaries ), which the Company acquired on March 4, 2015, the Company potentially may make payments totaling up to approximately   $70.0 million   based on achievement of certain net revenue targets measured at each fiscal year end, starting with fiscal year 2016 and ending in fiscal year 2018. An additional payment of up to   $16.0 million   may be made based upon a combination of cumulative revenue and contribution margin targets measured from the acquisition date through the end of the Company s fiscal year 2018. For certain of the Triune Earn-out Beneficiaries, payment of the earn-out liability is contingent upon continued employment and is accounted for as post-acquisition compensation expense over the service period. The portion of the earn-out liability that is not dependent on continued employment is not considered as compensation expense. The Triune Earn-out targets for fiscal year 2016 were not met and the Company does not expect the fiscal year 2017 or 2018 targets to be achieved. Refer to Note   7   for additional discussion regarding fair value measurements. 
  A summary of earn-out liabilities by classification follows: 

28 

Note 13: Concentration of Risk 
  The following significant customers accounted for at least   10%   of net sales in one or more of the periods indicated:    

  The Company did not have any customer that accounted for at least   10%   of total net receivables as of   October 30, 2016   or   January 31, 2016  . 
  Outside Subcontractors and Suppliers 
  The Company relies on a limited number of outside subcontractors and suppliers for the production of silicon wafers, packaging and certain other tasks. Disruption or termination of supply sources or subcontractors, including due to natural disasters such as an earthquake or other causes, could delay shipments and could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Although there are generally alternate sources for these materials and services, qualification of the alternate sources could cause delays sufficient to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Several of the Company s outside subcontractors and suppliers, including third-party foundries that supply silicon wafers, are located in foreign countries, including China, Taiwan, Europe and Israel. The Company s largest source of silicon wafers is an outside foundry located in China and a significant amount of the Company s assembly and test operations are conducted by third-party contractors in China, Malaysia, Taiwan, Thailand, Korea and the Philippines. For the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively, approximately   24%   and   29%  , respectively, of the Company s silicon in terms of cost of wafers was supplied by a third-party foundry in China, and these percentages could be higher in future periods.  
  In the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , authorized distributors accounted for approximately   64%   of the Company s net sales compared to approximately   56%   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016  . Generally, the Company does not have long-term contracts with its distributors and most can terminate   th  eir agreement with little or no notice. For the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , our two largest distributors were based in Asia.  

29 

Note   14  : Segment information 
  Segment Information 
    
  The Company had   five   operating segments that existed prior to the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 and currently has   four  . The Company s CEO functions as the CODM. The Company s CODM makes operating decisions and assesses performance based on these operating segments. The   four   operating segments: Protection Products Group, Power and High Reliability Products Group, Signal Integrity Products Group, and Wireless and Sensing Products Group, all have similar economic characteristics and have been aggregated into   one   reportable segment identified in the table below as the  Semiconductor Products Group .  
    
  On August 5, 2016, the Company completed its divestiture of its Snowbush IP business. Beginning in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company no longer has a Systems Innovation Group or an  All others  category, which used to be a separate operating segment. 
    
  The Company s assets are commingled among the various reporting units and the CODM does not use that information in making operating decisions or assessing performance. Therefore, the Company has not included asset information by segment below.  
    
  Net sales by segment are as follows:   

Income by segment and reconciliation to consolidated operating income: 

30 

Information by Product Line 
  The Company operates exclusively in the semiconductor industry and primarily within the analog and mixed-signal sector. 
  The table below provides net sales activity by product line on a comparative basis for all periods. 

The cost of the Warrant granted is recognized as an offset to net sales over the respective performance period (see Note   5   for discussion regarding Share-Based Compensation). 
  Geographic Information 
  The Company generates virtually all of its sales from its Semiconductor Products Group through sales of analog and mixed-signal devices. 
  Net sales activity by geographic region is as follows:   

  The Company attributes sales to a country based on the ship-to address. The table below summarizes sales activity to countries that represented greater than   10%   of total net sales for one or more of the periods presented: 

31 

The Company s regional income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes is as follows: 

Additionally, the impact of the Warrant is included in the domestic performance above. 

32 

Note   15  : Stock Repurchase Program 
    
  Stock Repurchase Program  
    
  The Company maintains a stock repurchase program that was initially approved by its Board of Directors in March 2008. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date and the Company s Board of Directors has authorized expansion of the program over the years. The following table summarizes activity under the repurchase program for the three and nine month periods listed below: 

As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company had repurchased   $136.2 million   in shares of its common stock under the program since inception and the current remaining authorization under the program is   $62.2 million  . Under the program, the Company may repurchase its common stock at any time or from time to time, without prior notice, subject to market conditions and other considerations. The Company s repurchases may be made through Rule 10b5-1 or other trading plans, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases or other transactions. The Company intends to fund repurchases under the program from cash on hand. The Company has no obligation to repurchase any shares under the program and may suspend or discontinue it at any time. 
  
   33 

Note 16: Divestitures 
  In the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company completed its divestiture of its defense and microwave communications infrastructure business to Jariet Technologies, Inc. ( Jariet ) in exchange for an equity interest in that company. For the   three   months ended   October 25, 2015  , the defense and microwave communications infrastructure business accounted for   $0.2 million   in net revenue and non-recurring engineering ( NRE ) reimbursements. For the   nine   months ended   October 25, 2015  , the defense and microwave communications infrastructure business accounted for   $4.3 million   in net revenue and NRE reimbursements. This business was part of the Sierra Monolithics, Inc. acquisition completed by the Company in December 2009. 
  Under the terms of the transaction with Jariet, the Company contributed assets, including inventory and equipment with a net book value of   $0.6 million   in exchange for an   equity interest in the form of preferred stock  , representing an approximately   21%   voting interest in Jariet. Due to the anticipated continuing cash flows from its investment in Jariet, the Company did not account for the divestiture as a discontinued operation. In addition to the contribution of assets, certain contracts were novated with future performance responsibilities being transferred to Jariet. The investment in Jariet was written off in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
  On August 5, 2016, the Company completed its divestiture of its Snowbush IP business (previously part of the Company s Systems Innovation Group) to Rambus for a purchase price of   $32.0 million   in cash along with the opportunity to receive additional payments from Rambus through 2022 based upon a percentage of sales by Rambus of new products expected to be developed by Rambus from the disposed assets. The Company recognized a gain of   $25.0 million   on the disposition of this business in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, which is recorded in  Gain on disposition of business operations  within the condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company is accounting for any potential receipt of proceeds a gain contingency; therefore, any additional payments will be recognized as they are received. The cash proceeds from the disposition of this business are included in  Proceeds from disposition of business operations  within the cash flows from investing activities section of the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows.    
   
  Note   17  : Restructuring 
  During fiscal year 2016, Semtech Corporation announced a worldwide reduction in force as part of an overall plan to align operating expenses with business conditions and to leverage recent infrastructure investments. 
    
  Restructuring related liabilities are included within  Accrued liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  , respectively. Restructuring charges, if any, are presented within  Restructuring charge  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  The following table summarizes the restructuring activity for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016  : 

Note 18: Variable Interest Entities 
    
  The Company analyzes its investments or other interests to determine whether it represents a variable interest in a variable interest entity ( VIE ). If so, the Company evaluates the facts to determine whether it is the primary beneficiary. The Company considers itself to be the primary beneficiary when it has both the power to direct activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIEs economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses from or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.   With regards to its investment in MultiPhy, the Company concluded that its equity interest represents a variable interest, but it is not the primary beneficiary as prescribed in ASC 810. Specifically, in reaching this conclusion, the Company considered the activities that most significantly drive profitability for MultiPhy and determined that the activity that most significantly drove profitability was related to the technology and related product road maps. The Company has a board observer role and thus concluded that it was not in a position of decision-making or other authority to influence MultiPhy s activities that could be considered significant with respect to its operations, including research and development plans and changes to the product road map. 
  
   34 

As of   October 30, 2016  , the Company s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its investment in MultiPhy is limited to the   $14.0 million   investment as described further in Note   6  . As part of its investment in MultiPhy, the Company received a call option that would allow the Company to purchase all of the outstanding equity interests of MultiPhy. The call option, which is currently out of the money, is exercisable through June 30, 2018. 

35 

Note   19  : Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
    
  The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions and principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company, on a routine basis and in the normal course of business, experiences expenses denominated in Swiss Franc ( CHF ), Canadian Dollar ( CAD ) and Great British Pound ( GBP ). Such expenses expose the Company to exchange rate fluctuations between these foreign currencies and the U.S. Dollar ( USD ). The Company uses derivative financial instruments in the form of forward contracts, to mitigate risk associated with adverse movements in these foreign currency exchange rates on a portion of foreign denominated expenses expected to be realized during the current and following fiscal year.   Currency forward contracts involve fixing the exchange rate for delivery of a specified amount of foreign currency on a specified date. 
    
  The Company records all derivatives within the condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value, with assets included in  Other current assets  and liabilities included in  Accrued liabilities . The Company s accounting treatment for these instruments is based on whether or not the instruments are designated as a hedging instrument. The Company is currently applying hedge accounting to all foreign currency derivatives and has designated these hedges as cash flow hedges. 
    
  At   October 30, 2016  , the Company had the following outstanding foreign exchange contracts: 

These contracts, with maturities extending into the subsequent fiscal year, met the criteria for cash flow hedges and the unrealized gains or losses, after tax, are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive gain in shareholders  equity. The effective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ( AOCI ) until the hedged item is recognized in selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expense within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income when the underlying hedged expense is recognized. Any ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in  Non-operating (expense) income, net  within the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. The Company presents its derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values on the condensed consolidated balance sheets.  
    
  The table below summarizes the carrying values of derivative instruments as of   October 30, 2016   and   January 31, 2016  : 

Carrying Values of Derivative Instruments as of October 30, 2016 
      (in thousands) 
      
    Fair Value - Assets (2) 
      
    Fair Value - (Liabilities) (2) 
      
    Derivative Net Carrying Value 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts (1) 
      
    $ 
    215 

$ 
    (445 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (230 
    ) 
      Total derivatives 
      
    $ 
    215 

$ 
    (445 
    ) 
      
    $ 
    (230 
    ) 

Carrying Values of Derivative Instruments as of January 31, 2016 

Fair Value - Assets (2) 
      
    Fair Value - (Liabilities) (2) 
      
    Derivative Net Carrying Value 
      Derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts (1) 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

Total derivatives 
      
    $ 

$ 

$ 

(1)  
    Assets are included in  Other current assets  and liabilities are included in  Accrued liabilities  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
              (2)  
    The fair values of the foreign exchange forward contracts are valued using Level 2 inputs. Please refer to Note   7  . 

36 

The following table summarizes the amount of income recognized from derivative instruments for the   three   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015   as well as the line items within the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income where the results are recorded for cash flow hedges: 
                                                                       
    Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) 
      
     Location of Gain or Loss into Income (Effective Portion) 
      
    Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) 
      
    Location of Gain or Loss Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
      
    Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
        
    Three Months Ended 

Three Months Ended 

Three Months Ended 
      (in thousands) 
    October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 

October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 

October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 
      Sell USD/Buy CHF Forward Contract 
    $ 
    (85 
    ) 
      
    $ 

SG A 
      
    $ 
    (24 
    ) 
      
    $ 

SG A 
      
    $ 
    (1 
    ) 
      
    $ 

Sell USD/Buy CAD Forward Contract 
    (141 
    ) 

SG A 
      
    (334 
    ) 

SG A 

Sell USD/Buy GBP Forward Contract 
    (196 
    ) 

SG A 
      
    270 

SG A 
      
    (2 
    ) 

$ 
    (422 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    (88 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    (3 
    ) 
      
    $ 

The following table summarizes the amount of income recognized from derivative instruments for the   nine   months ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015   as well as the line items within the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income where the results are recorded for cash flow hedges: 
                                                                       
    Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative (Effective Portion) 
      
     Location of Gain or Loss into Income (Effective Portion) 
      
    Amount of (Gain) Loss Reclassified from AOCI into Income (Effective Portion) 
      
    Location of Gain or Loss Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
      
    Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative (Ineffective Portion and Amount Excluded from Effectiveness Testing) 
        
    Nine Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 

Nine Months Ended 
      (in thousands) 
    October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 

October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 

October 30, 2016 
      
    October 25, 2015 
      Sell USD/Buy CHF Forward Contract 
    $ 
    51 

$ 

SG A 
      
    $ 
    (72 
    ) 
      
    $ 

SG A 
      
    $ 

$ 

Sell USD/Buy CAD Forward Contract 
    1,113 

SG A 
      
    (909 
    ) 

SG A 
      
    5 

Sell USD/Buy GBP Forward Contract 
    (843 
    ) 

SG A 
      
    435 

SG A 
      
    (3 
    ) 

$ 
    321 

$ 

$ 
    (546 
    ) 
      
    $ 

$ 
    2 

$ 

The amount of losses, net of tax, related to the effective portion of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges included in  Accumulated other comprehensive income  within the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015   was   $0.2 million   and   $0.0 million  . Any gains or losses under these contracts are expected to be realized and reclassified to selling, general and administrative within the next fifteen months. 

37 

Note   20  : Subsequent Events 
    
  On November 15, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), the Company, with certain of its domestic subsidiaries as guarantors (the  Guarantors ), entered into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with the Lenders, and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent and as swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement amended and restated the Prior Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the Lenders provided the Company with senior secured first lien credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of   $400.0 million  , consisting of term loans in an aggregate initial principal amount of   $150.0 million   and revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of   $250.0 million  . Up to   $40.0 million   of the revolving commitments may be used to obtain letters of credit, up to   $25.0 million   of the revolving commitments may be used to obtain swing line loans, and up to   $40.0 million   of the revolving commitments may be used to obtain revolving loans and letters of credit in certain currencies other than U.S. Dollars. Each of the term loans and the revolving commitments is scheduled to mature on   November 12, 2021  . As of November 15, 2016, there were no amounts outstanding under the letters of credit, swing line loans and alternative currency sub-facilities. 
    
  As of November 15, 2016,   $247.0 million   of borrowings were outstanding under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, consisting of   $150.0 million   in term loans and   $97.0 million   in revolving loans, and there was   $153.0 million   of undrawn revolving commitments. The proceeds of the revolving credit facility may be used by the Company for capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions, permitted dividends, working capital and general corporate purposes. 
    
  The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions, the Company may request the establishment of one or more additional term loan facilities and/or increases to the revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the sum of (a)   $150.0 million   and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all voluntary prepayments of term loans made prior to the date of incurrence of such additional term loan facilities and/or increases to the revolving commitments. The Lenders will have an opportunity to, but are not required to participate in the additional term loan facilities and/or revolving commitment increases. If the Lenders do not agree to provide such incremental facilities, the Company may request such additional and/or increased facilities from additional lenders. 
    
  Interest on loans made under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in U.S. Dollars accrues, at Semtech s option, at a rate per annum equal to (1) the New Base Rate (as defined below) plus a margin ranging from   0.25%   to   1.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio or (2) LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) for an interest period to be selected by Semtech plus a margin ranging from   1.25%   to   2.25%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio (such margin, the  New Applicable Margin ). The initial interest margin will be   2.00%   for Base Rate loans and   1.00%   for LIBOR rate loans, applicable until 2 business days following delivery of a compliance certificate by Semtech to the administrative agent with respect to the first fiscal period ending after the Closing Date. The  New Base Rate  is equal to a fluctuating rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate of the administrative agent, (b)   of 1% above the federal funds effective rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and (c) one-month LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) plus   1.00%  .  Interest on loans made under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement in alternative currencies accrues at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in the applicable alternative currency) (other than loans made in Canadian Dollars, for which a special reference rate for Canadian Dollars applies) for an interest period to be selected by Semtech plus the New Applicable Margin. 
    
  Commitment fees on the unused portion of the revolving commitments accrue at a rate per annum ranging from   0.20%   to   0.45%   depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio, provided the initial commitment fee shall be   0.40%   per annum, applicable until 2 business days following delivery of a compliance certificate by Semtech to the administrative agent with respect to the first fiscal period ending after the Closing Date. With respect to letters of credit, Semtech will pay the administrative agent, for the account of the lenders under the revolving credit facility, letter of credit participation fees at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin then in effect with respect to LIBOR-based loans under the revolving commitments on the face amount of all outstanding letters of credit. Semtech will also pay HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as the issuing bank, a fronting fee for each letter of credit issued under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement at a rate equal to   0.125%   per annum based on the maximum amount available to be drawn under each such letter of credit, as well as its customary documentation fees. 
    
  All obligations of Semtech under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by each of the Guarantors, which currently consist of all of the direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries of Semtech. Semtech and the Guarantors have also pledged substantially all of their assets to secure their obligations under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, including Semtech s owned real property located in Camarillo, California. 
    
  The outstanding principal balance of the term loans will be subject to repayment in quarterly installments beginning on the last day of Semtech s fiscal quarter ending closest to January 31, 2017 in an amount equal to $3,750,000 per quarter for the first  
  
   38 

two years after the Closing Date, $4,697,500 per quarter in the third and fourth years following the Closing Date, and $5,625,000 per quarter in the fifth year following the Closing Date, with the balance being due at maturity on November 12, 2021.    No amortization is required with respect to the revolving credit facility. Semtech may voluntarily prepay borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty, other than customary  breakage costs  and fees for LIBOR-based loans. 
    
  The term loans must be mandatorily prepaid using the proceeds of certain dispositions of assets and receipt of insurance proceeds, subject to agreed-upon thresholds and exceptions and customary reinvestment rights. 
    
  The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement contains customary covenants, including limitations on Company s ability to, among other things, incur indebtedness, create liens on assets, engage in certain fundamental corporate changes, make investments, sell or otherwise dispose of assets, repurchase stock, pay dividends or make similar distributions, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and make capital expenditures.  In addition, the Company must comply with the following financial covenants, tested at the end of each fiscal quarter on a trailing four-quarter basis: (i) a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 3.00 to 1.00 and (ii) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of   3.00   to 1.00 provided that, such maximum consolidated leverage ratio may be increased to   3.25   to 1.00 or   3.50   to 1.00, as applicable, for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or after the date of consummation of a permitted acquisition which constitutes a  Material Acquisition  under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
    
  The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also contains customary provisions pertaining to events of default. If any event of default occurs, the principal, interest, and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding amounts can become due and payable immediately by action of the administrative agent acting upon the instructions of or with the consent of the Lenders representing more than   50%   of the revolving commitments and outstanding term loans or automatically upon the occurrence of certain bankruptcy events related to the Company. 
  
   39 

ITEM 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Quarterly Report ) and the  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking and Cautionary Statements  in this Quarterly Report.  
   
  Overview 
  Semtech Corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the  Company ,  we ,  our , or  us ) designs, develops, manufactures and markets high-performance analog and mixed signal semiconductor products. Beginning with the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we operate and account for results in one reportable segment. Prior to the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, we also had one non-reportable segment. See Note   14   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  Our current product lines include: 
  Signal Integrity Products.   We design, develop and market a portfolio of optical communications, broadcast video, surveillance video, active cable transceiver and backplane products used in a wide variety of enterprise computing, industrial, communications and high-end consumer applications. Our comprehensive portfolio of integrated circuits ( ICs ) for optical transceivers, backplane applications and high-speed interfaces ranges from 100Mbps to 100Gbps and supports key industry standards such as Fibre Channel, Infiniband, Ethernet, passive optical networks ( PON ) and SONET. Our broadcast video products offer advanced solutions for next generation video formats, ever increasing data rates and evolving I/O and distance requirements. Our security and surveillance products for high-definition closed circuit television ( HDcctv ) enable upgrade of analog closed circuit television installations to full digital HD, leveraging the installed base of COAX cabling, and our fully integrated transmit and receive products enable the highest performance, longest reach HDcctv standards-compliant designs. 
  We also sell proprietary advanced wired communication, ultra-high speed Serializer/Deserializer ( SerDes ) products for long-haul optical transport communication. These ICs perform transmission functions used in high-speed networks at 40Gbps and 100Gbps. We have ceased development of new products for this market due to our strategic decision in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014 to reduce investment in the long-haul optical market, but we continue to service our existing customer base. 
  Protection Products.   We design, develop and market high performance protection devices, which are often referred to as transient voltage suppressors ( TVS ). TVS devices provide protection for electronic systems where voltage spikes (called transients), such as electrostatic discharge or secondary lightning surge energy, can permanently damage sensitive complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor ( CMOS ) ICs. Our portfolio of protection solutions include filter and termination devices that are integrated with the TVS device. Our products provide robust protection while preserving signal integrity in high-speed communications, networking and video interfaces. These products also operate at very low voltage. Our protection products can be found in a broad range of applications including smart phones, LCD TVs, set-top boxes, tablets, computers, notebooks, base stations, routers, automobile, and industrial instruments. 
  Wireless and Sensing Products.   We design, develop and market a portfolio of specialized radio frequency products used in a wide variety of industrial, medical and communications applications, and specialized sensing products used in industrial and consumer applications. Our wireless products feature industry leading and longest range industrial, scientific and medical radio, enabling a lower total cost of ownership and increased reliability in all environments. This makes these products particularly suitable for machine to machine ( M2M ) and Internet of Things ( IoT ) applications. Our unique sensing interface platforms can interface to any sensor and output digital data in any form. Specifically, the proximity sensing capability of our devices enable advanced user interface solutions for mobile and consumer products. Our wireless and sensing products can be found in a broad range of applications in the industrial, medical and consumer markets. 
  Power and High-Reliability Products.     We design, develop and market power product devices that control, alter, regulate and condition the power within electronic systems. The highest volume product types within the power product line are switching voltage regulators, combination switching and linear regulators, smart regulators, charge pumps and wireless charging. Our Power products feature highly integrated functionality for the communications, industrial and computing markets and low-power, small form factor and high-efficiency products for smart phones and other mobile devices, notebook computers, computer peripherals and other consumer devices. The primary application for these products is power regulation for enterprise computing, communications, high-end consumer and industrial systems. Our high-reliability discrete semiconductor products are comprised of rectifiers, assemblies (packaged discrete rectifiers) and other products that are typically used to convert alternating currents into direct currents and to protect circuits against very high voltage spikes or high current surges.  
    
  Our high-reliability products can be found in a broad range of applications including industrial, military, medical, automotive, aerospace and defense systems, including satellite communications. 
  
   40 

Prior to the third quarter of fiscal 2017, our Systems Innovation Group combined the analog/mixed signal design competencies from our previous Sierra Monolithics, Inc. and Gennum Corporation acquisitions and was chartered with developing innovative analog/mixed signal intellectual property ( IP ) for emerging systems. These IP cores were targeted at the datacenter, cloud computing and storage networking markets and complement our rapidly growing library of analog/mixed signal IP Cores that have been developed over several years by our former Snowbush IP team based in Canada. We also have developed advanced products in Data Converter IP at the latest, cutting edge CMOS process nodes that are targeted at high performance communications systems. On August 5, 2016, we completed the divestiture of our Snowbush IP business to Rambus Inc. ( Rambus ) for $32.0 million in cash along with the opportunity to receive additional payments from Rambus through 2022 based upon a percentage of sales by Rambus of new products expected to be developed by Rambus from the disposed assets. In the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, we recorded a gain of $25.0 million on the disposition of this business. Other than this gain, the divestiture did not and is not expected to have a material impact on our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  Our net sales by product line are as follows: 

Most of our sales to customers are made on the basis of individual customer purchase orders. Many customers include cancellation provisions in their purchase orders. Trends within the industry toward shorter lead-times and  just-in-time  deliveries have resulted in our reduced ability to predict future shipments. As a result, we rely on orders received and shipped within the same quarter for a significant portion of our sales. Orders received and shipped in the   third   quarters of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   represented 64% and 56% of net sales, respectively. Sales made directly to customers during the   third   quarters of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   were 36% and   44%   of net sales, respectively. The remaining sales were made through independent distributors.     Our business relies on foreign-based entities. Most of our outside subcontractors and suppliers, including third-party foundries that supply silicon wafers, are located in foreign countries, including China, Taiwan, Europe and Israel. For the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively, approximately   24%   and   29%  , respectively, of the Company s silicon in terms of cost of wafers was supplied by a third-party foundry in China, and these percentages could be higher in future periods. Foreign sales during the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   constituted approximately 89% and 86%, respectively, of our net sales. Approximately 87% and 82% of foreign sales during the   third   quarters of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively, were to customers located in the Asia-Pacific region. The remaining foreign sales were primarily to customers in Europe, Canada, and Mexico. 
  We use several metrics as indicators of future potential growth. The indicators that we believe best correlate to potential future revenue growth are design wins and new product releases. There are many factors that may cause a design win or new product release not to result in sales, including a customer decision not to go to system production, a change in a customer s perspective regarding a product s value or a customer s product failing in the end-market. As a result, although a design win or new product introduction is an important step towards generating future revenue, it does not inevitably result in us being awarded business or receiving a purchase commitment. 
  Historically, our results have reflected some seasonality, with demand levels generally lower in the computer and high-end consumer product lines during the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal year in comparison to the second and third quarters. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  In addition to the discussion below, please refer to the disclosures regarding our critical accounting policies in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on   March 31, 2016  . 
  
   41 

Fiscal Periods 
  We report results on the basis of   52   and   53   week periods and end our fiscal year on the last Sunday in January. The other quarters generally end on the last Sunday of April, July and October. All quarters consist of   13   weeks except for one   14  -week period in the fourth quarter of   53  -week years. The   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   each consisted of   13   weeks. 
  Revenue and Cost of Sales 
  We recognize product revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collectability is probable. Product design and engineering recoveries are recognized during the period in which services are performed and are recorded as an offset to the related expenses. Historically, these recoveries have not exceeded the cost of the related development efforts. We include revenue related to technology licenses as part of  Net sales.  Historically, revenue from these arrangements has not been significant though it is part of our recurring ordinary business. 
  On October 5, 2016, we issued a warrant (the  Warrant ) to Comcast Cable Communications Management LLC ( Comcast ) to purchase up to 1,086,957 shares (the  Warrant Shares ) of our common stock. The cost of the Warrant is recognized as an offset to net sales over the respective performance period since the Warrant was issued to our customer in exchange for services. 
    
  We record a provision for estimated sales returns in the same period as the related sales are recorded. We base these estimates on historical sales returns and other known factors. Actual returns could be different from our estimates and current provisions for sales returns and allowances, resulting in future charges to earnings. 
  We record a provision for sales rebates in the same period as the related sales are recorded. These estimates are based on sales activity during the period. Actual rebates given could be different from our estimates and current provisions for sales rebates, resulting in future charges to earnings. The estimated sales rebates for sales activity during the period where there are no outstanding receivables are recorded within the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the heading of  Accrued liabilities.  The portion of the estimated sales rebate where there are outstanding receivables is recorded within the condensed consolidated balance sheets as a reduction to accounts receivable. 
  We defer revenue recognition on shipment of products to certain customers, principally distributors, under agreements which provide for limited pricing credits or product return privileges, until these products are sold through to end users or the return privileges lapse. For sales subject to certain pricing credits or return privileges, the amount of future pricing credits or inventory returns cannot be reasonably estimated given the relatively long period in which a particular product may be held by the customer. Therefore, we have concluded that sales to customers under these agreements are not fixed and determinable at the date of the sale and revenue recognition has been deferred. We estimate the deferred gross margin on these sales by          applying an average gross margin to the actual gross sales. The average gross margin is calculated for each category of material using current standard costs. The estimated deferred gross margin on these sales, where there are no outstanding receivables, is recorded within the condensed consolidated balance sheets under the heading of  Deferred revenue.  There were no significant impairments of deferred cost of revenues in the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   or 2016.   
  The following table summarizes the deferred revenue balance: 

Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
  Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 815, Derivatives and Hedging, provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items, and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. Further, qualitative disclosures are required that explain our objectives and strategies for using derivatives, as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments, and disclosures about credit-risk-related contingent features in derivative instruments. 
  
   42 

As required by ASC 815, we record all derivatives on the condensed consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether we have elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows, or other types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. We may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of our risks, even though hedge accounting does not apply or we elect not to apply hedge accounting. 
  In accordance with the FASB s fair value measurement guidance, we have made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of our derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. 
  Gross Profit 
  Gross profit is equal to our net sales less our cost of sales. Our cost of sales includes materials, depreciation on fixed assets used in the manufacturing process, shipping costs, direct labor and overhead. We determine the cost of inventory by the first-in, first-out method.  
  Operating Costs 
  Our operating costs and expenses generally consist of selling, general and administrative, product development and engineering costs, costs associated with acquisitions, restructuring charges, and other operating related charges.  
  Results of Operations 
  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of revenues. 

43 

Our regional mix of income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes is as follows: 

Domestic performance from continuing operations includes amortization of acquired intangible assets and higher levels of share-based compensation compared to foreign operations. Additionally, the impact of the Warrant is included in the domestic performance above. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), which will require that substantially all leases be recognized by lessees on their balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability, including leases currently accounted for as operating leases. The new standard also will result in enhanced quantitative and qualitative disclosures, including significant judgments made by management, to provide greater insight into the extent of revenue and expense recognized and expected to be recognized from existing leases. The standard requires modified retrospective adoption and will be effective December 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the basis of adoption and evaluating the impact of the adoption of the update on our consolidated financial statements. 
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330) Related to Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory which will apply to all inventory except inventory that is measured using last-in, first-out ( LIFO ) or the retail inventory method. Inventory measured using first-in, first-out or average cost is covered by the new amendments. Inventory within the scope of the new guidance should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory measured using LIFO or the retail inventory method. The amendments will take effect for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance should be applied prospectively, and earlier application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We do not expect the adoption of this update to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will require an entity to recognize revenue from the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance addresses, in particular, contracts with more than one performance obligation, as well as the accounting for some costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer, and provides for additional disclosures with respect to revenues and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Public entities are required to apply the amendments on either a full- or modified-retrospective basis for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and for interim periods within those annual periods. This update will be effective beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently assessing the basis of adoption and evaluating the impact of the adoption of the update on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   44 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015    
  All periods presented in the following summary of sales by major end-market reflect our current classification methodology (see Note   1   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report for a description of each market category):  

(1) 
    Approximately $11.4 million and $7.4 million of our total net sales to Samsung Electronics (and affiliates) in the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively, were for products that target the handheld market (which includes mobile phones). This activity is included in the high-end consumer end-market category. 
     Net     Sales    
  Net sales for the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   were   $137.2 million  , an   increase   of   18%   compared to   $115.8 million   for the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016  . During the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , we benefited from strong demand from hyper-scale datacenters for our optical transceiver products, growing demand for our LoRa  and proximity sensing products and demand for our Protection products for mobile devices. This strength was offset by lower sales of our passive optical network products and the $3.7 million impact from the Warrant granted to Comcast which offset net sales. 
  Based on recent bookings trends and our backlog entering the quarter, we estimate net sales for the   fourth   quarter of fiscal year   2017   to be between $133.2 million and $141.2 million. 
  Gross Profit    
  In the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , gross profit   increase  d to   $81.1 million   from   $69.6 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016  . Gross margins were   59.1%   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   compared to   60.1%   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016  . The gross margins in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 were unfavorably impacted by the impact of the Warrant granted to Comcast. 
  In the   fourth   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , we expect our gross margins to be similar in comparison to the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  . 
  Operating Costs and Expenses    

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses   increase  d by   $4.4 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   compared to the same quarter of fiscal year   2016  . SG A expense in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   was impacted by higher equity compensation expense and a $2.1 million bad debt reserve for a customer that filed for bankruptcy.  
  
   45 

Product Development and Engineering Expenses 
  Product development and engineering expenses   decrease  d by   $1.3 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   compared to the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016   as a result of lower compensation expense and research and development spending, including cost savings associated with the divestiture of our Snowbush IP business. 
  The levels of product development and engineering expenses reported in a fiscal period can be significantly impacted, and therefore experience period over period volatility, by the number of new product tape-outs and by the timing of recoveries from non-recurring engineering services which are typically recorded as a reduction to product development and engineering expense. 
  Intangible Amortization 
  Intangible amortization was   $6.3 million   and   $6.3 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively.  
  Gain on disposition of business operations 
  In the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, we completed our divestiture of Snowbush IP to Rambus. As a result, we recognized a gain of $25.0 million on the disposition of this business in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  . 
  Interest Expense, Net 
  Interest and amortization of debt discount and expense was   $1.9 million   and   $2.0 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   and   2016  , respectively. The   decrease   is primarily related to lower debt levels, partially offset by slightly higher interest rates associated with our elevated leverage ratios. 
  We expect the interest rate on our credit facility to decrease slightly in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 as the benefit from lower leverage ratios is partially offset by the higher interest rate environment. See  Liquidity and Capital Resources.  
  Income Taxes 
  In the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  , we recorded an income tax provision of   $5.7 million   compared to   $5.5 million   in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2016  . The effective tax rates for the   third   quarter of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   were a provision of   15.7%   and   33.8%  , respectively. The effective tax rate in the   third   quarter of fiscal year 2016 was higher than the effective tax rate in   third   quarter of fiscal year 2017 due to higher levels of U.S. based losses for which no tax benefit is recognized. The performance of our U.S. operations has improved as a result of the restructuring activities that occurred in fiscal year 2016. 
  Our effective tax rate in the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017   differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35%     due primarily to a valuation reserve against our deferred tax assets and certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S. taxes are provided. As a result of the valuation reserves that we maintain against our U.S. based deferred tax assets, our effective tax rate is subject to extreme volatility during periods when our U.S. operations experience significant losses in relation to total income from continuing operations before income taxes. 
  We intend to indefinitely reinvest all of our unremitted foreign earnings, and as a result, have not provided U.S. taxes on these earnings. We currently do not need these earnings to support our U.S. operations. If these unremitted foreign earnings are needed for our U.S. operations or can no longer be permanently reinvested outside the U.S., we would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes on these earnings. 
  As a global organization, we are subject to audit by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. To the extent that an audit, or the closure of a statute of limitations, results in our adjusting our reserves for uncertain tax positions, our effective tax rate could experience extreme volatility since any adjustment would be recorded as a discrete item in the period of adjustment. 
  
   46 

Comparison of the   Nine   Months Ended   October 30, 2016   and   October 25, 2015    
  All periods presented in the following summary of sales by major end-market reflect our current classification methodology (see Note   1   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report for a description of each market category):  

(1) 
    Approximately $29.8 million and $24.2 million of our total net sales to Samsung Electronics (and affiliates) in the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively, were for products that target the handheld market (which includes mobile phones). This activity is included in the high-end consumer end-market category. 
     Net     Sales    
  Net sales for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   were   $404.2 million  , an   increase   of   9%   compared to   $371.6 million   for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  .     Sales in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , benefited from hyper-scale datacenters for our optical transceiver products solutions and stronger sales of our LoRa  products. This strength was offset by lower sales of high-end consumer product into the printer and LCD display markets and lower sales into the China smart phone market and the $3.7 million impact of the Warrant granted to Comcast. 
  Gross Profit    
  In the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , gross profit   increase  d to   $241.4 million   from   $223.6 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . Gross margins were   59.7%   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   compared to   60.2%   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . The gross margins in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   were unfavorably impacted by the impact of the Warrant granted to Comcast. 
  Operating Costs and Expenses    

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative ( SG A ) expenses decreased by   $0.7 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   compared to the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . SG A expense for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   benefited from the non-reoccurrence of costs associated with our ERP system that was placed into service in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 and the benefit of cost reduction actions taken during fiscal year 2016. These cost savings were partially offset by higher compensation expense, including a $6.0 million increase in share-based compensation. Share-based compensation expense in the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 benefited from the re-measurement of value for awards accounted for as liability awards, higher levels of forfeitures associated with restructuring activities and changes to performance assumptions related to awards with performance vesting conditions.   
  
   47 

Product Development and Engineering Expenses 
  Product development and engineering expenses decreased by   $7.7 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   compared to the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016   as a result of lower compensation expense and research and development spending, including cost savings associated with the restructuring activities undertaken in the past year. These savings were partially offset by development costs associated with our acquisitions of EnVerv, Inc. ( EnVerv ) and Triune Systems, L.L.C. ( Triune ). 
  Intangible Amortization 
  Intangible amortization was   $19.0 million   and   $18.6 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively. The higher amortization expense in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   related to in-process research and development that was reclassified from infinite lived to finite lived in the third quarter of fiscal year 2016. 
  Gain on disposition of business operations 
  In the   third   quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company completed its divestiture of Snowbush IP to Rambus. As a result, the Company recognized a gain of $25.0 million on the disposition of this business in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , which is recorded in  Gain on disposition of business operations  within the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
  Interest Expense, Net 
  Interest and amortization of debt discount and expense was   $5.9 million   and   $5.7 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016  , respectively. The increase is primarily related to slightly higher interest rates associated with our elevated leverage ratios, partially offset by lower debt levels. 
  Income Taxes 
  In the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , we recorded an income tax provision of   $15.4 million   compared to   $9.8 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . The effective tax rates for the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   were a provision of   24.9%   and   48.8%  , respectively. The effective tax rate in the first   nine   months of fiscal year 2016 was higher than the effective tax rate in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   due to higher levels of U.S. based losses for which no tax benefit is recognized. The performance of our U.S. operations has improved as a result of the restructuring activities that occurred during fiscal year 2016.   
  Our effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% due primarily to a valuation reserve against our deferred tax assets and certain undistributed foreign earnings for which no U.S taxes are provided. As a result of the valuation reserves that we maintain against our U.S. based deferred tax assets, our effective tax rate is subject to extreme volatility during periods when our U.S. operations experience significant losses in relation to total income from continuing operations before income taxes. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  Our capital requirements depend on a variety of factors, including the rate of increase or decrease in our existing business base; the success, timing and amount of investment required to bring new products to market; revenue growth or decline; and potential acquisitions. We believe that we have the financial resources necessary to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the next 12 months, including funds needed for working capital.   
  As of   October 30, 2016  , our total stockholders  equity was   $585.9 million  . At that date we also had approximately   $297.9 million   in cash and cash equivalents, and   $247.9 million   of borrowings, net of debt discount. 
  
   48 

Our primary sources and uses of cash for the corresponding periods are presented below:                    

  We incur significant expenditures in order to fund the development, design, and manufacture of new products. We intend to continue to focus on those areas that have shown potential for viable and profitable market opportunities, which may require additional investment in equipment and the hiring of additional design and application engineers aimed at developing new products. Certain of these expenditures, particularly the addition of design engineers, do not generate significant payback in the short-term. We plan to finance these expenditures with cash generated by our operations and our existing cash balances 
  A meaningful portion of our capital resources, and the liquidity they represent, are held by our foreign subsidiaries. As of   October 30, 2016  , our foreign subsidiaries held approximately $228.7 million of cash and cash equivalents compared to $170.7 million at   January 31, 2016  . Earnings previously taxed in the U.S. of $18.1 million can be repatriated subject only to a 5% withholding tax, as we do not assert permanent reinvestment of earnings previously taxed in the U.S. As of   October 30, 2016  , our foreign subsidiaries had $588.2 million of unremitted earnings for which no Federal or state taxes have been provided. Those historical earnings have been and are expected to continue to be permanently reinvested. 
  One of our primary goals is to improve the cash flows from our existing business activities. Additionally, we will continue to seek to maintain and improve our existing business performance with capital expenditures and, potentially, acquisitions and other investments that support achievement of our business strategies. Acquisitions may be made for either cash or stock consideration, or a combination of both. 
  Operating Activities 
  Net cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to net income adjusted for non-cash items plus fluctuations in operating assets and liabilities.  
  Operating cash flow for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   was impacted by a $13.0 million prepayment to a strategic supplier to ensure capacity at its fabrication facility and a $25.0 million gain from the disposal of Snowbush IP. Operating cash flow for this period was also impacted by several significant non-cash transaction related items including     $35.5 million     of depreciation and amortization expense and   $21.2 million   of share-based compensation expense.  
  
   49 

Investing Activities 
  Cash from investing activities is primarily influenced by acquisitions, proceeds from asset disposition, capital expenditures and other equity or cost method investments.   
  On   March 4, 2015   we acquired Triune, a privately-held supplier of wireless charging and power management platforms targeted at, among other things, high and low power, high-efficiency applications. Under the terms of the purchase agreement the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interest in Triune for a guaranteed minimum purchase price of   $45.0 million   which consisted of   $35.0 million   in cash paid at closing and   $10.0 million   to be paid at a future date ( Deferred Payment ). To fund the Triune acquisition, we borrowed $35.0 million under our prior revolving line of credit in March 2015. In September 2015, we paid   $9.5 million   of the Deferred Payment with the remaining   $0.5 million   being paid in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017.     Subject to achieving certain future financial goals ( Triune Earn-out ), up to   $70.0 million   of contingent consideration will be paid over the next two years if certain net revenue targets are achieved in each of the fiscal years 2017 and 2018. An additional payment of up to   $16.0 million   will be paid after fiscal year 2018 if certain cumulative net revenue and contribution margin targets are achieved. We do not expect the Triune Earn-out targets to be achieved and we do not expect to pay any associated contingent consideration. 
  Capital expenditures were   $13.8 million   for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   compared to   $10.7 million   for the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . The decrease was due to deferred equipment purchases. We expect our capital spending in the   fourth   quarter of fiscal year   2017   to include $7.0 million to expand our test capacity in support of engineering and manufacturing functions. Additionally, on November 4, 2016, we entered into an agreement to acquire the facility we are currently leasing in Burlington, Canada for approximately $12.0 million. The transaction is expected to close in December 2016. We expect to use available cash on hand to fund this purchase. 
  Financing Activities 
  Cash provided by financing activities is primarily attributable to borrowings under our revolving line of credit offset by principal and interest payments related to our long-term debt and repurchase of outstanding common stock. 
  On May 2, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement with certain lenders (the  Lenders ) and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent and as swing line lender and letter of credit issuer (the  Credit Agreement ). In accordance with this Credit Agreement, the Lenders provided us with senior secured first lien credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million, consisting of term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $150.0 million and revolving line of credit commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million. Payments of long-term debt in the first   nine   months of fiscal years   2017   and   2016   included   $9.4 million   and $14.0 million of scheduled principal payments. As of   October 30, 2016  , we have   $67.8 million   outstanding under our term loans and   $181.0 million   outstanding under the revolving line of credit. 
  On November 15, 2016 (the  Closing Date ), we entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the  New Credit Agreement ) with the lenders referred to therein (the  New Lenders ), and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the  Administrative Agent ) and as swing line lender and letter of credit issuer to refinance our existing Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the New Credit Agreement, the New Lenders provided us with senior secured first lien credit facilities in an aggregate principal amount of $400.0 million (the  Facilities ), consisting of term loans in an aggregate principal amount of $150.0 million (the  Term Loans ) and revolving commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $250.0 million (the  Revolving Commitments ). Up to $40.0 million of the Revolving Commitments may be used to obtain letters of credit, up to $25.0 million of the Revolving Commitments may be used to obtain swing line loans, and up to $40.0 million of the Revolving Commitments may be used to obtain revolving loans and letters of credit in certain currencies other than U.S. Dollars ( Alternative Currencies ). Each of the Term Loans and the Revolving Commitments is scheduled to mature on November 12, 2021.  
  The New Credit Agreement refinanced our existing $400.0 million senior secured first lien credit facilities. All of the proceeds of the new Term Loans were used to repay in full all of the obligations outstanding under our existing Credit Agreement and to pay transaction costs in connection with such refinancing and the New Credit Agreement. As of November 15, 2016, approximately $153.0 million of the new Revolving Commitments were undrawn. The proceeds of the new revolving credit facility may be used by us for capital expenditures, permitted acquisitions, permitted dividends, working capital and general corporate purposes. 
    
  The New Credit Agreement provides that, subject to certain conditions, we may request, at any time and from time to time, the establishment of one or more additional term loan facilities and/or increases to the Revolving Commitments in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the sum of (a) $150.0 million and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all voluntary prepayments of Term Loans made prior to the date of incurrence of such additional term loan facilities and/or increases to the Revolving Commitments; however, the New Lenders are not required to provide such increase upon our request. 
  
   50 

Interest on loans made under the New Credit Agreement in U.S. Dollars accrues, at our option, at a rate per annum equal to (1) the Base Rate (as defined below) plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.25% depending upon Semtech s consolidated leverage ratio or (2) LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) for an interest period to be selected by us plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.25% depending upon our consolidated leverage ratio (such margin, the  Applicable Margin ).  The initial interest margin will be 2.00% for Base Rate loans and 1.00% for LIBOR rate loans, applicable until 2 business days following delivery of a compliance certificate by us to the Administrative Agent with respect to the first fiscal period ending after the Closing Date. The  Base Rate  is equal to a fluctuating rate equal to the highest of (a) the prime rate of the Administrative Agent, (b)   of 1% above the federal funds effective rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and (c) one-month LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in U.S. Dollars) plus 1.00%.  
  Interest on loans made under the New Credit Agreement in Alternative Currencies accrues at a rate per annum equal to LIBOR (determined with respect to deposits in the applicable Alternative Currency) (other than loans made in Canadian Dollars, for which a special reference rate for Canadian Dollars applies) for an interest period to be selected by us plus the Applicable Margin.  
  The outstanding principal balance of the Term Loans will be subject to repayment in equal quarterly installments beginning on the last day of our fiscal quarter ending closest to January 31, 2017 in an amount equal to 10.0% per annum of the original principal amount of the Term Loans on the Closing Date in the first two years after such date, 12.5% per annum in years three and four after such date, and 15.0% per annum in year five after such date, with the balance being due at maturity on November 12, 2021.  No amortization is required with respect to the revolving credit facility. We may voluntarily prepay borrowings under the new credit facilities at any time and from time to time, without premium or penalty, other than customary  breakage costs  and fees for LIBOR-based loans. 
  The Term Loans must be mandatorily prepaid using the proceeds of certain dispositions of assets and receipt of insurance proceeds, subject to agreed upon thresholds and exceptions and customary reinvestment rights. 
    
  We currently have in effect a stock repurchase program. This program represents one of our principal efforts to return value to our stockholders. We repurchased   23,968   shares under this program in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   for   $0.5 million  . In the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  , we repurchased 2,681,476 shares under this program for   $57.3 million  . We currently have   $62.2 million   available under this program that may be used for future repurchases.  
  In the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017  , we received   $1.7 million   in proceeds from the exercise of stock options compared to   $4.0 million   in the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2016  . 
  We do not directly control the timing of the exercise of stock options. Such exercises are independent decisions made by grantees and are influenced most directly by the stock price and the expiration dates of stock option awards. Such proceeds are difficult to forecast, resulting from several factors which are outside our control. We believe that such proceeds will remain a nominal source of cash in the future. 
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements      
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as those arrangements are defined by the SEC, that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.   
  We do not have any unconsolidated subsidiaries or affiliated entities.  We have no special purpose or limited purpose entities that provide off-balance sheet financing, liquidity or market or credit risk support.  We do not engage in leasing, hedging, research and development services, or other relationships that expose us to liability that is not reflected on the face of the financial statements.   
  Contractual Obligations  
  There were no material changes in our contractual obligations during the first   nine   months of fiscal year   2017   from those disclosed in  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   filed with the SEC on   March 31, 2016  . 
  Inflation 
  Inflationary factors have not had a significant effect on our performance over the past several years. A significant increase in inflation would affect our future performance. 
  Available Information   
  General information about us can be found on our website at www.semtech.com. The information on our website is for informational purposes only and should not be relied on for investment purposes. The information on our website is not  
  
   51 

incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report and should not be considered part of this or any other report filed with the SEC. 
  We make available free of charge, either by direct access on our website or by a link to the SEC website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC are also available directly at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
  
   52 

ITEM 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
     We are subject to a variety of market risks, including commodity risk and the risks related to foreign currency, interest rates and market performance that are discussed in Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year   2016   that ended on   January 31, 2016   filed with the SEC on   March 31, 2016  . Many of the factors that can have an impact on our market risk are external to us, and so we are unable to fully predict them. 
  We do not engage in the trading of derivative financial instruments in the normal course of business to mitigate our risk related to interest rates. In the event interest rates were to increase 100 basis points and holding all other variables constant, annual net income and cash flows for the following year would decrease by approximately $2.3 million as a result of our variable-rate debt. The effect of the 100 basis points increase would not be expected to significantly impact the fair value of our variable-rate debt. 
    
  We are subject to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as we experience expenses denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, changes in exchange rate fluctuations may positively or negatively affect results of operations. We enter into forward contracts to hedge anticipated foreign currency denominated transactions generally expected to occur in the current and subsequent fiscal years. All data relating to our derivative positions is presented in accordance with authoritative guidance. Accordingly, these cash flow hedges are designated for hedge accounting treatment and gains and losses on these contracts are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholder s equity and reclassified into earnings at the time that the related transactions being hedged are recognized in earnings. Please see Note   19   to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report for further discussion of our derivative instruments. 
    
  A 10% appreciation of the U.S. Dollar against foreign currencies that we hedge would result in an increase of approximately $0.6 million in the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts. A 10% depreciation of the U.S. Dollar against these foreign currencies would result in a decrease of approximately $0.5 million in the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ), as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   October 30, 2016  . 
    
  Changes in Internal Controls 
    
  There have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

53 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
     Information about legal proceedings is set forth in Note   12   to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
     Please carefully consider and evaluate all of the information in this Quarterly Report and the risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   filed with the SEC on   March 31, 2016  . The risks set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not now known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks actually occur, our business could be materially harmed. If our business is harmed, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 
  The risk factors associated with our business have not materially changed, as compared to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   January 31, 2016   filed with the SEC on   March 31, 2016  . 
   
           ITEM 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
     Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
  The issuance of the Warrant and the underlying 1,086,957 Warrant Shares to Comcast on October 5, 2016 were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ). The Warrant and the underlying Warrant Shares were issued in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, in reliance on the exemptions set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We did not make any other sales of unregistered securities during the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  . 
  Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
  This table provides information with respect to purchases by us of shares of our common stock during the   third   quarter of fiscal year   2017  . 

(1) 
    We maintain an active stock repurchasing program which was approved by our Board of Directors in March 2008. The stock repurchase program does not have an expiration date and our Board of Directors has authorized expansion of the program over the years.  
     As of   October 30, 2016  , we had repurchased $136.2 million in shares of our common stock under the program since inception and the current remaining authorization under our stock repurchase program is $62.2 million. Under our stock repurchase program, we may repurchase our common stock at any time or from time to time, without prior notice, subject to market conditions and other considerations. Our repurchases may be made through Rule 10b5-1 or other trading plans, open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block purchases or other transactions. We intend to fund repurchases under the program from cash on hand. We have no obligation to repurchase any shares under the stock repurchase program and may suspend or discontinue it at any time. 
   
           ITEM 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
     None. 

ITEM 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
     Not applicable. 

54 

ITEM 5. 
    Other Information 
     None. 
  
   55 

ITEM 6. 
    Exhibits 
     Documents that are not physically filed with this report are incorporated herein by reference to the location indicated. 
    
                       Exhibit No. 
      
    Description 
      
    Location 

3.1 
      
    Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Semtech Corporation 
      
    Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 26, 2003 

3.2 
      
    Bylaws of Semtech Corporation 
      
    Exhibit 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 27, 2008 

10.1 
      
    Warrant dated October 5, 2016 issued by Semtech Corporation to Comcast Cable Communications Management, LLC. 
      
    Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 5, 2016 

10.2 
      
    Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 15, 2016 entered into among Semtech Corporation, the guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and HSBC Bank USA, National Association, as administrative agent and as swing line lender and L/C issuer. 
      
    Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2016 

31.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      
    Filed herewith 

31.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
      
    Filed herewith 

32.1 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed ) 
      
    Filed herewith 

32.2 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant 18 U.S.C.  1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Exhibit 32.2 is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed ) 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
      
    Filed herewith 

56 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SEMTECH CORPORATION 
        
    Registrant 

Date: November 30, 2016 
    /s/ Mohan R. Maheswaran 
        
    Mohan R. Maheswaran 
        
    President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 30, 2016 
    /s/ Emeka N. Chukwu 
        
    Emeka N. Chukwu 
        
    Executive Vice President and 
        
    Chief Financial Officer 

57 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 smtc-10312016xex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Mohan R. Maheswaran, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Semtech Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 30, 2016    

/s/ Mohan R. Maheswaran 
      Mohan R. Maheswaran 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 smtc-10302016xex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Emeka N. Chukwu, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Semtech Corporation; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 30, 2016    

/s/ Emeka N. Chukwu 
      Emeka N. Chukwu 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 smtc-10302016xex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 USC 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semtech Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ended   October 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Mohan R. Maheswaran, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 USC  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   November 30, 2016    

/s/ Mohan R. Maheswaran 
      Mohan R. Maheswaran 
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has been provided to Semtech Corporation and will be retained by Semtech Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  The information contained in this Exhibit 32.1 is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for the purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in this Exhibit 32.1 shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to this Exhibit 32.1 in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 smtc-10302016xex322.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 USC 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Semtech Corporation (the  Company ) for the period ended   October 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Emeka N. Chukwu, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 USC  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
     Date:   November 30, 2016    

/s/ Emeka N. Chukwu 
      Emeka N. Chukwu 
      Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has been provided to Semtech Corporation and will be retained by Semtech Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
  The information contained in this Exhibit 32.2 is being furnished and shall not be deemed  filed  for the purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. The information in this Exhibit 32.2 shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference to this Exhibit 32.2 in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 smtc-20161030.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 smtc-20161030.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 smtc-20161030_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 smtc-20161030_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 smtc-20161030_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 smtc-20161030_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

