<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1345126_0001345126-16-000097_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12951644</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>224049</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>661196</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4363493</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5473312</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1976339</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>76</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001345126-16-000097.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102163640
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001345126-16-000097
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compass Diversified Holdings
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345126
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		IRS NUMBER:				576218917
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34927
		FILM NUMBER:		161968339

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		61 WILTON ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-221-1703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		61 WILTON ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Compass Diversified Trust
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051122

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS PRODUCTS OF PETROLEUM &  COAL [2990]
		IRS NUMBER:				203812051
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34926
		FILM NUMBER:		161968340

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		61 WILTON ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-221-1703

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		61 WILTON ROAD
		CITY:			WESTPORT
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06880

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001345126-16-000097.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 codi09302016-10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 10-Q 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 

For the transition period from                          to                        

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Sixty One Wilton Road 
  Second Floor 
  Westport, CT 06880 
  (203) 221-1703 
  (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 
                           Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No      
    
  As of November 1, 2016, there were 54,300,000 shares of Compass Diversified Holdings outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 
  QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
  For the period ended   September 30, 2016    
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
  Number 

Forward-looking Statements  
      
    4 
      Part I 
      
     Financial Information  

Item 1. 
      
     Financial Statements:  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
      
    5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
      
    6 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
      
    7 

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
      
    8 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)  
      
    9 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)  
      
    11 
      Item 2. 
      
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
      
    36 
      Item 3. 
      
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
      
    69 
      Item 4. 
      
     Controls and Procedures  
      
    69 

Part II 
      
     Other Information  
      
    70 
      Item 1. 
      
     Legal Proceedings  
      
    70 
      Item 1A. 
      
     Risk Factors  
      
    70 
      Item 6. 
      
     Exhibits  
      
    70 
       Signatures  

72 

2 

Table of Contents  

NOTE TO READER 
  In reading this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, references to: 

the "Trust" and "Holdings" refer to Compass Diversified Holdings; 
                
    "businesses," "operating segments," "subsidiaries" and "reporting units" refer to, collectively, the businesses controlled by the Company; 
                
    the "Company" refer to Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC; 
                
    the "Manager" refer to Compass Group Management LLC ("CGM"); 
                
    the "initial businesses" refer to, collectively, Staffmark Holdings, Inc. ("Staffmark"), Crosman Acquisition Corporation, Compass AC Holdings, Inc. ("ACI" or "Advanced Circuits") and Silvue Technologies Group, Inc.; 
                
    the "2014 acquisitions" refer to, collectively, the acquisitions of Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. and Sterno Products; 
                
    the "2015 acquisition" refer to the acquisition of Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. ("Manitoba Harvest") 
                
    the "2015 dispositions" refer to, collectively, the sales of CamelBak Acquisition Corp. ("CamelBak") and AFM Holding Corp. ("American Furniture" or "AFM") 
                
    the "Trust Agreement" refer to the amended and restated Trust Agreement of the Trust dated as of November 1, 2010; 
                
    the "2011 Credit Facility" refer to a credit agreement (as amended) with a group of lenders led by Toronto Dominion (Texas) LLC, as agent, which provided for the 2011 Revolving Credit Facility and the 2011 Term Loan Facility; 
                
    the "2014 Credit Facility" refer to the credit agreement, as amended from time to time, entered into on June 6, 2014 with a group of lenders led by Bank of America N.A. as administrative agent, which provides for the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility and the 2014 Term Loan Facility; 
                   
    the "LLC Agreement" refer to the fourth amended and restated operating agreement of the Company dated as of January 1, 2012; and 
                
    "we," "us" and "our" refer to the Trust, the Company and the businesses together. 

3 

Table of Contents  

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, contains both historical and forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use words such as "project," "predict," "believe," "anticipate," "plan," "expect," "estimate," "intend," "should," "would," "could," "potentially," or "may," or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control, including, among other things: 

our ability to successfully operate our businesses on a combined basis, and to effectively integrate and improve future acquisitions; 
                
    our ability to remove CGM and CGM s right to resign; 
                
    our organizational structure, which may limit our ability to meet our dividend and distribution policy; 
                
    our ability to service and comply with the terms of our indebtedness; 
                
    our cash flow available for distribution and reinvestment and our ability to make distributions in the future to our shareholders; 
                
    our ability to pay the management fee and profit allocation if and when due; 
                
    our ability to make and finance future acquisitions; 
                
    our ability to implement our acquisition and management strategies; 
                
    the regulatory environment in which our businesses operate; 
                
    trends in the industries in which our businesses operate; 
                
    changes in general economic or business conditions or economic or demographic trends in the United States and other countries in which we have a presence, including changes in interest rates and inflation; 
                
    environmental risks affecting the business or operations of our businesses; 
                
    our and CGM s ability to retain or replace qualified employees of our businesses and CGM; 
                
    costs and effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; and 
                
    extraordinary or force majeure events affecting the business or operations of our businesses. 
     Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional risks of which we are not currently aware or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ. 
  In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

4 

Table of Contents  

PART I 
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Compass Diversified Holdings 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

Compass Diversified Holdings 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   6 

Table of Contents  

Compass Diversified Holdings 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents  

Compass Diversified Holdings 
  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity 
  (unaudited) 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

8 

Table of Contents  

9 

     Table of Contents  

(1)         Includes cash from discontinued operations of   $0.6 million   at January 1, 2016 and   $1.8 million   at January 1, 2015. 
   (2)         Does not include any cash from discontinued operations at September 30, 2015 because Tridien had no cash balance as of that date. 

See notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

Compass Diversified Holdings 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
  September 30, 2016    

Note A   Organization and Business Operations 
  Compass Diversified Holdings, a Delaware statutory trust (the "Trust" or "Holdings"), was incorporated in Delaware on November 18, 2005. Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Company" or "CODI"), was also formed on November 18, 2005 with equity interests which were subsequently reclassified as the "Allocation Interests".  The Trust and the Company were formed to acquire and manage a group of small and middle-market businesses headquartered in North America. In accordance with the amended and restated Trust Agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006 (the "Trust Agreement"), the Trust is sole owner of   100%   of the Trust Interests (as defined in the Company s amended and restated operating agreement, dated as of April 25, 2006 (as amended and restated, the "LLC Agreement")) of the Company and, pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the Company has, outstanding, the identical number of Trust Interests as the number of outstanding shares of the Trust. The Company is the operating entity with a board of directors and other corporate governance responsibilities, similar to that of a Delaware corporation. 
  The Company is a controlling owner of   eight   businesses, or reportable operating segments, at   September 30, 2016  . The segments are as follows: 5.11 Acquisition Corp. ("5.11" or "5.11 Tactical"), The Ergo Baby Carrier, Inc. ("Ergobaby"), Liberty Safe and Security Products, Inc. ("Liberty Safe" or "Liberty"), Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. ("Manitoba Harvest"), Compass AC Holdings, Inc. ("ACI" or "Advanced Circuits"), AMT Acquisition Corporation ("Arnold" or "Arnold Magnetics"),  Clean Earth Holdings, Inc. ("Clean Earth"), and Sterno Products, LLC ("Sterno Products").  Refer to Note E for further discussion of the operating segments. The Company also owns a non-controlling interest of approximately   23.3%   in Fox Factory Holding Corp. ("FOX") which is accounted for as an equity method investment.   Compass Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("CGM" or the "Manager"), manages the day to day operations of the Company and oversees the management and operations of our businesses pursuant to a management services agreement ("MSA"). 

Note B   Presentation and Principles of Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , are unaudited, and in the opinion of management, contain all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the condensed consolidated financial statements. Such adjustments consist solely of normal recurring items.  Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for a full year or any subsequent interim period.  The condensed consolidated financial statements and notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and presented as permitted by Form 10-Q and do not contain certain information included in the annual consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the Company.  These interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
  Seasonality 
  Earnings of certain of the Company s operating segments are seasonal in nature.  Earnings from Liberty are typically lowest in the second quarter due to lower demand for safes at the onset of summer.   Earnings from Clean Earth are typically lower in the winter months due to reduced levels of construction and development activity in the Northeastern United States.  Sterno Products typically has higher sales in the second and fourth quarter of each year, reflecting the outdoor summer season and the holiday season. 
  Consolidation 
  The condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Holdings and all majority owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.  
  Discontinued Operations 
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company completed the sale of Tridien Medical, Inc. ("Tridien"), and during the third quarter of 2015, the Company completed the sale of its subsidiary, CamelBak Products, LLC ("CamelBak").  Additionally, in October 2015, the Company sold its subsidiary, American Furniture Manufacturing, Inc. ("AFM" or "American Furniture") which met the criteria to be classified as a discontinued operation as of September 30, 2015.   As a result of these sales, the results of operations of Tridien are reported as discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and the results of operations of CamelBak and American Furniture are reported as discontinued operations in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September  
  
   11 

     Table of Contents  

30, 2015.  Refer to Note D for additional information.  Unless otherwise indicated, the disclosures accompanying the condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the Company's continuing operations.   
    
  Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
  In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standard update to simplify the presentation of deferred taxes by requiring companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowances, as noncurrent on the balance sheet.  Adoption of this standard is required for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted.  The Company adopted this guidance early, effective as of January 1, 2016, on a prospective basis, which is permitted under the standard.  At January 1, 2016, the Company had   $6.1 million   classified as current deferred tax assets which was reclassified to long-term deferred tax assets, and no amount classified as current deferred tax liabilities. 
  In September  2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard to simplify the accounting for measurement period adjustments in connection with business combinations by requiring that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. The standard update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The standard update is to be applied prospectively to adjustments of provisional amounts that occur after the effective date with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued.  The adoption of this standard did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.  The amendment was effective for the Company on January 1, 2016.  
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update intended to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs in the balance sheet.  The new guidance requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability, consistent with the presentation of a debt discount. Prior to the issuance of the standard, debt issuance costs were required to be presented in the balance sheet as an asset. In August 2015, the FASB issued additional guidance which addresses the Security and Exchange Commission's ("SEC") comments related to the absence of authoritative guidance within the accounting standard update related to line-of-credit arrangements.  The SEC  would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance cost ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings under the line of credit arrangement.  The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2015.  Retrospective adoption is required.  The Company adopted this guidance on January 1, 2016 and has reclassified debt issuance costs associated with the Company's term debt of    $4.6 million   as of December 31, 2015, from long-term assets to long-term debt.  Deferred debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the Company's revolving credit facility of   $5.2 million   and   $4.9 million   at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, continue to be classified as long-term assets.   
    
  Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update which updates the guidance as to how certain cash receipts and cash payments should be presented and classified within the statement of cash flows.  The amended guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted, including adoption in an interim period.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update related to the accounting for leases which will require an entity to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements.  The standard update offers specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions.  Lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases.  For public companies, the new standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted.  Accordingly, this standard is effective for the Company on January 1, 2019.  The Company is currently assessing  impact of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements.   
  In July 2015, the FASB issued an accounting standard update intended to simplify the subsequent measurement of inventory by requiring inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.  The new guidance applies only to inventory that is determined by methods other than last-in-first-out and the retail inventory method.  The Company does not believe that the adoption of this new accounting guidance will have a significant impact on its consolidated financial statements.  The guidance is effective for public companies for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption of the guidance is permitted.   

12 

     Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard. The new standard outlines a new, single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance.  The core principle of the revenue model is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The standard is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries, jurisdictions and capital markets and also requires enhanced disclosures. On July 9, 2015, the FASB voted to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before the original effective date of December 15, 2016.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. 

Note C   Acquisitions 
  Acquisition of 5.11 Tactical 
  On August 31, 2016, 5.11 ABR Merger Corp. ("Merger Sub"), a wholly owned subsidiary of 5.11 ABR Corp. ("Parent"), which in turn is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into 5.11 Tactical, with 5.11 Tactical as the surviving entity, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger among Merger Sub, Parent, 5.11 Tactical, and TA Associates Management L.P. entered into on July 29, 2016. 
    
  5.11 Tactical is a leading provider of purpose-built tactical apparel and gear crafted for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide.   Headquartered in Irvine, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. 
    
  The Company made loans to, and purchased a   97.5%   controlling interest in 5.11 ABR Corp..  The purchase price, including proceeds from noncontrolling interest and net of transaction costs, was approximately   $405.1 million  .  The Company funded its portion of the acquisition through an amendment to the 2014 Credit Facility that allowed for an increase in the 2014 Revolving Credit Facilty and the 2016 Incremental Term Loan (refer to    Note I - Debt   ).  5.11 management invested in the transaction along with the Company, representing approximately   2.5%   initial noncontrolling interest on a primary and fully diluted basis.  The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was determined based on the enterprise value of the acquired entity multiplied by the ratio of the number of shares acquired by the minority holders to total shares.  The transaction was accounted for as a business combination.  CGM acted as an advisor to the Company in the acquisition and will continue to provide integration services during the first year of the Company's ownership of 5.11.  CGM will receive integration service fees of   $3.5 million   payable quarterly over a twelve month period as services are rendered beginning in the quarter ended December 31, 2016.   
    
  The results of operations of 5.11 Tactical have been included in the consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition.  5.11's results of operations are reported as a separate operating segment.  The table below provides the preliminary recording of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.   

13 

     Table of Contents  

(1)      Includes   $40.1 million   of gross contractual accounts receivable of which   $1.7 million   was not expected to be collected.  The fair value of accounts receivable approximated book value acquired. 
   (2)     Includes   $42.3 million   in inventory basis step-up, which will be charged to cost of goods sold over the inventory turns of the acquired entity. 
    
   (3)    Includes   $7.6 million   of property, plant and equipment basis step-up.    
    
  The Company incurred   $2.1 million   of transaction costs in conjunction with the 5.11 acquisition, which was included in selling, general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of income during that period.  The preliminary allocation of the purchase price presented above is based upon management's estimate of the fair values using valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches.  In estimating the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, the fair value estimates are based on, but not limited to, expected future revenue and cash flows, expected future growth rates and estimated discount rates.  Current  and noncurrent assets and current and other liabilities are estimated at their historical carrying values.  Property, plant and equipment is valued through a preliminary purchase price appraisal and will be depreciated on a straight-line basis over the respective remaining useful lives.  Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the identifiable net assets and represents the future economic benefits expected to arise from other intangible assets acquired that do not qualify for separate recognition, including assembled workforce and non-contractual relationships, as well as expected future synergies.  The goodwill of   $76.2 million   reflects the strategic fit of 5.11 in the Company's branded products business and is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
    
  The intangible assets recorded related to the 5.11 acquisition are as follows (  in thousands  ): 

14 

     Table of Contents  

The customer relationships intangible asset was valued at   $74.3 million   using an excess earnings methodology, in which an asset is valuable to the extent it enables its owners to earn a return in excess of the required returns on and of the other assets utilized in the business.  Customer relationships intangible asset was derived using a risk-adjusted discount rate. The tradename intangible asset and the design patent technology asset were valued using a royalty savings methodology, in which an asset is valuable to the extent that the ownership of the asset relieves the company from the obligation of paying royalties for the benefits generated by the asset.   
  Acquisition of Manitoba Harvest 
    
  On July 10, 2015, FHF Holdings Ltd., a majority owned subsidiary of the Company, and 1037269 B.C. Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of FHF Holdings Ltd. (together, the "Buyer"),  closed on the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding capital stock of Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. ("Manitoba Harvest").  Subsequent to the closing, 1037269 B.C. Ltd. merged with and into Manitoba Harvest.  Headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Manitoba Harvest is a global leader in branded, hemp-based foods.  
    
  The Company made loans to and purchased an   87%   controlling interest in Manitoba Harvest.  The purchase price, including proceeds from noncontrolling interest, was approximately   $102.7 million   (  C$130.3 million  ).  Manitoba Harvest management and a minority shareholder invested in the transaction along with the Company representing approximately   13%   initial noncontrolling interest on a primary basis.  The fair value of the noncontrolling interest was determined based on enterprise value of the acquired entity multiplied by the ratio number of shares acquired by the minority shareholders to total shares.  The transaction was accounted for as a business combination.  CGM acted as an advisor to the Company in the acquisition and will continue to provide integration services during the first year of the Company's ownership of Manitoba Harvest.  CGM received integration services fees of   $1.0 million   which were payable quarterly during the twelve month period subsequent to acquisition as services are rendered.   
    
  The results of operations of Manitoba Harvest have been included in the consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition.  Manitoba Harvest's results of operations are reported as a separate operating segment.  The table below provides the recording of assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.  

15 

     Table of Contents  

(1)    Includes   $3.1 million   of step-up in the basis of inventory. 
    
  The Company incurred   $1.1 million   of transaction costs in conjunction with the acquisition of Manitoba Harvest during 2015 which were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income during the year ended December 31, 2015.  The goodwill of   $37.9 million  , which is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes, reflects the strategic fit of Manitoba Harvest into the Company's branded products businesses. 
    
  The values assigned to the identified intangible assets were determined by discounting estimated future cash flows associated with these assets to their present value.  The intangible assets recorded in connection with the Manitoba Harvest acquisition are as follows (in thousands):  

Unaudited pro forma information 
  The following unaudited pro forma data for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   September 30, 2015   gives effect to the acquisition  of Manitoba Harvest and 5.11 Tactical, as described above, as if the acquisitions had been completed as of January 1, 2015, and the sale of CamelBak, AFM and Tridien as if the dispositions had been completed on January 1, 2015.  The pro forma data gives effect to historical operating results with adjustments to interest expense, amortization and depreciation expense, management fees and related tax effects.  The information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the operating results that would have occurred if the transaction had been consummated on the date indicated, nor is it necessarily indicative of future operating results of the consolidated companies, and should not be construed as representing results for any future period.   

16 

     Table of Contents  

Other acquisitions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  Ergobaby 
  On May 11, 2016, the Company's Ergobaby subsidiary acquired all of the outstanding membership interests in New Baby Tula LLC ("Baby Tula"), a maker of premium baby carriers, toddler carriers, slings, blankets and wraps.  The purchase price was   $73.8 million  , net of transaction costs, plus a potential earn-out of   $8.2 million   based on 2017 financial performance.  Ergobaby paid   $0.8 million   in transaction costs in connection with the acquisition.  Ergobaby funded the acquisition and payment of related transaction costs through the issuance of an additional   $68.2 million   in inter-company loans with the Company, and the issuance of   $8.2 million   in Ergobaby shares to the selling shareholders.  The fair value of the Ergobaby shares issued to the selling shareholders was determined based on a model that multiplies the trailing twelve months earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization by an estimated enterprise value multiple to determine an estimated fair value.  The fair value calculation assumes proceeds from the conversion of outstanding stock options, deducts the carrying value of debt at Ergobaby and estimated selling costs of the entity, and divides the resulting amount by the total number of outstanding shares, including converted stock options, to determine a per share value for the stock issued.  The Company funded the additional inter-company loans used for the acquisition with available cash on the balance sheet and a draw on the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility.  Ergobaby recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of   $13.2 million    in goodwill, which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes,   $55.3 million   in intangible assets comprised of   $52.9 million   in finite lived tradenames,   $1.7 million   in non-compete agreements; and   $0.7 million   in customer relationships, and   $4.8 million   in inventory step-up.  $3.7 million of the inventory step-up has been charged to cost of goods sold during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and the remaining amount will be charged to cost of goods sold during the fourth quarter of 2016.  In addition, the earn-out provision of the purchase price was allocated a fair value of   $3.8 million  .  The remainder of the purchase consideration was allocated to net assets acquired.  Ergobaby paid   $0.7 million   in transaction costs related to the acquisition of Baby Tula.  The Company expects to finalize the purchase price during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Clean Earth 
  On June 1, 2016, the Company's Clean Earth subsidiary acquired certain of the assets and liabilities of EWS Alabama, Inc. ("EWS").  Clean Earth funded the acquisition and the related transaction costs through the issuance of additional inter-company debt with the Company.  Based in Glencoe, Alabama, EWS provides a range of hazardous and non-hazardous waste management services from a fully permitted hazardous waste RCRA Part B facility.  The Company funded the additional inter-company loans with Clean Earth through a draw on its 2014 Revolving Credit Facility. In connection with the acquisition, Clean Earth recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of   $3.3 million   in goodwill and   $12.1 million   in intangible assets.  The Company expects to finalize the purchase price during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  On April 15, 2016, Clean Earth acquired certain assets of Phoenix Soil, LLC ("Phoenix Soil") and WIC, LLC (together with Phoenix Soil, the "Sellers").  Phoenix Soil is based in Plainville, CT and provides environmental services for nonhazardous contaminated soil materials with a primary focus on soil.  Phoenix Soil recently completed its transition to a new   58,000   square foot thermal desorption facility owned by WIC, LLC.  The acquisition increases Clean Earth's soil treatment capabilities and expand its geographic footprint into New England.  Clean Earth financed the acquisition and payment of related transaction costs through the issuance of additional inter-company loans with the Company.  The Company used cash on hand to fund the purchase price of Phoenix Soil.  In connection with the acquisition, Clean Earth recorded a preliminary purchase price allocation of   $3.2 million   in goodwill and   $5.6 million   in intangible assets in the second quarter of 2016.  The Company expects to finalize the purchase price during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Sterno Products 
  On January 22, 2016,  Sterno Products, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, acquired all of the outstanding stock of  Northern International, Inc. (NII), for a total purchase price of approximately   $35.8 million   (C  $50.6 million  ), plus a potential earn-out opportunity payable over the next   two   years up to a maximum amount of   $1.8 million   (C  $2.5 million  ), and is subject to working capital adjustments.  The contingent consideration was fair valued on a preliminary basis at   $1.5 million  , based on probability weighted models of the achievement of certain performance based financial targets.  Refer to    Note K - "Fair Value Measurements   ". for a description of the valuation technique used to fair value the contingent consideration.  Headquartered in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada, NII sells flameless candles and outdoor lighting products through the retail segment.   Sterno Products financed the acquisition and payment of the related transaction costs through the issuance of an additional   $37.0 million   in inter-company loans with the Company.   
  In connection with the acquisition, Sterno recorded a purchase price allocation of    $6.0   million of goodwill, which is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes,   $12.7   million in intangible assets and   $1.2 million   in inventory step-up.  In addition, the earn-out provision of the purchase price was allocated a fair value of   $1.5 million  .  The remainder of the purchase consideration  
  
   17 

     Table of Contents  

was allocated to net assets acquired.   Sterno Products incurred   $0.4 million   in acquisition related costs in connection with the NII acquisition.  
  Manitoba Harvest 
  On December 15, 2015, the Company's Manitoba Harvest subsidiary completed the acquisition of Hemp Oil Canada, Inc. (HOCI), for a purchase price of   $30.4 million   (C  $41.5 million  ).  The final purchase price was reduced by   $0.4 million   (  C$0.5 million  ) after the settlement of the working capital adjustment during the second quarter of 2016.  HOCI is a bulk wholesale producer, private label packager and custom processor of hemp food product ingredients, located in Ste. Agathe, Manitoba.  Manitoba Harvest incurred   $0.4 million   (C  $0.5 million  ) of acquisition related costs for the HOCI acquisition which are recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated results of operation for the year ending December 31, 2015.  In connection with the acquisition of HOCI, certain of the selling shareholders of HOCI invested   $6.8 million   (C  $9.3 million  ) in Manitoba Harvest in exchange for approximately   11%   noncontrolling interest in Manitoba Harvest.   
  Manitoba Harvest recorded a purchase price allocation of   $7.3 million   in goodwill, which is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes,   $10.8 million   of intangible assets, and   $0.3 million   in inventory step-up.  The remainder of the purchase consideration was allocated to net assets acquired.  

Note D - Discontinued operations 
    
  Sale of Tridien 
    
  On September 21, 2016, the Company sold its majority owned subsidiary, Tridien, based on an enterprise value of   $25 million  .  After the allocation of the sale proceeds to non-controlling equity holders and the payment of transaction expenses, the Company received approximately   $22.7 million   in net proceeds at closing related to its debt and equity interests in Tridien.  The Company recognized a gain of   $1.5 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the sale of Tridien.  Approximately   $1.6 million   of the proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Tridien have been reserved to support the Company s indemnification obligations for future claims against Tridien that the Company may be liable for under the terms of the Tridien sale agreement. 
    
  The following table presents summary balance sheet information of the Tridien business that is presented as discontinued operations as of December 31, 2015 (in thousands): 

18 

     Table of Contents  

Sale of CamelBak  
    
  On August 3, 2015, the Company sold its majority owned subsidiary, CamelBak, based on a total enterprise value of   $412.5 million  .  The CamelBak purchase agreement contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnification provisions, and the transaction is subject to customary working capital adjustments. 
    
  The Company received approximately   $367.8 million   in cash related to its debt and equity interests in CamelBak after payments to noncontrolling shareholders and payment of all transaction expenses.  The Company recognized a gain of   $164.0 million  , net of tax, during 2015 as a result of the sale of CamelBak.  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company settled the outstanding working capital adjustments related to CamelBak, resulting in the recognition of additional gain on the sale of business of   $0.6 million   during the quarter ended September 30, 2016.     
    
  Sale of AFM 
    
  On October 5, 2015, the Company sold its majority owned subsidiary, American Furniture, for a sale price of   $24.1 million  .  The Company received approximately   $23.5 million   in net proceeds related to its debt and equity interests in American Furniture after payment of all transaction expenses.  The Company recognized a loss on the sale of American Furniture of   $14.3 million   during 2015. 
    
  Operating results of discontinued operations 
    
  Summarized operating results of discontinued operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows: 

(1)     The results of operations of Triden for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 include the results from July 1, 2016 through the date of disposition and January 1, 2016 through the date of disposition, respectively.   
    
   (2)     The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 exclude   $0.4 million   and   $1.1 million   of intercompany interest expense. 

(1)     The results of operations of Camelbak for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 include the results from July 1, 2015 through the date of disposition and January 1, 2015 through the date of disposition, respectively.   
  
   19 

     Table of Contents  

(2)     The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 exclude   $2.9 million   and   $7.7 million   of intercompany interest expense. 

Note E   Operating Segment Data 
  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had   eight   reportable operating segments. Each operating segment represents a platform acquisition. The Company s operating segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They are managed separately because each business requires different technology and marketing strategies. A description of each of the reportable segments and the types of products and services from which each segment derives its revenues is as follows: 

5.11 Tactical   is a leading provider of purpose-built tactical apparel and gear crafted for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide.   Headquartered in Irvine, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. 

Ergobaby   is a premier designer, marketer and distributor of wearable baby carriers and related baby wearing products, as well as infant travel systems (strollers, car seats and accessories).  Ergobaby offers a broad range of wearable baby carriers, infant travel systems and related products that are sold through more than   450   retailers and web shops in the United States and throughout the world. Ergobaby has   two   main product lines: baby carriers (baby carriers and accessories) and infant travel systems (strollers, car seats and accessories).  Ergobaby is headquartered in Los Angeles, California. 

Liberty Safe   is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of premium home, gun and office safes in North America. From it s over   314,000   square foot manufacturing facility, Liberty produces a wide range of home and gun safe models in a broad assortment of sizes, features and styles. Liberty is headquartered in Payson, Utah. 

Manitoba Harvest   is a pioneer and leader in the manufacture and distribution of branded, hemp-based foods and hemp based ingredients. Manitoba Harvest s products, which include Hemp Hearts , Hemp Heart Bites , Hemp Heart Bars , and Hemp protein powders, are currently carried in over   7,000   retail stores across the U.S. and Canada. Manitoba Harvest is headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba. 

Advanced Circuits,   an electronic components manufacturing company, is a provider of small-run, quick-turn and volume production rigid printed circuit boards. ACI manufactures and delivers custom printed circuit boards to customers primarily in North America. ACI is headquartered in Aurora, Colorado. 

Arnold Magnetics   is a leading global manufacturer of engineered magnetic solutions for a wide range of specialty applications and end-markets, including energy, medical, aerospace and defense, consumer electronics, general industrial and automotive. Arnold Magnetics produces high performance permanent magnets (PMAG), flexible magnets (FlexMag) and precision foil products (Precision Thin Metals) that are mission critical in motors, generators, sensors and other systems and components. Based on its long-term relationships, Arnold has built a diverse and blue-chip customer base totaling more than   2,000   clients worldwide. Arnold Magnetics is headquartered in Rochester, New York. 

Clean Earth   provides environmental services for a variety of contaminated materials including soils, dredged material, hazardous waste and drill cuttings.  Clean Earth analyzes, treats, documents and recycles waste streams generated in multiple end-markets such as power, construction, oil and gas, infrastructure, industrial and dredging. Clean Earth is headquartered in Hatboro, Pennsylvania and operates   16   facilities in the eastern United States. 

Sterno Products   is a manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming fuel and creative table lighting solutions for the food service industry and flameless candles and outdoor lighting products for consumers. Sterno Products's products include wick and gel chafing fuels, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and outdoor lighting products.  Sterno Products is headquartered in Corona, California.   
       
  The tabular information that follows shows data for each of the operating segments reconciled to amounts reflected in the consolidated financial statements. The results of operations of each of the operating segments are included in consolidated operating results as of their date of acquisition.  There were no significant inter-segment transactions. 
  
   20 

     Table of Contents  

A disaggregation of the Company s consolidated revenue and other financial data for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 is presented below   (in thousands)  :  

(1)   
    Segment profit (loss) represents operating income (loss). 
               (2)   
    Primarily relates to management fees expensed and payable to CGM, and corporate overhead expenses. 

21 

     Table of Contents  

(1)   
    Does not include accounts receivable balances per schedule above or goodwill balances - refer to "Note H - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets". 

Geographic Information 

Note F - Equity Method Investment 
    
  Investment in FOX 
    
  FOX, a former majority owned subsidiary of the Company that is publicly traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker "FOXF," is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-performance ride dynamic products used primarily for bicycles, side-by-side vehicles, on-road vehicles with off-road capabilities, off-road vehicles and trucks, all-terrain vehicles, snowmobiles, specialty vehicles and applications, and motorcycles. FOX s products offer innovative design, performance, durability and reliability that enhance ride dynamics by improving performance and control. FOX is headquartered in Scotts Valley, California.  In July 2014, FOX used a registration statement on Form S-1 under the Securities Act filed with the Securities and Exchange  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Commission  for a public offering of its common stock (the "FOX Secondary Offering").  CODI sold   4,466,569   shares of FOX common stock in connection with the FOX Secondary Offering.  As a result of the sale of the shares by the Company in the FOX Secondary Offering, the Company s ownership interest in FOX decreased to approximately   41.2%  , which resulted in the deconsolidation of the FOX operating segment in the Company s consolidated financial statements effective as of the date of the FOX Secondary Offering.   
  On March 15, 2016, the Company sold   2,500,000   of its FOX shares through a secondary offering (the "March Offering") at a price of   $15.895   per share, which represented an underwriter's discount of   8.5%   from the FOX share closing price on the date the offering was priced.  Concurrently with the March Offering, FOX purchased   500,000   shares of their shares directly from the Company, also at a price of   $15.895   per share.  As a result of the sale of shares through the March Offering and the repurchase of shares by FOX, the Company sold a total of   3,000,000   shares of FOX common stock, with total net proceeds of approximately   $47.7 million  .  Upon completion of the March Offering and repurchase of shares by FOX, the Company's ownership interest in FOX was reduced from approximately   41.2%   to   33.1%  .  During the third quarter of 2016, FOX closed on a secondary public offering (the "August Offering") of   4,025,000   shares held by certain FOX shareholders, including the Company.  The Company sold a total of   3,500,000   shares of FOX common stock in the August Offering, for total net proceeds of   $63.0 million  .  Upon completion of the August Offering, the Company's ownership of FOX decreased from approximately   33%   to approximately   23%  .  The Company currently owns approximately   8.6 million   shares of FOX common stock.   
  The sale of the FOX shares in the March Offering and August Offering qualified as a Sale Event under the Company's LLC Agreement.  The Company's Board of Directors declared a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of   $8.6 million   and   $11.6 million  , respectively, in connection with the Sale Events of FOX.  The profit allocation payment related to the March Offering was made in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and the profit allocation related to the August Offering will be made during the quarter ended December 31, 2016.  The profit allocation for the August Offering will total a net distribution to Holders of $7.0 million after the effect of the Sale Event related to Tridien is used to offset this payment. 
    
  The Company has elected to account for its investment in FOX at fair value using the equity method beginning on the date the investment became subject to the equity method of accounting.  The Company uses the equity method of accounting when it has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies of the investee. For equity method investments which the Company has elected to measure at fair value, unrealized gains and losses are reported in the consolidated statement of operations as gain (loss) from equity method investments.  The equity method investment in FOX had a fair value of   $197.7 million   on   September 30, 2016   based on the closing price of FOX shares on that date.  The Company recognized a gain of   $50.4 million   and   $58.7 million  , respectively, for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   due to the change in the fair value of the FOX investment and the effect of the underwriter's discount on the sale of FOX shares.   
    
  The condensed balance sheet information and results of operations of the Company's FOX investment are summarized below (  in thousands  ): 

23 

     Table of Contents  

Note G   Property, Plant and Equipment and Inventory 
  Property, plant and equipment 
  Property, plant and equipment is comprised of the following at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015   (in thousands)  : 

Depreciation expense was   $7.3 million   and   $19.5 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , and   $5.2 million   and   $15.8 million   for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  
  Inventory 
  Inventory is comprised of the following at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015   (in thousands)  : 

(1)    Finished goods balance at September 30, 2016 includes $37.6 million inventory step-up related to the preliminary purchase  price allocation for 5.11 Tactical.   

Note H   Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
    
  As a result of acquisitions of various businesses, the Company has significant intangible assets on its balance sheet that include goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles (primarily trade names). Goodwill represents the difference between purchase cost and the fair value of net assets acquired in business acquisitions. Indefinite lived intangible assets are not amortized unless their useful life is determined to be finite. Long-lived intangible assets are subject to amortization using the straight-line method. The Company s goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are tested and reviewed for impairment annually as of March 31st or more frequently if facts and circumstances warrant by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. Each of the Company s businesses represents a reporting unit, except  Arnold, which comprises three reporting units. 

24 

     Table of Contents  

Goodwill 
  2016 Annual goodwill impairment testing 
  The Company uses a qualitative approach to test goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment testing.  The qualitative factors we consider include, in part, the general macroeconomic environment, industry and market specific conditions for each reporting unit, financial performance including actual versus planned results and results of relevant prior periods, operating costs and cost impacts, as well as issues or events specific to the reporting unit.  At March 31, 2016, we determined that the Tridien reporting unit (which is reported as a discontinued operations in the accompanying financial statements after the sale of the reporting unit in September 2016) required further quantitative testing (step 1) because we could not conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value based on qualitative factors alone.  Results of the step 1 quantitative testing of Tridien indicated that the fair value of Tridien exceeded its carrying value.  For the reporting units that were tested qualitatively, the results of the qualitative analysis indicated that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying value.  
  Arnold 
  Arnold has experienced declines in revenue and operating income during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the prior year.  The results at Arnold may continue to be be lower than forecast and as a result, it may be necessary to perform interim Step 1 goodwill impairment testing at Arnold in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  A summary of the net carrying value of goodwill at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, is as follows   (in thousands)  : 

The following is a reconciliation of the change in the carrying value of goodwill for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 by operating segment   (in thousands)  :   

(1)     
    Represents goodwill resulting from purchase accounting adjustments not "pushed down" to the ACI segment. This amount is allocated back to the respective segment for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. 
       
            (2)      
    Arnold Magnetics has three reporting units PMAG, FlexMag and Precision Thin Metals with goodwill balances of   $40.4 million  ,   $4.8 million   and   $6.5 million  , respectively. 
       
            (3)   
    The goodwill related to the acquisitions of 5.11 Tactical, and the acquisitions of Phoenix Soil and EWS by Clean Earth and Baby Tula by Ergobaby is based on a preliminary purchase price allocation. 
     
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Long lived assets 
  Orbitbaby 
  During the second quarter of 2016, Ergobaby's board of directors approved a plan to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  Ergobaby determined at the time the plan was approved that the carrying value of the long lived assets associated with the Orbitbaby product line was not recoverable, and therefore, Ergobaby recorded a loss on disposal of assets of   $7.2 million   related to the write off of the long-lived assets of Orbitbaby.  The loss is comprised of the write-off of intangible assets of   $5.5 million  , property, plant and equipment of   $0.4 million  , other assets of   $1.0 million  , and $0.3 million in early lease termination costs.  Ergobaby will continue to sell the remaining Orbitbaby inventory through the end of 2016.   
  2016 Annual indefinite lived impairment testing 
    
  The Company uses a qualitative approach to test indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing.  The Company evaluated the qualitative factors of each reporting unit that maintains indefinite lived intangible assets in connection with the annual impairment testing for 2016.  Results of the qualitative analysis indicate that the carrying value of the Company s indefinite lived intangible assets did not exceed their fair value.  
  Other intangible assets are comprised of the following at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015   (in thousands)  : 

Amortization expense related to intangible assets was   $8.4 million   and    $24.0   million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and   $7.3   million and   $21.5   million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  Estimated charges to amortization expense of intangible assets over the next five years, is as follows   (in thousands)  : 

26 

     Table of Contents  

Note I   Debt 
    
  2014 Credit Facility 
    
  The 2014 Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including all of its equity interests in, and loans to, its consolidated subsidiaries.  The Company amended the 2014 Credit Facility in June 2015, primarily to allow for intercompany loans to, and the acquisition of, Canadian-based companies on an unsecured basis, and to modify provisions that would allow for early termination of a "Leverage Increase Period," thereby providing additional flexibility as to the timing of subsequent acquisitions.  On August 15, 2016, the Company amended the 2014 Credit Facility to, among other things, increase the aggregate amount of the 2014 Credit Facility by $400 million.  On August 31, 2016, the Company entered into an Incremental Facility Amendment to the 2014 Credit Agreement (the "Incremental Facility Amendment").  The Incremental Facility Amendment provided for an increase to the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility of $150 million, and the 2016 Incremental Term Loan, in the amount of $250 million.  As a result of the Incremental Facility Amendment, the 2014 Credit Facility currently provides for (i) a revolving credit facility of   $550 million   (as amended from time to time, the "2014 Revolving Credit Facility"), (ii) a   $325 million   term loan (the "2014 Term Loan Facility"), and (iii) a $250 million incremental term loan ""the "2016 Incremental Term Loan").  
    
  2014 Revolving Credit Facility 
    
  The 2014 Revolving Credit Facility will become due in June 2019.  The Company can borrow, prepay and reborrow principal under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility from time to time during its term.  Advances under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility can be either LIBOR rate loans or base rate loans.  LIBOR rate revolving loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate (the "LIBOR Rate") plus a margin ranging from   2.00%   to   2.75%   based on the ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to adjusted consolidated earnings before interest expense, tax expense and depreciation and amortization expenses (the "Consolidated Leverage Ratio").  Base rate revolving loans bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the greatest of (i) the prime rate of interest, or (ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus   0.50%   (the "Base Rate"), plus a margin ranging from   1.00%   to   1.75%   based upon the Consolidated Leverage Ratio.   
    
  Term Loans 
    
  2014 Term Loan  
    
  The 2014 Term Loan Facility expires in June 2021 and requires   quarterly   payments that commenced September 30, 2014, with a final payment of all remaining principal and interest due on June 6, 2021.  The 2014 Term Loan Facility was issued at an original issue discount of   99.5%   of par value and bears interest at either the applicable LIBOR Rate plus   3.25%   per annum, or Base Rate plus   2.25%   per annum.  The LIBOR Rate applicable to both base rate loans and LIBOR rate loans shall in no event be less than   1.00%   at any time.  

2016 Incremental Term Loan 
    
  The 2016 Incremental Term Loan was issued at an original issue discount of   99.25%   of par value.  The Company incurred   $6.0 million   in additional debt issuance costs related to the Incremental Credit Facility, which will be recognized as expense during the remaining term of the related 2014 Revolving Credit Facility,  and 2014 Term Loan and 2016 Incremental Term Loan.  The Incremental Facility Amendment did not change the due dates or applicable interest rates of the 2014 Credit Agreement.  The quarterly payments for the term advances under the 2014 Credit Agreement increased to approximately   $1.4 million   per quarter.  The Company used the proceeds from the Incremental Facility Amendment to fund the acquisition of 5.11 Tactical (refer to    Note C - "Acquisitions   ").   
    
  The additional advances under the Incremental Credit Facility was a loan modification for accounting purposes.  Consequently, the Company capitalized debt issuance costs of   $6.0 million   associated with fees charged by lenders of the Incremental Credit Facility.   The capitalized debt issuance costs will be amortized over the remaining period of the 2014 Credit Facility. 

27 

     Table of Contents  

Other 
    
  The 2014 Credit Facility provides for sub-facilities under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to which an aggregate amount of up to   $100 million   in letters of credit may be issued, as well as swing line loans of up to   $25 million   outstanding at one time. The issuance of such letters of credit and the making of any swing line loan reduces the amount available under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility. The Company will pay (i) commitment fees on the unused portion of the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility ranging from   0.45%   to   0.60%   per annum based on its Consolidated Leverage Ratio, (ii) quarterly letter of credit fees, and (iii) administrative and agency fees.   
    
  Debt Issuance Costs 
    
  Deferred debt issuance costs represent the costs associated with the entering into the 2014 Credit Facility as well as the issuance costs associated with the August 2016 Incremental Facility Amendment and are amortized over the term of the related debt instrument. The Company's 2014 Credit Facility is comprised of the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility and the 2014 Term Loan Facility.  Since the Company can borrow, repay and reborrow principal under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility, the debt issuance costs associated with this facility have been classified as other non-current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.  The debt issuance costs associated with the 2014 Term Loan are classified as a reduction of long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.   
    
  The following table summarizes debt issuance costs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the balance sheet classification in each of the periods presents (  in thousands  ): 

The following table provides the Company s debt holdings at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015   (in thousands)  : 

Net availability under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility was approximately   $377.9 million   at   September 30, 2016  .  Letters of credit outstanding at   September 30, 2016   totaled approximately   $5.1 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was in compliance with all covenants as defined in the 2014 Credit Facility. 

Note J   Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
  On September 16, 2014, the Company purchased an interest rate swap ("New Swap") with a notional amount of   $220 million  . The New Swap is effective April 1, 2016 through June 6, 2021, the termination date of the 2014 Term Loan.  The agreement requires the Company to pay interest on the notional amount at the rate of   2.97%   in exchange for the   three  -month LIBOR rate.   
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

At   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, this Swap had a fair value loss of   $18.7 million   and   $13.0 million  , respectively, principally reflecting the present value of future payments and receipts under the agreement.  
  On October 31, 2011, the Company purchased a   three  -year interest rate swap (the "Swap") with a notional amount of   $200 million   effective January 1, 2014 through March 31, 2016. The agreement requires the Company to pay interest on the notional amount at the rate of   2.49%   in exchange for the   three  -month LIBOR rate, with a floor of   1.5%  .  At December 31, 2015, the Swap had a fair value loss of   $0.5 million  .  A final payment under the Swap of   $0.5 million   was made on March 31, 2016 when the Swap contract ended. 
  The Company did not elect hedge accounting for the above derivative transactions and as a result, periodic mark-to-market changes in fair value are reflected as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
  The following table reflects the classification of the Company's interest rate swaps on the consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 (  in thousands  ): 

Note K   Fair Value Measurement 
  The following table provides the assets and liabilities carried at fair value measured on a recurring basis at   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015 (  in thousands  ): 

(1)   
    Represents a put option issued to a noncontrolling shareholder in connection with the 5.11 Tactical acquisition. 
               (2)   
    Represents put options issued to noncontrolling shareholders in connection with the Liberty acquisition. 
               (3)   
    Represents potential earn-outs payable by Sterno Products for the acquisition of NII and Ergobaby in connection with their acquisition of Baby Tula.  

29 

     Table of Contents  

Reconciliations of the change in the carrying value of the Level 3 fair value measurements from January 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016 are as follows (  in thousands  ): 

Valuation Techniques 
  Contingent Consideration: 
  Sterno Products entered into a contingent consideration arrangement associated with the purchase of NII in January 2016.  The earnout provision provides for payments up to   $1.8 million   over a two year period subsequent to acquisition.  Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") is the performance target defined and measured to determine the earnout payment due, if any, after each defined measurement period.  The contingent consideration was valued at   $1.5 million   using probability weighted models. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, Sterno paid $0.5 million of the contingent consideration and determined that the remaining fair value of the liability was appropriate. 
  In connection with the acquisition of Baby Tula in May 2016, Ergobaby entered into a contingent consideration arrangement with the sellers.  The earnout provision provides for additional consideration of   $8.2 million   if the gross profit for Baby Tula for the 2017 fiscal year exceeds a specified level.  No earnout amount will be paid if the specified gross profit level is not met.  Ergobaby valued the contingent consideration at a fair value of   $3.8 million   using a a probability weighted option pricing model. 
  The Company has not changed its valuation techniques in measuring the fair value of any of its other financial assets and liabilities during the period. For details of the Company s fair value measurement policies under the fair value hierarchy, refer to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  2014 Term Loan 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the carrying value of the principal under the Company s outstanding Term Loans, including the current portion, was   $567.1 million  , which approximates fair value because it has a variable interest rate that reflects market changes in interest rates and changes in the Company's net leverage ratio.  The estimated fair value of the outstanding 2014 Term Loan is based on quoted market prices for similar debt issues and is, therefore, classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
    
  Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The following table provides the assets carried at fair value measured on a non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2016. 

30 

     Table of Contents  

(1)     Represents the fair value of the respective assets of the Orbitbaby product line.  Refer to    Note H "Goodwill and Other Intangible  Assets"    for a description of the loss on disposal of long-lived asset charge recognized during 2016.   

Note L   Stockholders  Equity 
  Trust Shares 
  The Trust is authorized to issue   500,000,000   Trust shares and the Company is authorized to issue a corresponding number of LLC interests. The Company will at all times have the identical number of LLC interests outstanding as Trust shares. Each Trust share represents an undivided beneficial interest in the Trust, and each Trust share is entitled to one vote per share on any matter with respect to which members of the Company are entitled to vote. 
  Profit Allocation Interests 
  The Allocation Interests represent the original equity interest in the Company. The holders of the Allocation Interests ("Holders") are entitled to receive distributions pursuant to a profit allocation formula upon the occurrence of certain events. The distributions of the profit allocation are paid upon the occurrence of the sale of a material amount of capital stock or assets of one of the Company s businesses ("Sale Event") or, at the option of the Holders, at each five year anniversary date of the acquisition of one of the Company s businesses ("Holding Event").  The Company records distributions of the profit allocation to the Holders upon occurrence of a Sale Event or Holding Event as distributions declared on Allocation Interests to stockholders  equity when they are approved by the Company s board of directors.  The sale of FOX shares in March 2016 (refer to "Note F - Equity Method Investment") qualified as a Sale Event under the Company's LLC Agreement.  As a result, in April 2016, in respect to the March Offering, the Company's board of directors approved and declared a profit allocation payment totaling   $8.6 million   that was paid to Holders during the second quarter of 2016.  In November 2016, in respect to the August Offering and the sale of Tridien, both qualifying as Sale Events, the Company's board of directors approved and declared a profit allocation payment of   $7.0 million    which will be paid during the fourth quarter of 2016.   
  The Company's board of directors also declared and the Company paid an   $8.2 million   distribution in the third quarter of 2016 to the Allocation Member in connection with a Holding Event of our ownership of the Advanced Circuits subsidiary.  The payment is in respect to Advanced Circuits' positive contribution-based profit in the five year holding period ending June 30, 2016.   
  Earnings per share 
  The Company calculates basic and diluted earnings per share using the two-class method which requires the Company to allocate participating securities that have rights to earnings that otherwise would have been available only to Trust shareholders as a separate class of securities in calculating earnings per share. The Allocation Interests are considered participating securities that contain participating rights to receive profit allocations upon the occurrence of a Holding Event or Sale Event. The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 reflects the incremental increase during the period in the profit allocation distribution to Holders related to Holding Events.  
  
   31 

     Table of Contents  

Basic and diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 attributable to Holdings is calculated as follows: 

Distributions 

Note M   Warranties 
  The Company s Ergobaby and Liberty operating segments estimate their exposure to warranty claims based on both current and historical product sales data and warranty costs incurred.  The Company assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liability quarterly and adjusts the amount as necessary. A reconciliation of the change in the carrying value of the Company s warranty liability for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended   December 31, 2015   is as follows (  in thousands  ): 

32 

Table of Contents  

Note N   Noncontrolling Interest 
  Noncontrolling interest represents the portion of the Company s majority-owned subsidiary s net income (loss) and equity that is owned by noncontrolling shareholders. The following tables reflect the Company s ownership percentage of its majority owned operating segments and related noncontrolling interest balances as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015: 

(1)      
    The principal difference between primary and diluted percentages of our operating segments is due to stock option issuances of operating segment stock to management of the respective businesses.  

ACI Recapitalization 
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company completed a recapitalization at ACI whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the intercompany debt agreement with ACI (the "ACI Loan Agreement").  The ACI loan agreement was amended to  provide for additional term loan borrowings of   $61.0 million   to fund a cash distribution to shareholders totaling   $60.1 million  .  Minority interest shareholders of Advanced Circuits, including certain members of management at Advanced Circuits, received total distribution proceeds of   $18.4 million  .  The Company used cash on hand to fund the distribution to minority shareholders.   
    
  Liberty Recapitalization 
    
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company completed a recapitalization at Liberty whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with Liberty (the  Liberty Loan Agreement ). The Liberty Loan Agreement was amended to (i) provide for term loan borrowings of   $38.0 million   and revolving credit facility borrowings of   $5.0 million   to fund cash distributions totaling   $35.3 million   to its shareholders, including the Company, and (ii) extend the maturity dates of the term loans and revolving credit facility.  Liberty s noncontrolling shareholders received approximately   $5.3   million in distributions as a result of the recapitalization.  Immediately prior to the recapitalization, management exercised stock options for   75,095   shares of Liberty common shares, resulting in net proceeds from stock options at Liberty of   $3.8 million  .  Liberty recognized   $0.3 million   in compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting of a portion of management's stock options at the time of exercise.  The Company then purchased   $1.5 million   in Liberty common shares from members of Liberty management, resulting in Liberty's  
  
   33 

     Table of Contents  

noncontrolling shareholders holding   11.4%   of Liberty's outstanding shares subsequent to the recapitalization.  The purchase of the Liberty common stock from noncontrolling shareholders and issuance of Liberty common stock related to the exercise of stock options by noncontrolling shareholders were at fair value and resulted in no change in control of Liberty.   The difference between the consideration paid for the noncontrolling interest and the adjustment to the carrying amount of the Company's noncontrolling interest in Liberty was recognized in the Company's equity.  Subsequent to the purchase of Liberty common shares and the exercise of the options, the Company owns   88.6  % of Liberty on a primary basis and   84.7  % on a fully diluted basis.   
    
  Ergobaby Share Issuance 
  In connection with the Ergobaby acquisition of Baby Tula in May 2016, Ergobaby issued shares of their stock valued at   $8.2 million   to the selling shareholders (refer to Note C - Acquisitions for the methodology used to determine the value of the shares at issuance).  Subsequent to the issuance of the shares, the noncontrolling interest in Ergobaby was   77.9%   on a primary basis and   71.2%   on a fully diluted basis. 
    
  Ergobaby Share Repurchase 
  In June 2016, Ergobaby repurchased   77,425   shares of Ergobaby common stock from certain noncontrolling interest shareholders for a total purchase price of   $15.4 million  .  Ergobaby financed the repurchase of shares with an increase to the intercompany debt facility with the Company.  The difference between the consideration paid for the noncontrolling interest and the adjustment to the carrying amount of the Company's noncontrolling interest in Ergobaby was recognized in the Company's equity. Subsequent to the repurchase, the noncontrolling interest in Ergobaby is   83.9%   on a primary basis and    76.2%   on a fully diluted basis.  The repurchased shares have been accounted for as treasury shares by Ergobaby. 

Note O   Income taxes 
  Each fiscal quarter the Company estimates its annual effective tax rate and applies that rate to its interim pre-tax earnings. In this regard, the Company reflects the full year s estimated tax impact of certain unusual or infrequently occurring items and the effects of changes in tax laws or rates in the interim period in which they occur. 
  The computation of the annual estimated effective tax rate in each interim period requires certain estimates and significant judgment, including the projected operating income for the year, projections of the proportion of income earned and taxed in other jurisdictions, permanent and temporary differences and the likelihood of recovering deferred tax assets generated in the current year. The accounting estimates used to compute the provision for income taxes may change as new events occur, as additional information is obtained or as the tax environment changes.  Certain foreign operations are subject to foreign income taxation under existing provisions of the laws of those jurisdictions.  Pursuant to U.S. tax laws, earnings from those jurisdictions will be subject to the U.S. income tax rate when those earnings are repatriated.  During the quarter ending September 30, 2016, management changed the previously asserted tax position that Arnold planned to permanently re-invest foreign earnings of controlled foreign corporations.  The principal reason for changing our position is managements' plan to repatriate excess foreign cash at Arnold to pay down the inter-company debt with the Company.  A deferred tax liability of $2.8 million related to Arnold's foreign subsidiaries was recorded as a result of the change in position pursuant to APB 23.   
  The reconciliation between the Federal Statutory Rate and the effective income tax rate for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 are as follows:   

34 

     Table of Contents  

(1)     
    The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 includes a significant loss at the Company's parent, which is taxed as a partnership. 
       
            (2)        
    The equity method investment in FOX is held at the Company's parent, which is taxed as a partnership, resulting in the gain or loss on the investment as a reconciling item in deriving the effective tax rate. 

Note P   Defined Benefit Plan 
  In connection with the acquisition of Arnold, the Company has a defined benefit plan covering substantially all of Arnold s employees at its Lupfig, Switzerland location. The benefits are based on years of service and the employees  highest average compensation during the specific period. 
  The unfunded liability of $  4.6 million   is recognized in the consolidated balance sheet as a component of other non-current liabilities at   September 30, 2016  .  Net periodic benefit cost consists of the following for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015   (in thousands  ): 

During the first half of 2016, Arnold recognized an increase in the unfunded pension liability primarily as a result of a decrease in the discount rate used to measure the pension benefit obligation.  The discount rate decreased from 1.00% at December 31, 2015 to 0.15% at September 30, 2016, resulting in an increase to the pension benefit obligation at September 30, 2016.  
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, per the terms of the pension agreement, Arnold contributed   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, to the plan. For the remainder of 2016, the expected contribution to the plan will be approximately   $0.1 million  . 
  The plan assets are pooled with assets of other participating employers and are not separable; therefore the fair values of the pension plan assets at   September 30, 2016   were considered Level 3. 

Note Q - Commitments and Contingencies 
  In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are involved in various claims and legal proceedings.  While the ultimate resolution of these matters has yet to be determined, the Company does not believe that any unfavorable outcomes will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
   
  Note R - Subsequent Events 
    
  Allocation Interests - Profit Allocation Payment 
    
  The sale of FOX shares in the August Offering and the sale of Tridien in September 2016 qualified as Sale Events under the Company's LLC Agreement.  During the fourth quarter, the Company's board of directors declared a distribution to the Allocation Member in connection with the FOX Sale Event.  Under the terms of the LLC Agreement, the loss on the sale of Tridien is an offset against the gain on the sale of FOX shares.  The result is a net distribution to the Allocation Member of   $7.0 million  .  The profit allocation payment will be made during the quarter ended December 31, 2016.   

35 

Table of Contents  

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  This Item 2 contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Our actual results, performance, prospects or opportunities could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. Additional risks of which we are not currently aware or which we currently deem immaterial could also cause our actual results to differ, including those discussed in the sections entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report as well as those risk factors discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Item 1A. Risk Factors in Part II of this quarterly report. 
  Overview 
  Compass Diversified Holdings, a Delaware statutory trust ("Holdings" or the "Trust"), was incorporated in Delaware on November 18, 2005. Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability Company (the "Company"), was also formed on November 18, 2005. The Trust and the Company (collectively "CODI") were formed to acquire and manage a group of small and middle-market businesses headquartered in North America. The Trust is the sole owner of 100% of the Trust Interests, as defined in our LLC Agreement, of the Company. Pursuant to the LLC Agreement, the Trust owns an identical number of Trust Interests in the Company as exist for the number of outstanding shares of the Trust. Accordingly, our shareholders are treated as beneficial owners of Trust Interests in the Company and, as such, are subject to tax under partnership income tax provisions. The Company is the operating entity with a board of directors whose corporate governance responsibilities are similar to that of a Delaware corporation. The Company s board of directors oversees the management of the Company and our businesses and the performance of Compass Group Management LLC ("CGM" or our "Manager"). Certain persons who are employees and partners of our Manager receive a profit allocation as owners of 58.8% of the Allocation Interests in us, as defined in our LLC Agreement. 
  The Trust and the Company were formed to acquire and manage a group of small and middle-market businesses headquartered in North America. We characterize small to middle market businesses as those that generate annual cash flows of up to $60 million. We focus on companies of this size because of our belief that these companies are often more able to achieve growth rates above those of their relevant industries and are also frequently more susceptible to efforts to improve earnings and cash flow. 
  In pursuing new acquisitions, we seek businesses with the following characteristics: 
             
    North American base of operations; 
                
    stable and growing earnings and cash flow; 
                
    maintains a significant market share in defensible industry niche (i.e., has a "reason to exist"); 
                
    solid and proven management team with meaningful incentives; 
                
    low technological and/or product obsolescence risk; and 
                
    a diversified customer and supplier base. 
     Our management team s strategy for our businesses involves: 
             
    utilizing structured incentive compensation programs tailored to each business to attract, recruit and retain talented managers to operate our businesses; 
                
    regularly monitoring financial and operational performance, instilling consistent financial discipline, and supporting management in the development and implementation of information systems to effectively achieve these goals; 
                
    assisting management in their analysis and pursuit of prudent organic cash flow growth strategies (both revenue and cost related); 
                
    identifying and working with management to execute attractive external growth and acquisition opportunities; and 
                
    forming strong subsidiary level boards of directors to supplement management in their development and implementation of strategic goals and objectives. 
     We are dependent on the earnings of, and cash receipts from our businesses to meet our corporate overhead and management fee expenses and to pay distributions. These earnings and distributions, net of any minority interests in these businesses, are generally available: 
             
    first, to meet capital expenditure requirements, management fees and corporate overhead expenses; 
                
    second, to fund distributions from the businesses to the Company; and 
                
    third, to be distributed by the Trust to shareholders. 
     
   36 

     Table of Contents  

Recent Events 
  Acquisition of 5.11 Tactical 
  On August 31, 2016, we closed on the acquisition of 5.11 Tactical, a designer and marketer of purpose-built tactical apparel and gear serving a wide range of global customers including law enforcement, military special operations and fire fighters, as well as outdoor enthusiasts.  The purchase price for 5.11, net of transaction costs of   $2.1 million  , was   $405.1 million    We funded the acquisition through an Incremental Facility Amendment to the 2014 Credit Agreement.  The Incremental Facility Amendment provided an increase to the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility of $150.0 million, and an advance under the 2016 Incremental Term Loan in the amount of $250.0 million.  
  Disposition of Tridien Medical 
  On September 21, 2016, a subsidiary of Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. acquired our Tridien subsidiary, based on an enterprise value of $25 million.  After the allocation of the sales price to non-controlling equity holders and the payment of transaction expenses, the Company received approximately $21 million in net proceeds at closing.  We recognized a gain of   $1.5 million   on the sale of Tridien during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. 
  Partial Divestiture of FOX shares 
  On August 12, 2016, FOX, closed on a secondary public offering of 4,025,000 shares held by certain FOX shareholders, including the Company.  The Company sold a total of 3,500,000 shares of FOX common stock in this offering , for total net proceeds of   $63.0 million  .  Upon completion of the offering, our ownership of FOX decreased from approximately    33%   to approximately   23%  , which is our ownership level currently.   This sale of the portion of our FOX shares in August 2016 qualified as a Sale Event under the Company's LLC Agreement.  Our board of directors declared a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of $11.6 million in connection with the Sale Event of FOX in August 2016.  The profit allocation payment will be made during the quarter ended December 31, 2016.   
  During the first quarter of 2016, FOX closed on a secondary public offering of 2,500,000 shares of FOX common shares held by the Company.  Concurrently with the closing of the offering, FOX repurchased 500,000 shares of FOX common stock held by the Company.  As a result of the sale of shares through the offering and the repurchase of shares by FOX, we sold a total of 3,000,000 shares of FOX common stock, with total net proceeds of approximately   $47.7 million  .  Upon completion of the offering and repurchase of shares by FOX, our ownership interest in FOX was reduced from approximately 41% to 33%.  This sale of the portion of our FOX shares in March 2016 qualified as a Sale Event under the Company's LLC Agreement.  During the second quarter, our board of directors declared a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of $8.6 million in connection with the Sale Event of FOX.  The profit allocation payment was made during the quarter ended June 30, 2016.   
  Acquisition of Baby Tula 
  On May 11, 2016, the Company's Erbobaby subsidiary, acquired all of the outstanding membership interests in New Baby Tula LLC ("Baby Tula"), a maker of premium baby carriers, toddler carriers, slings, blankets and wraps.  The purchase price was   $73.8 million  , net of transaction costs, plus a potential earn-out of   $8.2 million   based on 2017 financial performance.  Ergobaby paid   $0.8 million   in transaction costs in connection with the acquisition.  Ergobaby funded the acquisition and payment of related transaction costs through the issuance of an additional   $68.2 million   in inter-company loans with the Company, and the issuance of   $8.2 million   in Ergobaby shares to the selling shareholders.  
  Acquisitions of EWS and Phoenix Soil 
  On June 1, 2016, the Company's Clean Earth subsidiary acquired certain of the assets and liabilities of EWS Alabama, Inc. ("EWS") .  Clean Earth funded the acquisition and the related transaction costs through the issuance of additional inter-company debt with the Company.  Based in Glencoe, Alabama, EWS  provides a range of hazardous and non-hazardous waste management services from a fully permitted hazardous waste RCRA Part B facility.  
  On April 15, 2016, Clean Earth acquired certain assets and liabilities of Phoenix Soil, LLC ("Phoenix Soil") and WIC, LLC (together with Phoenix Soil, the "Sellers").  Clean Earth funded the acquisition and the related transaction costs through the issuance of additional inter-company debt with the Company.  Phoenix Soil is based in Plainville, CT and provides environmental services for nonhazardous contaminated soil materials with a primary focus on soil.  Phoenix Soil recently completed its transition to a new   58,000   square foot thermal desorption facility owned by WIC, LLC.  The acquisition increased Clean Earth's soil treatment capabilities and expand its geographic footprint into New England.  
  
   37 

     Table of Contents  

Acquisition of Northern International Inc. 
  On January 22, 2016,  Sterno Products, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, acquired all of the outstanding stock of  Northern International, Inc. (NII), for a purchase price of approximately $35.8 million (C$50.6 million).  The purchase price includes an earn-out payable over two years of  up to a maximum amount of $1.8 million (C$2.5 million), and is subject to working capital adjustments.  Headquartered in Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada, NII sells flameless candles and outdoor lighting products through the retail segment.  Sterno Products financed the acquisition and payment of the related transaction costs through the issuance of an additional $37.0 million in inter-company loans with the Company.   
    
  Ergobaby Share Repurchase 
  In June 2016, Ergobaby repurchased 77,425 shares of Ergobaby common stock from certain noncontrolling interest shareholders for a total purchase price of $15.4 million.  Ergobaby financed the repurchase of shares with an increase to the intercompany debt facility with the Company.  Subsequent to the repurchase, the noncontrolling interest in Ergobaby is   83.9%   on a primary basis and    76.2%   on a fully diluted basis.  The shares have been accounted for as treasury shares by Ergobaby. 
  2016     Outlook 
  We remain focused on marketing the Company s attractive ownership and management attributes to potential sellers of middle market businesses and intermediaries.  In addition, we continue to pursue opportunities for add-on acquisitions by certain of our existing subsidiary companies, which can be particularly attractive from a strategic perspective.  We completed an add-on acquisition at our Sterno Products subsidiary in the first quarter of 2016, and additional add-on acquisitions at our Clean Earth and Ergobaby subsidiaries in the second quarter.   
    
  Discontinued Operations 
  The results of operations for CamelBak and American Furniture for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as a result of the sale of these operating segments in August and October 2015, respectively.  The results of operations for Tridien for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements as a result of the sale of  Tridien in September 2016.  See    Note D - "Discontinued Operations"   , to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion  of the operating results of our discontinued businesses. 
    
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  U.S. GAAP refers to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.  A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of historical or future performance, financial position or cash flow that excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that effectively exclude amounts, included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our financial statements, and vice versa for measures that include amounts, or are subject to adjustments that effectively include amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable measure as calculated and presented.  Our Manitoba Harvest acquisition uses the Canadian Dollar as its functional currency.  We will periodically refer to net sales and net sales growth rates in the Manitoba Harvest management's discussion and analysis on a "constant currency" basis so that the business results can be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of Manitoba Harvest's business performance. "Constant currency" net sales results are calculated by translating current period net sales in local currency using the prior year s currency conversion rate.  Generally, when the dollar either strengthens or weakens against other currencies, the growth at constant currency rates or adjusting for currency will be higher or lower than growth reported at actual exchange rates. "Constant currency" measured net sales is not a measure of net sales presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  We were formed on November 18, 2005 and acquired our existing businesses (segments) at   September 30, 2016   as follows: 

38 

     Table of Contents  

In the following results of operations, we provide (i) our actual consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, which includes the historical results of operations of our businesses (operating segments) from the date of acquisition and (ii) comparative results of operations for each of our businesses on a stand-alone basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  
  Consolidated Results of Operations   Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to three months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  On a consolidated basis, net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by approximately   $67.5 million   or   36.5%   compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  Our acquisition of 5.11 Tactical on August 31, 2016 contributed $27.2 million to the increase in net sales.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 2015, we also saw notable sales increases at Ergobaby ($7.7 million, primarily due to the acquisition of Baby Tula in May 2016), Manitoba Harvest ($7.1 million, primarily due to the acquisition of HOCI in December 2015), Clean Earth (  $7.4 million  ) and Sterno (  $23.9 million  , primarily due to the acquisition of NII in January 2016), offset by a decrease in sales at Arnold Magnetics ($5.7 million).  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of net sales by business segment. 
    
  We do not generate any revenues apart from those generated by the businesses we own. We may generate interest income on the investment of available funds, but we expect such earnings to be minimal. Our investment in our businesses is typically in the form of loans from the Company to such businesses, as well as equity interests in those companies. Cash flows coming to the Trust and the Company are the result of interest payments on those loans, amortization of those loans and dividends on our equity ownership.  However, on a consolidated basis these items will be eliminated. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  On a consolidated basis, cost of sales increased approximately   $49.6 million   during the three month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  5.11 Tactical accounted for $20.2 million of the increase in cost of sales during the three months ended September 30, 2016, Clean Earth accounted for $8.2 million of the increase, Manitoba Harvest accounted for $4.6 million of the increase, and Sterno's acquisition, NII, accounted for $16.9 million of the increase.  These increases were offset by decreases in cost of sales at other operating segments, particularly Arnold (  $4.1 million  ).  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately   32.7%   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   34.9%   in 2015.  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of cost of sales by business segment. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  On a consolidated basis, selling, general and administrative expense increased approximately   $17.3 million   during the three month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in expenses in the 2016 quarter compared to 2015 is principally the result of the 5.11 Tactical acquisition in August 2016 ($8.7 million), and the effect of our add-on acquisitions during the quarter.  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of selling, general and administrative  
  
   39 

     Table of Contents  

expense by business segment.  At the corporate level, general and administrative expense were   $2.7 million   in the third quarter of 2016 and   $2.1 million   in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  
    
  Fees to manager 
  Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, we pay CGM a quarterly management fee equal to 0.5% (2.0% annually) of our consolidated adjusted net assets. We accrue for the management fee on a quarterly basis. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred approximately   $8.4 million   in management fees as compared to   $6.4 million   in fees in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in the management fees that occurred is a result of the increase in consolidated net assets resulting from the add-on acquisitions completed during the first half of 2016, and the acquisition of 5.11 Tactical in the third quarter of 2016.  
    
  Loss on disposal of assets 
    
  Ergobaby recorded a   $0.6 million   loss on disposal of assets during the third quarter of 2016 related to its decision to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  Refer to the Ergobaby section for additional details regarding the loss on disposal.   

Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  On a consolidated basis, net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by approximately   $131.3 million   or   24.8%   compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  Our acquisition of 5.11 Tactical on August 31, 2016 contributed $27.2 million to the increase in net sales.  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 2015, we also saw notable sales increases at Ergobaby ($10.9 million, primarily due to the acquisition of Baby Tula), Manitoba Harvest ($12.2 million, primarily due to the acquisition of HOCI in December 2015), Clean Earth ($11.1 million, primarily due to the acquisitions of EWS and Phoenix Soil) and Sterno ($58.0 million, primarily due to the acquisition of NII in January 2016), offset by decreases in sales at Advanced Circuits (  $1.8 million  ), and Arnold Magnetics (  $10.3 million  ).  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of net sales by business segment. 
    
  We do not generate any revenues apart from those generated by the businesses we own. We may generate interest income on the investment of available funds, but we expect such earnings to be minimal. Our investment in our businesses is typically in the form of loans from the Company to such businesses, as well as equity interests in those companies. Cash flows coming to the Trust and the Company are the result of interest payments on those loans, amortization of those loans and dividends on our equity ownership.  However, on a consolidated basis these items will be eliminated. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  On a consolidated basis, cost of sales increased approximately   $81.1 million   during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  The acquisition of 5.11 Tactical accounted for $20.2 million of the increase in cost of sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Ergobaby contributed $6.8 million to the increase (primarily due to the Baby Tula acquisition), Manitoba Harvest contributed $8.8 million to the increase (primarily due to the acquisition of HOCI) and Sterno's acquisition, NII, accounted for $42.3 million of the increase.  These increases were offset by decreases in cost of sales at other operating segments, particularly Arnold (  $8.1 million  ).  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately   33.8%   in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to   32.7%   in 2015.  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of cost of sales by business segment. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  On a consolidated basis, selling, general and administrative expense increased approximately   $42.3 million   during the nine month period ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to the corresponding period in 2015. The increase in expenses in 2016 compared to 2015 is principally the result of the 5.11 Tactical acquisition in August 2016 ($8.7 million), and Sterno Products' acquisition of NII in January 2016.  Refer to "Results of Operations - Our Businesses" for a more detailed analysis of selling, general and administrative expense by business segment.  At the corporate level, general and administrative expense increased from   $7.5 million   in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to   $8.6 million   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Fees to manager 
  Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement, we pay CGM a quarterly management fee equal to 0.5% (2.0% annually) of our consolidated adjusted net assets. We accrue for the management fee on a quarterly basis. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we incurred approximately   $21.4 million   in expense for these fees compared to   $19.6 million   for the corresponding period in  
  
   40 

     Table of Contents  

2015.  The increase in the management fees that occurred is a result of the increase in consolidated net assets resulting from the add-on acquisitions completed during the first half of 2016, and the acquisition of 5.11 Tactical in the third quarter of 2016.  
    
  Loss on disposal of assets 
    
  Ergobaby recorded a   $7.2 million   loss on disposal of assets during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related to its decision to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  Refer to the Ergobaby section for additional details regarding the loss on disposal.   
    
  Results of Operations   Our Businesses 
    
  We categorize the businesses we own into two separate groups of businesses (i) branded products businesses and, (ii) niche industrial businesses.  Branded products businesses are characterized as those businesses that we believe capitalize on a valuable brand name in their respective market sector. We believe that our branded products businesses are leaders in their particular category.   Niche industrial businesses are characterized as those businesses that focus on manufacturing, servicing and selling particular products within a specific market sector.  We believe that our niche industrial businesses are leaders in their specific market sector. 
    
  The following discussion reflects a comparison of the historical results of operations of each of our businesses for the three and nine month periods ending   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015   on a stand-alone basis.  For the 2015 acquisition of Manitoba Harvest, the following discussion reflects pro forma results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 as if we had acquired Manitoba Harvest on January 1, 2015.  For the 5.11 Tactical acquisition, the following discussion reflects pro forma results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as if we had acquired 5.11 on January 1, 2015.  Where appropriate, relevant pro forma adjustments are reflected as part of the historical operating results.  We believe this is the most meaningful comparison of the operating results for each of our business segments.  The following results of operations at each of our businesses are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for a full year. 

Branded Products Businesses 
  5.11 Tactical 
  Overview 
  5.11 Tactical is a leading provider of purpose-built tactical apparel and gear crafted for law enforcement, firefighters, EMS, and military special operations as well as outdoor and adventure enthusiasts. 5.11 is a brand known for innovation and authenticity, and works directly with end users to create purpose-built apparel and gear designed to enhance the safety, accuracy, speed and performance of tactical professionals and enthusiasts worldwide.   Headquartered in Irvine, California, 5.11 operates sales offices and distribution centers globally, and 5.11 products are widely distributed in uniform stores, military exchanges, outdoor retail stores, its own retail stores and on 511tactical.com. 
  We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in 5.11 Tactical for $407.1 million in August 2016, representing approximately 97.5% of the initial outstanding equity of 5.11 ABR Corp.   
  Results of Operations 
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for 5.11 Tactical on a proforma basis for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

41 

     Table of Contents  

Pro forma results of operations of 5.11 Tactical for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include the following pro forma adjustments, applied to historical results as if we had acquired 5.11 on January 1, 2015: 
   (1)         Pro forma cost of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 prior to acquisition does not include $42.3 million of expense associated with the inventory fair value step-up recorded in 2016 as a result of the preliminary purchase price allocation for 5.11 Tactical.  Subsequent to the acquisition, the step-up in inventory value will increase cost of goods sold over approximately nine months as the inventory is sold.  $4.7 million was expensed in September 30, 2016 in the actual results of 5.11 subsequent to acquisition. 
   (2)    Selling, general and administrative expenses were increased by approximately $0.7 and $2.0 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of stock compensation expense related to stock options that will be granted to 5.11 employees as a result of the acquisition.   
   (3)    Represents management fees that would have been payable to the Manager in each of the periods presented. 
   (4)    Represents amortization of intangible assets in the three and nine month periods ended September 2016 and 2015, respectively, for amortization expense associated with the allocation of the fair value of intangible assets resulting from the preliminary purchase price allocation in connection with our acquisition.    
  Pro forma three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the pro forma three months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $74.7 million   as compared to net sales of   $86.2 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of   $11.5 million  , or   13.4%  .  This decrease is due primarily to a large direct-to-agency order of approximately $13.5 million that shipped in August 2015, which did not repeat during the three months ended September 30, 2016.  Base revenues, which are considered all revenues outside of direct-to-agency business, decreased 4% over the comparable period.  This decrease was primarily driven by timing differences of shipments between quarters.  This decrease was partially offset by strength in retail and e-commerce revenues which grew 123% and 26%, respectively.  Retail revenues grew due to four new store openings since September of 2015 (bringing the total store count to eight as of September 30, 2016).   
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $46.8 million   as compared to   $48.8 million   for the comparable period in 2015, a decrease of   $2.0 million  .  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was   37.3%   in the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to   43.4%   in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Cost of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 also includes $4.7 million in expense related to a $42.3 million inventory step-up resulting from the preliminary acquisition purchase price allocation.  The total inventory step-up amount of $42.3 million will be expensed to cost of goods sold over the expected turns of 5.11's inventory.  The remaining amount of the change in gross profit percentage (30 bps increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales) was due to slightly lower discounts and promotional activity as compared to the prior period and a larger proportion of revenues from the higher margin retail and e-commerce distribution channels as compared to the prior period. 
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $26.0 million  , or   34.8%   of net sales compared to   $25.0 million  , or   29.0%   for the comparable period in 2015.  This increase in selling, general and administrative expense was primarily due to increases in employee related costs and retail stores that were not open in the prior comparable period.  Selling, general and administrative expenses were a larger percentage of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 due to a lower revenue base as compared to the prior year period during which a large direct-to-agency order occurred in August 2015.   
  Income (loss) from operations 
  Loss from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $0.4 million  , a decrease of   $10.5 million   when compared to income from operations of   $10.1 million   for the same period in 2015, based on the factors described above.    

42 

     Table of Contents  

Pro forma nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to pro forma nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $212.7 million  , a decrease of   $2.6 million  , or   1.2%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in net sales is due primarily to a large direct-to-agency order of approximately $13.5 million which shipped in August 2015, which did not repeat during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Base revenues, which are considered all revenues outside of direct-to-agency business increased 5% over the comparable period.  This increase was driven primarily by strength in retail and e-commerce revenues which grew 131% and 20%, respectively.  Retail revenues grew due to five new store openings since January of 2015 (bringing the total store count to eight as of September 30, 2016), and a comparable store sales increase of 23%.  In addition, sales increased 11% in the consumer wholesale channel due to strong sell-through in the outdoor and sporting goods accounts.   
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $123.9 million   compared to   $123.3 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased from   42.7%   in the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to   41.8%   in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  Cost of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 includes $4.7 million in expense related to a $42.3 million inventory step-up resulting from the acquisition purchase price allocation.  The total inventory step-up amount of $42.3 million will be expensed to cost of goods sold over the expected turns of 5.11's inventory.  The gross profit as a percentage of sales increased 120 bps after eliminating the effect of the inventory step up expense.  This increase was due to lower discounts and promotional activity and a larger proportion of revenues from the higher margin retail and e-commerce distribution channels as compared to the prior year period.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred unusually high levels of discounts and promotional activity caused by the West Coast Port slowdown.  These discounts and promotional activity did not recur in the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to   $79.0 million   or   37.1%   of net sales compared to   $71.9 million   or   33.4%   of net sales in the same period in 2015.  This increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to increases in employee related costs including wage increases and slightly increased staffing levels.  In addition, the increase is due to five new retail stores that were not open in the prior year comparable period.  Selling, general and administrative expenses were a larger percentage of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to a lower revenue base as compared to the prior year period during which a large direct-to-agency order occurred in August 2015.    
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $2.9 million  , a decrease of   $10.3 million   when compared to the same period in 2015, based on the factors noted above.   
  Ergobaby 
  Overview 
  Ergobaby, headquartered in Los Angeles, California, is a premier designer, marketer and distributor of wearable baby carriers and related baby wearing products, as well as infant travel systems consisting of strollers, car seats and accessories. Ergobaby offers a broad range of wearable baby carriers, infant travel systems and related products that are sold through more than 450 retailers and web shops in the United States and throughout the world. Ergobaby has two main product lines: baby carriers (baby carriers and accessories) and infant travel systems (strollers, car seats and accessories). 
  We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in Ergobaby on September 16, 2010, for approximately $85.2 million, representing approximately 84% of the equity in Ergobaby.   
  On November 18, 2011, Ergobaby acquired all the outstanding stock of Orbitbaby for $17.5 million. Orbitbaby produces and markets a premium line of infant travel systems. Orbitbaby s high-quality products include stroller frames, seats, car seats and bassinets that are interchangeable using a patented hub ring.  During the second quarter of 2016, Ergobaby's board of directors approved a plan to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line. 
  
   43 

     Table of Contents  

On May 12, 2016, Ergobaby acquired membership interests of New Baby Tula LLC ( Baby Tula ) for approximately $73.8 million, excluding a potential earn-out payment.  Baby Tula designs, markets and distributes baby carriers and accessories.  The results of operations of Baby Tula are included from the date of acquisition through September 30, 2016. 
  Results of Operations 
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Ergobaby for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $29.7 million  , an increase of   $7.7 million   or   35.2%   compared to the same period in 2015.  Net sales from Baby Tula for the third quarter were $5.8 million.  During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , international sales were approximately   $16.7 million  , representing an increase of   $3.9 million   over the corresponding period in 2015.  International sales from Baby Tula for the third quarter were $2.1 million.  International sales of baby carriers and accessories, including Baby Tula, increased by approximately $4.4 million and international sales of infant travel systems decreased by approximately $0.5 million during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the comparable quarter in 2015.  Domestic sales were $12.9 million in the third quarter of 2016, reflecting an increase of $3.8 million compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  The increase in domestic sales was due to a $4.9 million increase in sales of baby carrier and accessories and a $1.1 million decrease in domestic sales of infant travel systems and accessories. Baby Tula sales represent an increase of $3.6 million in domestic baby carrier and accessories sales. The decrease in infant travel systems and accessories sales was primarily attributable to lower demand of travel systems and the decision to exit the Orbit Baby brand.   Baby carriers and accessories represented 94.7% of sales in the three months ended    September 30, 2016   compared to 85.4% in the same period in 2015. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales was approximately   $13.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $7.9 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of   $6.0 million  .  Cost of sales for Baby Tula were approximately $5.4 million, and includes $3.7 million in expense associated with the inventory step-up recorded in connection with the purchase price allocation for Baby Tula. The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to higher sales compared to the prior period.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was   53.4%   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   64.2%   for the same period in 2015.  Excluding the impact of the inventory step-up expense on cost of sales, gross profit as a percentage of sales was  65.9% for the three months ended September 30, 2016.   
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to approximately   $9.9 million   or   33.5%   of net sales compared to   $7.6 million   or   34.6%   of net sales for the same period of 2015.  The   $2.3 million   increase  in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily attributable to the increases in employee related costs due to increased staffing levels, increases in professional fees, and higher distribution and fulfillment and commissions due to the increase in domestic sales.  

44 

     Table of Contents  

Loss on disposal of assets 
  Ergobaby recorded a   $0.6 million   loss on disposal of assets during the third quarter of 2016 related to its decision in the second quarter to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  In October 2016, Ergobaby sold a majority of the Orbit Baby intellectual property and tooling assets.  The proceeds of the sale will reduce the loss recorded on disposal of assets by approximately $1.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $1.0 million  , to   $4.7 million  , compared to   $5.7 million   for the same period of 2015, primarily due to the loss on disposal of assets. 

Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were   $75.0 million  , an increase of   $10.9 million   or   17.1%   compared to the same period in 2015.  Net sales for Baby Tula subsequent to acquisition were $10.6 million.  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , international sales were approximately   $40.7 million  , representing an increase of   $4.6 million   over the corresponding period in 2015.  International sales of baby carriers and accessories increased by approximately $6.4 million and international sales of infant travel systems decreased by approximately $1.3 million during the nine months ended  September 30, 2016 as compared to the comparable nine month period in 2015.  Baby Tula international sales represent an increase of $3.5 million.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, Ergobaby moved to a direct sales model from a distributor model in Canada and the United Kingdom, which negatively impacted the international sales comparison.  Domestic sales were $34.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, reflecting an increase of $6.3 million compared to the corresponding period in 2015.  Domestic sales of baby carriers and accessories increased $7.9 million and domestic sales of infant travel systems and accessories decreased $2.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.  Baby Tula domestic sales represent an increase of $7.0 million.  The decrease in domestic infant travel systems and accessories was  .primarily attributable to lower demand of travel systems and the decision to exit the Orbit Baby brand.  Baby carriers and accessories represented 92.3% of sales in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 85.7% in the same period in 2015. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales was approximately   $29.2 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to   $22.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of   $6.8 million  .  Cost of sales for Baby Tula were approximately $6.6   million, and includes $3.7 million in expense associated with the inventory step-up recorded in connection with the purchase price allocation for Baby Tula.  The increase in cost of sales was primarily attributable to higher sales compared to the prior period.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was   61.1%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   65.1%   for the same period in 2015.  Excluding the impact of the inventory step-up expense on cost of sales, gross profit as a percentage of sales was  66.1% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to approximately   $27.5 million   or   36.6%   of net sales compared to   $22.7 million   or   35.4%   of net sales for the same period of 2015.  The   $4.8 million   increase in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily attributable to the acquisition costs and additional selling, general and administrative expenses related to Baby Tula, and to higher marketing spend, increases in employee related costs due to increased staffing levels, partially offset by decreased variable expenses, such as distribution and fulfillment and commissions, due to the decrease in domestic travel system sales. 
    
  Loss on disposal of assets 
  Ergobaby recorded a   $7.2 million   loss on disposal of assets during the nine months ended September 30,  2016 related to its decision to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  The loss is comprised of the write-off of intangible assets of $5.5 million, property, plant and equipment of $0.4 million, and other assets of $1.0 million.  Ergobaby recorded additional expense of $0.6 million in the third quarter of 2016, primarily related to the early termination of the Orbitbaby lease.  In October 2016, Ergobaby sold a majority of the Orbit Baby intellectual property and tooling assets.  The proceeds of the sale will reduce the loss recorded on disposal of assets by approximately $1.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. 

45 

     Table of Contents  

Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased   $7.7 million  , to   $9.1 million  , compared to   $16.8 million   for the same period of 2015, primarily as a result of the loss on disposal of assets. 
  Liberty Safe 
  Overview 
  Based in Payson, Utah and founded in 1988, Liberty Safe is the premier designer, manufacturer and marketer of home and gun safes in North America. From its over 314,000 square foot manufacturing facility, Liberty Safe produces a wide range of home and gun safe models in a broad assortment of sizes, features and styles ranging from an entry level product to good, better and best products. Products are marketed under the Liberty brand, as well as a portfolio of licensed and private label brands, including Cabela s, Case IH and John Deere.  Liberty Safe s products are the market share leader and are sold through an independent dealer network ("Dealer sales") in addition to various sporting goods, farm and fleet and home improvement retail outlets ("Non-Dealer sales"). Liberty has the largest independent dealer network in the industry.  Historically, approximately 55% of Liberty Safe s net sales are Non-Dealer sales and 45% are Dealer sales. 
    
  We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in Liberty Safe for approximately $70.2 million in March 2010, representing approximately 96% of the equity in Liberty. 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Liberty Safe for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   increased approximately   $0.4 million   or   1.7%  , to   $23.8 million  , compared to the corresponding quarter ended   September 30, 2015  .  Non-Dealer sales were approximately $11.9 million in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to $12.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, representing a decrease of $0.6 million or 5.0%.  Dealer sales totaled approximately $11.9 million in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $10.9 million in the same period in 2015, representing an increase of $1.0 million or 9.2%.  The decrease in third quarter 2016 sales for the non-dealer channel is primarily attributable to a reduction in shipments to a couple of key customers.  The increase in sales in the dealer channel can be attributed to strong overall consumer demand as well as growth in the handgun vault business. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased approximately   $1.5 million   when compared to the same period in 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of net sales totaled approximately   25.7%   and   30.8%   for the quarters ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of sales during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 is primarily attributable to more promotional activity during third quarter of 2016 designed to drive additional sales, and a reduction of favorable overhead variances in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to more units produced in the third quarter of 2015 than in 2016. Liberty expects the favorable material pricing advantage related to steel to return to more normal levels beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016.   
  
   46 

     Table of Contents  

Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense was   $3.3 million   for both the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and the three months ended September 30, 2015, representing   14.0%   of net sales in 2016 and   13.9%   of net sales for the same period of 2015.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations decreased   $1.1 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   to   $2.4 million  , principally as a result of the decrease in sales and gross profit, as described above. 

Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased approximately   $0.7 million   or   0.9%  , to   $74.7 million  , compared to the corresponding nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Non-Dealer sales were approximately $36.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $40.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, representing a decrease of $3.6 million or 9.1%.  Dealer sales totaled approximately $38.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $34.0 million in the same period in 2015, representing an increase of $4.3 million or 12.7%.  The increase in sales is attributable to strong overall market demand during the first and third quarters of 2016 and Liberty s increased ability to meet that demand, particularly in the first quarter, and growth in the handgun vault business. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased approximately   $1.3 million   when compared to the same period in 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of net sales totaled approximately   28.8%   and   26.4%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  , respectively.  The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 is attributable to favorable cost variances as a result of improved manufacturing efficiencies due to greater volume output, and favorable material costs related to the cost of steel, which is Liberty's primary raw material.  Liberty expects to see the favorable material pricing advantage related to steel returning to more normal levels beginning in the fourth quarter of 2016.   
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to approximately   $10.5 million   or   14.0%   of net sales compared to   $10.0 million   or   13.5%   of net sales for the same period of 2015.  The   $0.5 million   increase during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributable to increased spending on radio and other advertising media, higher sales commission expense, and additional expenses related to accelerated vesting of employee stock options and legal fees associated with the recapitalization of Liberty in March 2016. 
    
  Amortization of intangibles 
    
  Amortization expense in the first nine months of 2016 decreased   $0.7 million   because certain intangible assets that resulted from the purchase of Liberty in March 2010 are now fully amortized.   
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations increased   $2.2 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   to   $9.9 million  , compared to   $7.7 million   during the same period in 2015, principally as a result of the increase in sales and gross profit, and decrease in amortization expense, as described above. 

Manitoba Harvest 
    
  Overview 
  Headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Manitoba Harvest is a pioneer and leader in branded, hemp-based foods. Manitoba Harvest s products, which Management believes are the fastest growing in the hemp food market and among the fastest growing in the natural foods industry, are currently carried in approximately 7,000 retail stores across the U.S. and Canada. Manitoba Harvest s hemp-exclusive, consumer-facing 100% all-natural product lineup includes hemp hearts, protein powder, hemp oil and snacks. 

47 

     Table of Contents  

We made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in Manitoba Harvest for approximately   $102.7 million   in July 2015 representing approximately 87% of the equity in Manitoba Harvest. On December 15, 2015, Manitoba Harvest acquired all of the  outstanding stock of Hemp Oil Canada, Inc. ("HOCI") for approximately $30.8 million.  HOCI is a wholesale supplier and a private label packager of hemp food products and ingredients. 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Manitoba Harvest for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and the pro forma income from operations for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The results of operations for HOCI are included subsequent to acquisition and are not included in the proforma 2015 presentation. 

Pro forma results of operations of Manitoba Harvest for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 include the following pro forma adjustments, applied to historical results as if we acquired Manitoba Harvest January 1, 2015: 
    
   (1)     Cost of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 does not include $3.1 million of expense associated with the inventory fair value step-up recorded in 2015 as a result of our purchase price allocation for Manitoba Harvest. 
    
   (2)       Selling, general and administrative expenses were increased by approximately $0.3 million and $0.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of stock compensation expense related to stock options granted to Manitoba Harvest employees as of the date of acquisition. 
    
   (3)     Represents management fees that would have been payable to the Manager in each of the periods presented. 
    
   (4)     Represents an increase in amortization of intangible assets totaling approximately $1.1 million and $2.2 million in the three and nine months ended months ended September 30, 2015, respectively, for additional amortization expense associated with the step up in fair value of intangible assets resulting from the purchase price allocation in connection with our acquisition. 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to pro forma three months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $15.9 million   as compared to   $9.3 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of    $6.6 million  , or   70.4%  .   Net sales of HOCI for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were $5.1 million.  Manitoba Harvest on a stand alone basis had a increase in net sales of $1.5 million, due to higher demand in United States and international club sales from 2015 to 2016, and an increase in conventional hemp hearts demand partially offset by the lack of availability of organic based hemp hearts supply to meet demand levels. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $9.0 million   compared to approximately   $4.4 million    for the same period in 2015.  Cost of sales for HOCI were $3.2 million.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was   43.5%    in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   and   52.7%    in the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  The decrease in gross profit percentage  is primarily as a result of the gross margins at HOCI, which are historically lower since HOCI is a wholesale provider  
  
   48 

     Table of Contents  

of ingredients, as well as an increase in discounts and promotional expense at Manitoba Harvest in 2016, and additional expenses for slow moving inventory in 2016. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to approximately   $5.1 million    or   31.9%   of net sales compared to   $5.5 million   or   59.2%   of net sales for the same period in 2015.  The   $0.5 million   decrease in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to higher expenses incurred in 2015 related to the acquisition of Manitoba Harvest, partially offset by additional selling and administrative expenses attributable to HOCI ($0.6 million) in 2016. 
  Income (loss) from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $0.6 million  , an increase of   $2.1 million   when compared to the same period in 2015, based on the factors described above. 
    
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to pro forma nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $44.3 million   as compared to   $32.1 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of    $12.3 million  , or   38.2%  .  Net sales of HOCI for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were $15.1 million.  Manitoba Harvest on a stand alone basis had a decrease in net sales of $2.9 million, or   $1.1 million   on a constant currency basis, primarily due to a shift in product sales mix, increases in sales discounts and promotion expenses, the lack of availability of organic hemp seed in 2016, and a decrease in private label sales for the first quarter of 2016 versus the comparable prior year period.  In the first quarter of 2015, one of Manitoba Harvest's  private label customers expanded distribution into additional stores, resulting in a higher level of private label sales versus the current period. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $24.4 million   compared to approximately   $15.6 million    for the same period in 2015.  Cost of sales for HOCI were $9.4 million.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales was   44.9%   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   51.2%   in the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of 630 basis points, primarily as a result of the gross margins at HOCI, which are historically lower since HOCI is a wholesale provider of ingredients.  After removing the effect of HOCI from gross margins, Manitoba Harvest's gross margin decreased from 51.7% on a pro forma basis for the first nine months of 2015 to 50.7% for the first nine months of 2016, primarily as a result of the lack of availability of organic hemp seed, which has higher gross margins, and additional reserves recorded for slow moving inventory and discounts and promotions expense in the current year as compared to 2015. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to approximately   $17.1 million   or   38.5%   of net sales compared to   $14.4 million   or   44.9%   of net sales for the same period in 2015.  The   $2.7 million   increase in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily due to additional selling and administrative expenses attributable to HOCI ($1.7 million), increases in employee related costs due to increased headcount, and higher expenses to support retail advertising, product demonstrations, marketing expenditures, as well as costs associated with the integration of HOCI post-acquisition. 
  Loss from operations 
  Loss from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $0.9 million  , compared to loss from operations of   $1.0 million   in the same period in 2015, based on the factors described above. 

Niche Industrial Businesses 
  Advanced Circuits 
  Overview 
  Advanced Circuits is a provider of small-run, quick-turn and volume production PCBs to customers throughout the United States. Historically, small-run and quick-turn PCBs have represented approximately 54% of Advanced Circuits  gross revenues. Small-run and quick-turn PCBs typically command higher margins than volume production PCBs given that customers require high levels of responsiveness, technical support and timely delivery of small-run and quick-turn PCBs and are willing to pay a premium  
  
   49 

     Table of Contents  

for them. Advanced Circuits is able to meet its customers  demands by manufacturing custom PCBs in as little as 24 hours, while maintaining over 98.0% error-free production rates and real-time customer service and product tracking 24 hours per day. 
  We purchased a controlling interest in Advanced Circuits on May 16, 2006. 
  Results of Operations 
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Advanced Circuits for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015 
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased approximately   $0.6 million   to   $21.7 million   as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in net sales was due to decreased gross sales in Long-Lead Time PCBs of $1.0 million and a decrease in gross sales of Quick-Turn Small-Run and Quick-Turn Production PCBs of $0.1 million, offset by increases of $0.3 million in gross sales from Assembly and $0.2 million in Subcontract gross sales.      Sales from Quick-Turn Small-Run and Quick-Turn Production PCBs represented approximately 54.0% of gross sales in the third quarter of 2016 as compared to approximately 53.1% of gross sales in the third quarter of 2015. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased approximately   $0.2 million   as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased 70 basis points during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the prior period (  44.3%   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   45.0%   at   September 30, 2015  ) primarily as a result of sales mix. 
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately   $3.4 million   in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $3.3 million   in the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Selling, general and administrative expenses represented   15.8%   of net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   15.0%   of net sales in the prior year period.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $5.8 million   compared to   $6.3 million   in the same period in 2015, a decrease of approximately   $0.5 million  , principally as a result of the factors described above. 
    
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased approximately   $1.8 million   to   $64.9 million   as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , gross sales in Long-Lead Time PCBs decreased by $3.5 million and gross sales in Quick-Turn Small-Run and Quick-Turn Production PCBs decreased by $0.6 million, offset by increases of $2.0 million in gross sales from Assembly and $0.4 million from Subcontract.      Sales from Quick-Turn Small-Run and Quick-Turn Production PCBs represented approximately 53.6% of gross sales in the first nine months of 2016 compared to 53.1% during the same period of 2015. 
  
   50 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased approximately   $0.6 million   compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased 60 basis points during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the same period in 2015 (  44.5%   at   September 30, 2016   compared to   45.1%   at   September 30, 2015  ) primarily as a result of sales mix. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses were approximately   $10.4 million   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to   $10.2 million   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .   Selling, general and administrative expenses represented   16.0%   of net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   15.3%   of net sales in the prior year period.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $17.2 million   compared to   $18.8 million   in the same period in 2015, a decrease of approximately   $1.54 million  , principally as a result of the factors described above. 
    
  Arnold Magnetics 
  Overview 
  Founded in 1895 and headquartered in Rochester, New York, Arnold Magnetics is a manufacturer of engineered, application specific, permanent magnets. Arnold products are critical components in general industrial assemblies, reprographic systems, aerospace and defense, advertising and promotional, consumer and appliance, energy, automotive and medical technology. Arnold is the largest U.S. manufacturer of engineered magnets as well as only one of two domestic producers to design, engineer and manufacture rare earth magnetic solutions. Arnold operates a 70,000 sq. ft. manufacturing assembly and distribution facility in Rochester, New York with nine additional facilities worldwide, including sites in the United Kingdom, Switzerland and China. Arnold serves customers via three primary product sectors: 
             
    Permanent Magnet and Assemblies and Reprographics (PMAG) (historically approximately 70% of net sales) - High performance magnets for precision motor/generator sensors as well as beam focusing and reprographics applications; 
                
    Flexmag (historically approximately 20% of net sales) - Flexible bonded magnetic materials for advertising, consumer and industrial applications; and 
                
    Precision Thin Metals (PTM) (historically approximately 10% of net sales) - Ultra thin metal foil products utilizing magnetic and non- magnetic alloys. 
     On March 5, 2012, we made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in Arnold for approximately $128.8 million, representing 96.6% of the equity in Arnold Magnetics. 
  Results of Operations 
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Arnold Magnetics for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  . 

51 

     Table of Contents  

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $26.9 million  , a decrease of   $5.7 million   compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in net sales is primarily result of decreases in all product sectors. The decrease in  the PMAG ($4.8 million) product sector is primarily due to a non-recurring sale in September 2015 and lower customer demand.  Decreases in the Flexmag ($0.7 million) and PTM ($0.2 million) product sectors are primarily due to lower customer demand. 
    
  International sales were   $12.2 million   during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   $10.8 million   in the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $20.5 million   compared to approximately   $24.6 million   in the same period of 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased from   24.4%   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015   to   23.8%   in the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   principally due to currency movement. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense in the three month period ended   September 30, 2016   was   $4.5 million   as compared to approximately   $3.9 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in expense is predominantly the result of severance pay in connection with changes in executive management.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $0.9 million  , a decrease of   $2.2 million   when compared to the same period in 2015, principally as a result of the factors previously mentioned. 

Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $82.8 million  , a decrease of   $10.3 million   compared to the same period in 2015.  The decrease in net sales is a result of decreases in the PMAG ($7.4 million), Precision Thin Metals ($1.8 million) and Flexmag ($1.1 million) product sectors.  PMAG sales represented 72% of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 71% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.    The decrease in PMAG sales is mainly attributable to weakness in the oil and gas sector and lower sales of reprographic products. The decrease in Precision Thin Metals and Flexmag sales during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 is largely due to decreased customer demand. 
    
  International sales were   $33.7 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $33.8 million   during the same period in 2015, a decrease of   $0.2   million or   0.5%  .  The decrease in international sales is due to a decrease in sales in the PMAG sector as a result of weaker economic conditions in Europe, primarily in the oil and gas sector.   
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $63.8 million   compared to approximately   $71.9 million   in the same period of 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales remained stable, increasing slightly from   22.8%   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2015   to   22.9%   in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense in the six month period ended   September 30, 2016   was   $12.1 million   as compared to approximately   $11.6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increase in expense is primarily attributable to severance related to changes within management. 
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $3.8 million  , a decrease of   $2.7 million   when compared to the same period in the prior year, principally as a result of the factors previously discussed above. 

52 

     Table of Contents  

Clean Earth 
    
  Overview 
    
  Founded in 1990 and headquartered in Hatboro, Pennsylvania, Clean Earth is a provider of environmental services for a variety of contaminated materials. Clean Earth provides a one-stop shop solution that analyzes, treats, documents and recycles waste streams generated in multiple end-markets such as power, construction, commercial development, oil and gas, infrastructure, industrial and dredging.  Historically, the majority of Clean Earth s revenues have been generated by contaminated soils which includes environmentally impacted soils, drill cuttings and other materials which are treated at one of its nine permitted soil treatment facilities. Clean Earth also operates four RCRA Part B hazardous waste facilities.  The remaining  revenue has been generated by dredge material,  which consists of sediment removed from the floor of a body of water for navigational purposes and/or environmental remediation of contaminated waterways and is treated at one of its two permitted dredge processing facilities. Approximately 98% of the material processed by Clean Earth is beneficially reused for such purposes as daily landfill cover, industrial and brownfield redevelopment projects. 
    
  On August 26, 2014, we made loans to and purchased a controlling interest in Clean Earth for approximately   $251.4 million  , representing approximately 98% of the equity in Clean Earth.  Clean Earth completed two add-on acquisitions during the second quarter of 2016, Phoenix Soil and EWS.  The results of operations for the add-on acquisitions have been included in Clean Earth's results from the date of acquisition through the end of the reporting period.   
  Results of Operations  
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Clean Earth for the three and nine month periods ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .   

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
    
  Service revenues 
  Service revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $51.5 million  , an increase of   $7.4 million   or   16.8%   compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in service revenues is due to an increase in contaminated soil and hazardous waste revenues as a result of new acquisitions and an increase in dredge volume due to an increase in bidding activity. 
    
  For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , contaminated soil revenue increased 4% as compared to the same period last year principally attributable to project timing as well as from a recent acquisition.  Hazardous waste revenues increased 49% principally as a result of increased drum and aerosol can volume as well as volume from a recent acquisition.  Revenue from dredged material increased for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period in 2015 due to project timing.  Contaminated soils represented approximately  55% of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 62% for the three months ended September 30, 2015. 
  
   53 

     Table of Contents  

Cost of services 
  Cost of services for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $36.9 million   compared to approximately   $28.7 million   in the same period of 2015.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased from   35.0%   for the three month period ended September 30, 2015 to   28.4%   for the same period ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase in gross margin during the three months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to higher back-end costs at some of our soil facilities. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to approximately   $7.4 million   or   14.3%   of service revenues, as compared to   $7.5 million   or   16.9%   of service revenues for the same period in 2015.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $3.6 million   as compared to income from operations of   $4.9 million   for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of   $1.3 million  , primarily as a result of those factors described above.  
    
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Service revenues 
  Service revenues for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $134.0 million  , an increase of   $11.1 million   or   9.0%   compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in service revenues is principally due to two acquisitions in 2016 and transportation revenue on projects where Clean Earth schedules the transportation.  Transportation revenue has very low margins and is generally a pass-through to the customer. 
    
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , contaminated soil revenue increased 3% as compared to the same period last year principally attributable to increased commercial development activity in the Northeast.  Hazardous waste revenues increased 22% principally as a result of increased drum and aerosol can volume as well as revenue from a recent acquisition.  Revenue from dredged material increased 8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015 due to the project timing.  Contaminated soils represented approximately 58% of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to 61% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
  Cost of services 
  Cost of services for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $96.0 million   compared to approximately   $88.4 million   in the same period of 2015.   Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased from   28.1%   for the nine month period ended September 30, 2015 to   28.4%   for the same period ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase in gross margin during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to increased pricing across hazardous waste volumes. 
    
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to approximately   $22.3 million   or   16.6%   of service revenues, as compared to   $19.9 million   or   16.2%   of service revenues for the same period in 2015.  The   $2.4 million   increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to 2015 is primarily attributable to the reclassification of certain labor costs from cost of services to selling, general and administrative expenses, as well as a slight increase in labor costs and increased expenses associated with new acquisitions. 
    
  Amortization expense 
  Amortization expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $9.6 million  , an increase of   $0.3 million   compared to the  nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
    
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $5.9 million  , an increase of   $0.9 million   as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily as a result of those factors described above.  

54 

     Table of Contents  

Sterno Products 
  Overview 
    
  Sterno Products, headquartered in Corona, California, is a manufacturer and marketer of portable food warming fuel and creative table lighting solutions for the food service industry.  Sterno Products offers a broad range of wick and gel chafing fuels, butane stoves and accessories, liquid and traditional wax candles, catering equipment and lamps.  Sterno Products was formed in 2012 with the merger of two manufacturers and marketers of portable food warming fuel products, The Sterno Group LLC and the Candle Lamp Company, LLC.  
    
  On October 10, 2014, we made loans to and purchased all of the equity of Sterno Products for approximately   $160.0 million  .  On January 22, 2016, Sterno Products acquired Northern International, Inc. ("NII"), which  sells flameless candles and outdoor lighting products through the retail segment.  
  Results of Operations  
  The table below summarizes the income from operations data for Sterno Products for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   September 30, 2015  .  The results of NII have been included from the date of acquisition through the end of the reporting period. 

Three months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to the three months ended   September 30, 2015 
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $55.6 million  , an increase of   $23.9 million   or   75.3%   compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in net sales is a result of the acquisition of NII in January 2016 ($23.5 million in net sales), and the timing of stocking programs of key Sterno customers.   
    
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $39.7 million   compared to approximately   $23.4 million   in the same period of 2015.  Cost of sales for NII were approximately $16.9 million.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased from   26.2%   for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to   28.5%   for the same period ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase in gross margin during the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily reflects a favorable margin mix with the acquisition of NII, manufacturing efficiencies resulting from investment in automation and favorable trends in global commodity prices.   
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was  approximately   $8.6 million   and   $4.0 million  , respectively.  Selling, general and administrative expense represented   15.4%   of net sales for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to   12.6%   of net sales for the same period in 2015.  The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the third quarter of 2016 reflects the acquisition of NII, which has historically had a higher selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue, as well as an increase in staffing to strengthen sales and marketing and increased professional service costs associated with the acquisition of NII.  
  
   55 

     Table of Contents  

Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $5.5 million  , an increase of   $2.8 million   when compared to the same period in 2015, as a result of those factors described above.  
    
  Nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to nine months ended   September 30, 2015    
    
  Net sales 
  Net sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $156.7 million  , an increase of   $58.0 million   or   58.8%   compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase in net sales is a result of the acquisition of NII in January 2016 ($57.8 million in net sales), offset by the timing of stocking programs of key Sterno customers.   
  Cost of sales 
  Cost of sales for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were approximately   $113.7 million   compared to approximately   $74.4 million   in the same period of 2015.  Cost of sales for NII were approximately $42.3 million, and includes $1.2 million in expense associated with the inventory step-up recorded in connection with the preliminary purchase price allocation for NII.  Gross profit as a percentage of sales increased from   24.6%   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to   27.4%   for the same period ended   September 30, 2016  .  The increase in gross margin during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily reflects a favorable margin mix with the acquisition of NII, manufacturing efficiencies resulting from investment in automation and favorable trends in global commodity prices.   
  Selling, general and administrative expense 
  Selling, general and administrative expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was  approximately   $23.6 million   and   $11.8 million  , respectively.  Selling, general and administrative expense represented   15.0%   of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to   11.9%   of net sales for the same period in 2015.  The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects the acquisition of NII, which has historically had a higher selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of revenue, as well as an increase in staffing to strengthen sales and marketing and increased professional service costs associated with the acquisition of NII.  
  Income from operations 
  Income from operations for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was approximately   $14.1 million  , an increase of   $5.8 million   when compared to the same period in 2015, as a result of those factors described above.  

Liquidity and Capital Resources  
    
  Liquidity 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had approximately   $26.4 million   of cash and cash equivalents on hand. The majority of our cash is in non-interest bearing checking accounts or invested in short-term money market accounts and is maintained in accordance with the Company s investment policy, which identifies allowable investments and specifies credit quality standards.   
    
  The change in cash and cash equivalents is as follows: 

56 

     Table of Contents  

Operating Activities: 
    
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , cash flows provided by operating activities  totaled approximately   $60.6 million  , which represents a   $14.1 million   increase compared to cash provided by operations of   $46.5 million   during the nine month period ended   September 30, 2015   (from both continuing and discontinued operations).  This increase is principally the result of changes in cash used for working capital in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same period in 2015, primarily as a result of the higher net income from continuing operations in 2016 compared to 2015, and the effect of the cash flows from add-on acquisitions.  
    
  Investing Activities: 
    
  Cash flows used in investing activities for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   totaled approximately   $417.3 million  , compared to   $246.6 million   provided by investing activities in the same period of 2015.  Capital expenditures in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   increased approximately $4.2 million.  The increase in capital expenditures is attributable to our acquisition of 5.11 Tactical in August 2016, and additional investment in manufacturing lines at Sterno, Advanced Circuits and Liberty during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the prior year.  We expect capital expenditures for the full year of 2016 to be approximately $18 million to $20 million.  The 2016 investing activities reflect the acquisition of NII by Sterno in January 2016 ($35.6 million), EWS and Phoenix Soil by Clean Earth ($33.1 million),  Baby Tula by Ergobaby ($65.0 million) and the Company's acquisition of 5.11 Tactical ($395.4 million), offset by the proceeds from the partial divestiture of FOX shares ($110.7 million) and the sale of Tridien ($12.3 million).  The Company also settled the escrow related to our sale of Camelbak during the third quarter of 2016, resulting in a payment of $1.3 million. 
    
  Financing Activities: 
    
  Cash flows provided by financing activities totaled approximately   $300.4 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to cash flows used in financing activities of   $225.5 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  .  Highlights of financing activities include: 

Distributions of   $23.6 million   paid during 2016 to noncontrolling shareholders as a result of the Liberty and ACI recapitalizations; 
                
    Net borrowings during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 under our 2014 Credit Facility totaled $412.1 million, including borrowings under our 2016 Incremental Term Loan, which was used to fund the acquisitions of 5.11 Tactical during the third quarter, EWS and Baby Tula during the second quarter, and the repurchase of Ergobaby common stock from noncontrolling shareholders during the third quarter.  
                
    Distributions of $16.8 million to the Holders of the allocation interest related to a Sale Event (March Offering of FOX) and a Holding Event (ACI). 
       
  Inter-company Debt 
    
  A component of our acquisition financing strategy that we utilize in acquiring the businesses we own and manage is to provide both equity capital and debt capital, raised at the parent level through our existing credit facility.  Our strategy of providing inter-company debt financing within the capital structure of the businesses that we acquire and manage allows us the ability to distribute cash to the parent company through monthly interest payments and amortization of the principle on these inter-company loans.  Each loan to our businesses has a scheduled maturity and each business is entitled to repay all or a portion of the principal amount of the outstanding loans, without penalty, prior to maturity.  Certain of our businesses have paid down their respective inter-company debt balances through the cash flow generated by these businesses and we have recapitalized, and expect to continue to recapitalize, these businesses in the normal course of our business.  The recapitalization process involves funding the inter-company debt using either cash on hand at the parent or our revolving credit facility, and serves the purpose of optimizing the capital structure at our subsidiaries and providing the noncontrolling shareholders with a distribution on their ownership interest in a cash flow positive business.   
    
  During the second quarter of 2016, we completed a recapitalization at Advanced Circuits whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the inter-company loan agreement with Advanced Circuits (the "ACI Loan Agreement").  The ACI loan agreement was amended to provide for additional term loan borrowings of $60.1 million and to extend the maturity date for the term loans.   The ACI noncontrolling shareholders received approximately $18.6 million in distributions as a result of the recapitalization.   

57 

     Table of Contents  

During the first quarter of 2016, we completed a recapitalization at Liberty whereby we entered into an amendment to the inter-company loan agreement with Liberty (the  Liberty Loan Agreement ). The Liberty Loan Agreement was amended to (i) provide for term loan borrowings of $38.0 million and revolving credit facility borrowings of $5.0 million to fund cash distributions totaling $35.3 million to its shareholders, including the Company, and (ii) extend the maturity dates of the term loans and revolving credit facility.  Liberty s noncontrolling shareholders received approximately $5.3 million in distributions as a result of the recapitalization.      Certain members of Liberty's management also exercised stock option immediately prior to the recapitalization, resulting in net proceeds from stock options at Liberty of $3.8 million.  The Company then purchased $1.5 million in shares from members of Liberty management, resulting in Liberty's noncontrolling shareholders holding 11.4% of Liberty's outstanding shares subsequent to the recapitalization.   
    
  As of June 30, 2016, Manitoba Harvest  was in default of certain financial covenants under the inter-company loan agreement with the Company.  The Company waived the default by amending its inter-company loan agreement with Manitoba Harvest.  The amendment includes certain provisions that provide relief of Manitoba Harvest s financial covenants through June 30, 2017.  
    
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had the following outstanding loans due from each of our businesses: 

Our primary source of cash is from the receipt of interest and principal on the outstanding loans to our businesses. Accordingly, we are dependent upon the earnings of and cash flow from these businesses, which are available for (i) operating expenses; (ii) payment of principal and interest under our 2014 Credit Facility; (iii) payments to CGM due pursuant to the Management Services Agreement and the LLC Agreement; (iv) cash distributions to our shareholders; and (v) investments in future acquisitions. Payments made under (iii) above are required to be paid before distributions to shareholders and may be significant and exceed the funds held by us, which may require us to dispose of assets or incur debt to fund such expenditures. 
    
  FOX Equity Investment 
  In March 2016, we sold 2,500,000 of our FOX shares through a secondary offering .  Concurrently with the offering, FOX purchased 500,000 of their shares directly from us, resulting in the sale of a total of 3,000,000 shares of FOX common stock (the "March Offering").  Total net proceeds from the March Offering was approximately $47.7 million.  Upon completion of the March Offering and purchase of shares by FOX, our ownership interest in FOX was reduced from approximately 41% to 33%.  In August 2016, FOX closed on another secondary offering (the "August Offering") through which we sold 3,050,000 shares of FOX common stock for net proceeds of approximately $63.0 million.  The proceeds from the August Offering were used to pay down a portion of the outstanding amount of our 2014 Revolving Credit Facility.  Upon completion of the August Offering, our ownership of FOX decreased from 33% to approximately 23%.  We currently own approximately 8.6 million shares of FOX common stock.   
  The sale of FOX shares in the March Offering and August Offering qualified as Sale Events under our LLC Agreement.  Our Board of Directors declared a distribution of $8.6 million and $11.6 million, respectively, in connection with the March Offering and August Offering.  The profit allocation related to the March Offering was made in the quarter ended June 30, 2016, and the profit allocation payment related to the August Offering will be made during the fourth quarter of 2016.   

We believe that we currently have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet our existing obligations, including quarterly distributions to our shareholders, as approved by our Board of Directors, over the next twelve months.  The quarterly distribution for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was paid on October 27, 2016 and totaled $19.5 million. 

58 

     Table of Contents  

2014 Credit Facility 
    
  On June 6, 2014 we entered in a new credit facility, the 2014 Credit Facility, which replaced our then existing 2011 Credit Facility entered into in October 2011.  On August 31, 2016, we entered into an Incremental Facility Amendment to the 2014 Credit Agreement.  The Incremental Facility Amendment provided an increase to the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility of $150.0 million, and the 2016 Incremental Term Loan in the amount of $250.0 million.  The 2014 Credit Facility now provides for (i) revolving loans, swing line loans and letters of credit up to an maximum aggregate amount of $550 million and matures in June 2019,  (ii) a $325 million term loan, and (iii) a $250 million incremental term loan.  Our 2014 Term Loan requires quarterly payments with a final payment of the outstanding principal balance due in June 2021.  (Refer to Note I to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete description of our 2014 Credit Facility.)    
    
  In connection with the 2016 Incremental Facility Amendment, we incurred $6.0 million in additional debt issuance costs which will be recognized as expense during the remaining term of the related 2014 Revolving Credit Facility and 2014 Term Loan and the 2016 Incremental Term Loan.  The Incremental Facility Amendment did not change the due dates or applicable interest rates of the 2014 Credit Agreement.  The quarterly payments for the term loan advances under the 2014 Credit Facility increased to approximately $1.4 million per quarter.  We used the proceeds from the Incremental Facility Amendment to fund the acquisition of 5.11 Tactical.    
    
  We had   $377.9 million   in net availability under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility at   September 30, 2016  .  The  outstanding borrowings under the 2014 Revolving Credit Facility includes   $5.1 million   at   September 30, 2016   of outstanding letters of credit. 
    
  The following table reflects required and actual financial ratios as of   September 30, 2016   included as part of the affirmative covenants in our 2014 Credit Facility:    

We intend to use the availability under our 2014 Credit Facility and cash on hand to pursue acquisitions of additional businesses to the extent permitted under our 2014 Credit Facility, to fund distributions and to provide for other working capital needs.   
    
  Subsequent Events  
    
  Profit Allocation Payment - Sale Event    
  The sale of FOX shares in August 2016 and the sale of Tridien in September 2016 qualified as Sale Events under our LLC Agreement.  In November 2016 as a result of the FOX shares in August 2016 and the sale of Tridien, both qualifying as Sale Events, the Company's board of directors approved and declared a profit allocation payment of $7.0 million which will be paid during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Interest Expense 
  We recorded interest expense totaling   $23.2 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $24.0 million   for the comparable period in 2015.  The components of interest expense and periodic interest charges on outstanding debt are as follows (  in thousands  ): 

59 

     Table of Contents  

(1)         On September 16, 2014, we purchased an interest rate swap (the "New Swap") with a notional amount of $220 million effective April 1, 2016 through June 6, 2021.  The agreement requires us to pay interest on the notional amount at the rate of 2.97% in exchange for the three-month LIBOR rate.  At   September 30, 2016  , the New Swap had a fair value loss of   $18.7 million  , reflecting the present value of future payments and receipts under the agreement and is reflected as a component of interest expense and other non-current liabilities.  Removing the effect of the unrealized loss on the interest rate swap results in an effective interest rate of 4.1% for the first nine months of 2016 and 4.4% for the first nine months of 2015.  Refer to Note J - Derivatives and Hedging Activities of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Income Taxes 
  We incurred income tax expense of   $9.8 million   with an effective tax rate of   15.8%   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $9.2 million   with an effective income tax rate of   56.3%   during the same period in 2015. Non-deductible costs at the corporate level, including the gain on our equity method investment in FOX in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , account for the majority of the remaining difference in our effective income tax rates in both periods.  Certain foreign operations are subject to foreign income taxation under existing provisions of the laws of those jurisdictions.  Pursuant to U.S. tax laws, earnings from those jurisdictions will be subject to the U.S. income tax rate when those earnings are repatriated.  During the quarter ending September 30, 2016, management changed our previously asserted tax position that we planned to permanently re-invest foreign earnings of controlled foreign corporations at our Arnold subsidiary.  The principal reason for changing our position is Arnold's planned repatriation of excess foreign cash to pay down the inter-company debt with the Company.  We have recorded a deferred tax liability of $2.8 million related to the Arnold's foreign subsidiaries as a result of the change in position pursuant to APB 23.   
  The components of income tax expense as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 are as follows: 

(1)         The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 includes a significant loss at the Company's parent, which is taxed as a partnership. 
    
   (2)     The equity method investment in FOX is held at the Company's parent, which is taxed as a partnership, resulting in the gain or loss on the investment being a reconciling item in deriving our effective tax rate. 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  U.S. GAAP refers to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. From time to time we may publicly disclose certain "non-GAAP" financial measures in the course of our investor presentations, earnings releases, earnings conference calls or other venues. A non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of historical or future performance, financial position or cash flow that excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that effectively exclude amounts, included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our financial statements, and vice versa for measures that include amounts, or are subject to adjustments that effectively include amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable measure as calculated and presented. 
  
   60 

     Table of Contents  

Non-GAAP financial measures are provided as additional information to investors in order to provide them with an alternative method for assessing our financial condition and operating results. These measures are not meant to be a substitute for GAAP, and may be different from or otherwise inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
  The tables below reconcile the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures to Earnings before Interest, Income Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization ("EBITDA"), Adjusted EBITDA, and Cash Flow Available for Distribution and Reinvestment ("CAD"). 
    
  Reconciliation of Net income (Loss) to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
  EBITDA    EBITDA is calculated as income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), depreciation expense and amortization expense. Amortization expenses consist of amortization of intangibles and debt charges, including debt issuance costs, discounts, etc. 
  Adjusted EBITDA     Adjusted EBITDA is calculated utilizing the same calculation as described above in arriving at EBITDA further adjusted by; (i) non-controlling stockholder compensation, which generally consists of non-cash stock option expense; (ii) successful acquisition costs, which consist of transaction costs (legal, accounting , due diligences, etc.,) incurred in connection with the successful acquisition of a business expensed during the period in compliance with ASC 805; (iii) management fees, which reflect fees due quarterly to our Manager in connection with our Management Services Agreement ("MSA ), as well as Integration Services Fees paid by newly acquired companies; (iv) impairment charges, which reflect write downs to goodwill or other intangible assets; (v) gains or losses recorded in connection with our equity method investment;  (vi) gains or losses recorded in connection with the sale of fixed assets and (vii) foreign currency transaction gains or losses incurred in connection with the conversion of inter-company debt from a foreign functional currency to U.S. dollar. 
  We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to investors and reflect important financial measures as they exclude the effects of items which reflect the impact of long-term investment decisions, rather than the performance of near term operations. When compared to income (loss) from continuing operations these financial measures are limited in that they do not reflect the periodic costs of certain capital assets used in generating revenues of our businesses or the non-cash charges associated with impairments. This presentation also allows investors to view the performance of our businesses in a manner similar to the methods used by us and the management of our businesses, provides additional insight into our operating results and provides a measure for evaluating targeted businesses for acquisition. 
  We believe these measurements are also useful in measuring our ability to service debt and other payment obligations. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not meant to be a substitute for GAAP, and may be different from or otherwise inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
  The following table reconciles EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to income (loss) from continuing operations, which we consider to be the most comparable GAAP financial measure   (in thousands)  : 

61 

Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2016    

(1)     Net income (loss) does not include income (loss) from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

62 

     Table of Contents  

Adjusted EBITDA 
  Nine months ended September 30, 2015    

(1)       Net income (loss) does not include income from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
    
   (2)     As a result of the sale of our Tridien subsidiary in September 2016, Adjusted EBITDA for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 does not include Adjusted EBITDA from Tridien of $4.0 million. 

63 

Table of Contents  

Cash Flow Available for Distribution and Reinvestment 
    
  The table below details cash receipts and payments that are not reflected on our income statement in order to provide an additional measure of management's estimate of cash available for distribution ("CAD").  CAD is a non-GAAP measure that we believe provides additional, useful information to our shareholders in order to enable them to evaluate our ability to make anticipated quarterly distributions. CAD is not meant to be a substitute for GAAP, and may be different from or otherwise inconsistent with non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. 
  The following table reconciles CAD to net income (loss) and cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP.  
  
   64 

     Table of Contents  

(1)       Represents the commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facilities. 
   (2)             Represents fees paid by newly acquired companies to the Manager for integration services performed during the first year of   ownership, payable quarterly.   
  
   65 

     Table of Contents  

(3)     Represents maintenance capital expenditures that were funded from operating cash flow, net of proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment, and excludes growth capital expenditures of approximately $1.6 million for  the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 
            (4)   
    Reflects the foreign currency transaction gain or loss resulting from the Canadian dollar intercompany loans issued to Manitoba Harvest. 
       
  Seasonality 
  Earnings of certain of our operating segments are seasonal in nature.  Earnings from Liberty are typically lowest in the second quarter due to lower demand for safes at the onset of summer.  Earnings from Clean Earth are typically lower during the winter months due to the limits on outdoor  construction and dredging because of the colder weather in the Northeastern United States.    Sterno Products typically has higher sales in the second and fourth quarter of each year, reflecting the outdoor summer season and the holiday season.   
    
  Related Party Transactions  
    
  ACI Recapitalization 
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company completed a recapitalization at ACI whereby the Company entered into an amendment to the intercompany debt agreement with ACI (the "ACI Loan Agreement").  The ACI Loan Agreement was amended to  provide for additional term loan borrowings of $61.0 million to fund a cash distributions to shareholders totaling $60.1 million.  Minority interest shareholders of Advanced Circuits, including certain members of management at Advanced Circuits, received total distribution proceeds of $18.4 million.  The Company used cash on hand to fund the distribution to minority shareholders.   
  Liberty Recapitalization 
  During the first quarter of 2016, we completed a recapitalization at Liberty whereby we entered into an amendment to the intercompany loan agreement with Liberty (the  Liberty Loan Agreement ). The Liberty Loan Agreement was amended to (i) provide for term loan borrowings of $38.0 million and revolving credit facility borrowings of $5.0 million to fund cash distributions totaling $35.3 million to its shareholders, including the Company, and (ii) extend the maturity dates of the term loans and revolving credit facility.  Liberty s noncontrolling shareholders received approximately $5.3 million in distributions as a result of the recapitalization.  Certain members of Liberty's management also exercised stock option immediately prior to the recapitalization, resulting in net proceeds from stock options at Liberty of $3.8 million.  The Company then purchased $1.5 million in shares from members of Liberty management, resulting in Liberty's noncontrolling shareholders holding 11.4% of Liberty's outstanding shares subsequent to the recapitalization.   
  Ergobaby Share Repurchase 
  In June 2016, Ergobaby repurchased 77,425 shares of Ergobaby common stock from certain noncontrolling interest shareholders for a total purchase price of $15.4 million.  Ergobaby financed the repurchase of shares with an increase to the intercompany debt facility with the Company.  Subsequent to the repurchase, the noncontrolling interest in Ergobaby is 83.9% on a primary basis and  76.2% on a fully diluted basis.  The shares have been accounted for as treasury shares by Ergobaby. 
  Equity method investment in FOX 
  During the first quarter of 2016, the Company's equity method investment, FOX, closed on a secondary public offering of 2,500,000 shares of FOX common shares held by the Company.  Concurrently with the closing of the March Offering, FOX repurchased 500,000 shares of FOX common stock held by the Company.  As a result of the sale of shares through the March Offering and the repurchase of shares by FOX, the Company sold a total of 3,000,000 shares of FOX common stock, with total net proceeds of approximately $47.7 million.  Upon completion of the March Offering and repurchase of shares by FOX, the Company's ownership interest in FOX was reduced from approximately 41% to 33%.  The sale of a portion of the Company's FOX shares in March 2016 qualified as a Sale Event under the Company's LLC Agreement.  During the second quarter, the Company's board of directors declared a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests of $8.6 million in connection with the Sale Event of FOX.  The profit allocation payment was made during the quarter ended June 30, 2016.   
  During the third quarter of 2016,  FOX closed on a secondary public offering of 4,025,000 shares held by certain FOX shareholders, including the Company.  The Company sold a total of 3,500,000 shares of FOX common stock in the August Offering, for total net proceeds of   $63.0 million  .  Upon completion of the August offering, our ownership of FOX decreased from approximately    33%   to approximately   23%  .   The sale of the portion of our FOX shares in August 2016 qualified as a Sale Event under the  
  
   66 

     Table of Contents  

Company's LLC Agreement.  Our board of directors declared a distribution to the Holders of the Allocation Interests in connection with the August Sale Event of FOX.  The profit allocation payment will be made during the quarter ended December 31, 2016.   
    
  The following table reflects the year to date activity from our investment in FOX (  in thousands  ): 

Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  We have no special purpose entities or off balance sheet arrangements, other than operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business. 
  Long-term contractual obligations, except for our long-term debt obligations, are generally not recognized in our consolidated balance sheet. Non-cancelable purchase obligations are obligations we incur during the normal course of business, based on projected needs. 
  The table below summarizes the payment schedule of our contractual obligations at   September 30, 2016  : 

(1)   
    Reflects commitment fees and letter of credit fees under our 2014 Revolving Credit Facility and amounts due, together with interest on our 2014 Term Loan Facility. 
               (2)   
    Reflects various operating leases for office space, manufacturing facilities and equipment from third parties with various lease terms running from one to fourteen years. 
               (3)   
    Reflects non-cancelable commitments as of   September 30, 2016  , including: (i) shareholder distributions of $78.2 million; (ii) estimated management fees of $21.6 million per year over the next five years, and (iii) other obligations including amounts due under employment agreements. Distributions to our shareholders are approved by our Board of Directors each quarter. The amount ultimately approved as future quarterly distributions may differ from the amount included in this schedule. 
               (4)   
    The contractual obligation table does not include approximately $0.4 million in liabilities associated with unrecognized tax benefits as of   September 30, 2016   as the timing of the recognition of this liability is not certain. The amount of the liability is not expected to significantly change in the next twelve months. 
     
   67 

     Table of Contents  

Critical Accounting Estimates 
  The preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions and judgments and uncertainties, and potentially could result in materially different results under different conditions. These critical accounting estimates are reviewed periodically by our independent auditors and the audit committee of our board of directors. 
  Except as set forth below, our critical accounting estimates have not changed materially from those disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC. 
  2016 Annual Impairment Testing - Goodwill and Indefinite Lived Impairment Testing 
    
  Goodwill 
    
  Goodwill represents the excess amount of the purchase price over the fair value of the assets acquired.  Our goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets are tested for impairment on an annual basis as of March 31   st   , and if current events or circumstances require, on an interim basis. Goodwill is allocated to various reporting units, which are generally an operating segment or one level below the operating segment.  Each of our businesses represents a reporting unit except Arnold, which is comprised of three reporting units, and each reporting unit is included in our annual impairment test.  
    
  We use a qualitative approach to test goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment testing.  The qualitative factors we consider include, in part, the general macroeconomic environment, industry and market specific conditions for each reporting unit, financial performance including actual versus planned results and results of relevant prior periods, operating costs and cost impacts, as well as issues or events specific to the reporting unit.  At March 31, 2016, we determined that the Tridien reporting unit, which we sold in September 2016 and is presented as a discontinued operation, required further quantitative testing (step 1) because we could not conclude that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value based on qualitative factors alone.  For the step 1 quantitative impairment test at Tridien, the Company utilized both the market approach and the income approach, with a 50% weighting assigned to each method.  The weighted average cost of capital used in the income approach at Tridien was 14.1%.  Results of the step 1 quantitative testing of Tridien indicated that the fair value of Tridien exceeded its carrying value.  For the reporting units that were tested qualitatively, the  results of the qualitative analysis indicated that the fair value of those reporting units exceeded their carrying value.  
  Arnold 
  Arnold has experienced declines in revenue and operating income during the first nine months of 2016 as compared to the prior year.  The results at Arnold may continue to be be lower than forecast and as a result, it may be necessary to perform interim Step 1 goodwill impairment testing at Arnold in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
    
  Indefinite-lived intangible assets  
  We use a qualitative approach to test indefinite lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing.  Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names with a carrying value of approximately   $73.0 million  .  The results of the qualitative analysis of our indefinite lived intangible assets, which we completed as of March 31, 2016,  indicated that the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible assets exceeded their carrying value.  
    
  Long lived assets 
  Orbitbaby 
  During the second quarter of 2016, Ergobaby's board of directors approved a plan to dispose of the Orbitbaby product line.  Ergobaby determined at the time the plan was approved that the carrying value of the long lived assets associated with the Orbitbaby product line was not recoverable, and therefore, Ergobaby recorded a loss on disposal of assets of   $7.2 million   related to the write off of the long-lived assets of Orbitbaby.  The loss is comprised of the write-off of intangible assets of $5.5 million, property, plant and equipment of $0.4 million, and other assets of $0.8 million.  Ergobaby will continue to sell the remaining Orbitbaby inventory through the end of 2016.  Ergobaby recorded additional expense of $0.6 million in the third quarter of 2016, primarily related to the early termination of the Orbitbaby lease.  In October 2016, Ergobaby sold a majority of the Orbit Baby intellectual property  
  
   68 

     Table of Contents  

and tooling assets.  The proceeds of the sale will reduce the loss recorded on disposal of assets by approximately $1.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  Refer to Footnote B to our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ITEM 3.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  There have been no material changes to our market risk since December 31, 2015. For a further discussion of our exposure to market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A, "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk," contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

ITEM 4.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
  As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), Holdings  Regular Trustees and the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of Holdings  and the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, the Holdings  Regular Trustees and the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company concluded that Holdings  and the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  There have been no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

69 

Table of Contents  

PART II 
  OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
  Legal proceedings associated with the Company s and Holdings  business together with legal proceedings for the businesses have not changed materially from those disclosed in Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 as filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
    
  There have been no material changes in those risk factors and other uncertainties associated with the Company and Holdings discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors" disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on February 29, 2016. 

70 

     Table of Contents  

101.PRE* 
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
      + 
    In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

71 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                       
    COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS 

By: 
      
    /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Regular Trustee 

Date: November 2, 2016    
  SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                       
    COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC 

By: 
      
    /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: November 2, 2016    
  
   72 

Table of Contents  

EXHIBIT INDEX 

* 
    Filed herewith. 
      + 
    In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release No. 34-47986, the certifications furnished in Exhibit 32.1 and Exhibit 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Form 10-Q and will not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 

73 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 codi09302016-ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Alan B. Offenberg, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Alan B. Offenberg 
        
    Alan B. Offenberg 
        
    Chief Executive Officer of 
  Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
  (Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 codi09302016-ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  I, Ryan J. Faulkingham, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC (each, the  registrant  
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 2, 2016    
                   
    /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham 
        
    Ryan J. Faulkingham 
        
    Regular Trustee Compass, Diversified Holdings and 
  Chief Financial Officer, 
  Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 
  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer  ) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 codi09302016-ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Alan B. Offenberg, Chief Executive Officer of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC. 
                      Dated: 
    November 2, 2016 
    /s/ Alan B. Offenberg 

Alan B. Offenberg 

Chief Executive Officer, 
  Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 

The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and will be retained by Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 codi09302016-ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report of COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS and COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Ryan J. Faulkingham, Regular Trustee of Compass Diversified Holdings and Chief Financial Officer of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings, LLC. 
                      Dated: 
    November 2, 2016 
    /s/ Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Ryan J. Faulkingham 

Regular Trustee, Compass Diversified Holdings 
  and Chief Financial Officer, 
  Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 

The foregoing certification is being furnished to accompany Compass Diversified Holdings  and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016   (the  Report ) solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing of Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings that incorporates the Report by reference. A signed original of this written certification required by Section 906 has been provided to Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and will be retained by Compass Diversified Holdings and Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 codi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 codi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 codi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 codi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 codi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 codi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

