<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1380277_0001561661-16-000084_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>312685</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>68907</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>203785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>8</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001561661-16-000084.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121122720
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001561661-16-000084
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INFRAX SYSTEMS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001380277
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				202583185
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52488
		FILM NUMBER:		162009674

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3637 4TH ST N SUITE 330
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33704
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-498-8514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3637 4TH ST N SUITE 330
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33704

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OPTICON SYSTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OPTICON SYTEMS
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070302

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TALARI SAM
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001561661-16-000084.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 ifxyq93016v2.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

For the quarterly period ended:    September
30, 2016 

[ ]  
     
         TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT 
           
         For the transition period from ________________to
        ________________   

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER  000-52488  

INFRAX SYSTEMS, INC.   

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in charter) 

NEVADA   
       20-2583185    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (IRS Employer Identification Number)   

3637 4th Street North, St.
Petersburg, FL 33704 

 (Address of principal executive offices) (ZIP
Code) 

(727) 498-8514      

 (Registrant's telephone no., including area
code) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  
       o    Yes  
       x    No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  

x   Yes  

o   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  
       x   Yes  
       o    No   

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (  229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  

o   Yes  

x   No   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.   
 
       o     Large accelerated filer  
       o     Accelerated filer  
       o     Non-accelerated filer  
       x     Smaller reporting Company   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  
       o    Yes  
        x    No   

As of November 17, 2016, the registrant had
1,064,135,262 shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
       
       PAGE    

Item 1  
      Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and June 30, 2016 (unaudited)  
       
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016  and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016  and 2015 (unaudited)  
       
      5   

Condensed Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements (unaudited)  
       
      6   

Item 2  
      Management's Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation  
       
      16   

Item 3  
      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
       
      23   

Item 4  
      Controls and Procedures  
       
      23   

PART II   
       OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1  
      Legal Proceedings  
       
      24   

Item 1A  
      Risk Factors  
       
      24   

Item 2  
      Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
       
      24   

Item 3  
      Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
       
      24   

Item 4  
      Mine Safety Disclosures  
       
      24   

Item 5  
      Other Information  
       
      24   

Item 6  
      Exhibits  
       
      24   

Signatures  
       
      25   

Infrax Systems, Inc. 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(unaudited)  

Infrax Systems, Inc.    
 
       Consolidated Statements of Operations    
 
       (Unaudited)    

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements.   

Infrax Systems, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  

  (Unaudited)  

For the Three 
        Months Ended 
         September 30,  

For the Three Months Ended 
         September 30,  

2016  
       
      2015  

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:  

Net (loss) income  
       
      $  
      (17,381)  

$  
      (48,358  
      )  

Adjustment to reconcile Net Income to net  

cash provided by or (used in) operations:  

Depreciation and amortization  

6,578  

Amortization of deferred revenue  

Amortization of debt discount  

(14,567)  

34,672  

Gain on settlement of debt  

-  

Stock based compensation  

-  

Minority interest  

-  

Changes in assets and liabilities:  

Accounts receivable  

-  

Inventory  

-  

Related party loans  

-  

Accounts Payable  

806  

1,067  

Accrued Expenses  

1,957  

3,835  

Change in Convertible Notes  

43,292  

-  

Change in unamortized debt discount  

(13,737)  

-  

Net Cash (Used) by Operating Activities  

370  

(2,206)  

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:  

(Purchase) disposal of property and equipment  

-  

-    

Net Cash (Used) Provided by Investing Activities  

0  

-  

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:  

Net proceeds from debt  

-   

Payments from (to) Related Parties  

1,941  

Change in Additional Paid in Capital  

(421)  

-  

Net Cash (Used) Provided by Financing Activities  

0  

1,941  

Net increase/decrease in Cash  

(51)  

(256)  

Cash at beginning of period  

114  

274  

Cash at end of period  
       
      $  
      63     

$  
      9  

Supplemental cash flow information:  

Interest paid  

$  
      -  

$  
      -   

Taxes paid  

$  
      -  

$  
      -   

The accompanying notes are an integral
        part of these financial statements.   

Infrax Systems, Inc.   

  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements  

  As of September 30, 2016   

  (Unaudited)  

History of the Company and Nature of the Business  

History of the Company   

Nature of Business   

Since its inception, the Company had been dedicated
to selling and/or licensing a fiber optic management software system under the name OptiCon Network Manager, originally developed,
and acquired from Corning Cable System, Inc. through a related company, FutureTech Capital, LLC. In October 2009, the Company
began developing smart grid energy related products. As of June 29, 2010, the Company acquired the assets and management of Trimax
Wireless Systems, Inc. ( Trimax ), in exchange for equity and a note payable. In April 2011, the Company acquired controlling
interest in Lockwood Technology Corporation ( Lockwood ), a provider of advanced asset management solutions. In June
of 2015, the Company sold its interest in Lockwood Technology Corporation and has accountied for its assets, liabilities and results
of operations as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. 

While we continue to support the OptiCon Network
Management platform, the Company has shifted its focus and energies towards the  Smart Grid  energy sector. The Company
believes our secure integrated platform will hasten the deployment of all Smart Grid technology for resource constrained small
and mid-sized utilities.  Infrax s advantage comes from our products ability to enable the creation of a secure
platform scalable to deliver a broad set of intelligent Smart Grid initiatives across millions of endpoints for Utilities. 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Basis of Presentation   

The consolidated balance sheet as of September
30, 2016, the consolidated statements of operations and statements of cash flows for the three months then ended, and the statement
of stockholders  equity have been prepared by the Company without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Certain information and footnote disclosures, normally included in the financial statements prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, have been condensed or omitted as allowed
by such rules and regulations, and the Company believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented not
misleading. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments
necessary to present fairly the financial position at September 30, 2016, and the results of operations and changes in cash flows
for the three months then ended have been made. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial
statements and notes thereto included in our annual report for the year ended June 30, 2015 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on
October 14, 2014. 

Certain reclassifications have been made to
the Statement of Operations for disclosure purposes and comparability. 

Use of Estimates   

The Company prepares its financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. These principals require management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Management believes that these estimates are reasonable and have been discussed with the Board of Directors; however, actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts and operations of Infrax Systems, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiary, Infrax Systems SA (Pty) Ltd, an inactive
foreign subsidiary. 

Variable Interest Entities   

The Company considers the consolidation of
entities to which the usual condition (ownership of a majority voting interest) of consolidation does not apply, focusing on controlling
financial interests that may be achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interest.  If an enterprise
holds a majority of the variable interests of an entity, it would be considered the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiary
is generally required to consolidate assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests at fair value (or at historical cost if
the entity is a related party) and subsequently account for the variable interest as if it were consolidated based on a majority
voting interest.  The Company has evaluated all related parties, contracts, agreements and arrangements in which it may
hold a variable interest. The Company has determined it is not the primary beneficiary in any of these entities, arrangements or
participates in any of the activities. 

Financial Instruments   

The Company s balance sheets include
the following financial instruments: cash, accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue,
and notes payable and notes payable to stockholder. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities approximate
their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected
realization. The carrying values of the note payable to stockholder  approximates fair value based on borrowing rates
currently available to the Company for instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities. 

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) introduced a framework for measuring fair value and expanded required disclosure about fair value measurements
of assets and liabilities. The Company adopted the standard for those financial assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the
2008 fiscal year and the impact of adoption was not significant. FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 820   Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures   (ASC 820) defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an
asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in
an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that
distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources
(observable inputs) and (2) an entity s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the
best information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels,
which gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and
the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The Three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: 

Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement
date for identical, unrestricted assets or liabilities  

               Level
2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability
(e.g., interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
other means.  

               Level
3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.  

Fair value estimates discussed herein are based
upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as of September 30, 2016. The respective carrying
value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.
These financial instruments include accounts receivable, other current assets, accounts payable, accrued compensation and accrued
expenses. The fair value of the Company s notes payable is estimated based on current rates that would be available for debt
of similar terms which is not significantly different from its stated value. 

The Company applied ASC 820 for all non-financial
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The adoption of ASC 820 for non-financial assets and liabilities
did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

As of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the
fair values of the Company s financial instruments approximate their historical carrying amount. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The majority of cash is maintained with major
financial institutions in the United States.  Deposits with these banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on
such deposits.  Generally, these deposits may be redeemed on demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk.  The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of Three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable and Credit    

Accounts receivable consist of amounts due
for the delivery of sales to customers.   Prepayments on account are recorded as customer deferred revenue. Additionally,
the Company invoices projects when signed agreement or statements of work are received. Amounts are recorded at the anticipated
collectible amount and recorded as deferred revenue until such time that the work is performed. Contract 

revenue is recognized as the contract is completed,
based on defined milestones (see policy on revenue recognition). An allowance for doubtful accounts is considered to be established
for any amounts that may not be recoverable, which is based on an analysis of the Company s customer credit worthiness, and
current economic trends.  Based on management s review of accounts receivable, no allowance for doubtful accounts
was considered necessary.   Receivables are determined to be past due, based on payment terms of original invoices.  The
Company does not typically charge interest on past due receivables. 

Inventories   

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
or market, which approximates actual cost. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out method.  Inventory is comprised
of component parts and accessories available for sale. Parts are generally purchased for projects, as minimal inventory is held
to supply customers. 

Property   Equipment    

Property and equipment are recorded at historical
cost or acquisition value. Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of the respective assets,
ranging from five to nine years. The carrying amount of all long-lived assets is evaluated periodically to determine if adjustment
to the depreciation and amortization period or the unamortized balance is warranted. Based upon the Company's most recent analysis,
management believes that no impairment of property and equipment exists at September 30, 2016. 

Intangible Property    

On June 29, 2010 the Company acquired the assets
of Trimax Wireless Systems, Inc., including licenses and trademarks. The purchase price was allocated first to the identifiable
assets received, allocating the remaining costs to the intellectual property. The valuation considered future cash flows of the
operating intangible assets acquired. The valuation of the intellectual property was limited to the acquisition price (valuation
of stock consideration and note payable), less the fair market value of identifiable assets. The shares issued in exchange for
the acquired property were valued at the fair market value of the equivalent common stock as of the date of closing. The fair market
value of consideration issued (stock and note payable) to the sellers was an aggregate amount of $6,511,364. The value assigned
to the carrying value of the acquired intellectual property was $6,329,342. Intellectual property has an estimated useful life
of 59 months (remaining life of patents). 

Capitalized Software Development Costs   

The Company capitalizes software development
costs, under which certain software development costs incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility have
been capitalized and are being amortized over the estimated lives of the related products. Capitalization of computer software
costs is discontinued when the computer software product is available to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed. 

Amortization begins when the product is available for release and sold to customers. Software development costs will be amortized
based on the estimated economic life of the product, anticipated to be 10 years.   

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets   

Periodically, the Company assesses the recoverability
of the Company s intangible assets, consisting of the Trimax acquired intellectual property, OptiCon Network Manager software
and its trademark, intangibles and goodwill and record an impairment loss to the extent that the carrying amounts of the assets
exceed its fair value.  Based upon management's most recent analysis, the Company believes that no impairment of the
Company s tangible or intangible assets exist at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015. 

Discontinued Operations   

In accordance with ASC 205-20,  Presentation
of Financial Statements-Discontinued Operations  ( ASC 205-20 ), we reported the results of Lockwood Technology
Corporation as discontinued operations. The application of ASC 205-20 is discussed in the notes to the financial statements. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company is principally in the business
of providing solutions for a secure intelligent energy platform that incorporates our secure wireless technology. Contracts include
multiple revenue components, comprised of our software licensing, hardware platforms, installation, training and maintenance.  In
accordance with ASC 605-25 Multiple-Element Arrangements, revenue from licensing the software will be recognized upon installation
and acceptance of the software by customers.  When a software sales arrangement includes rights to customer support,
the portion of the license fee allocated to such support is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement, 

normally one year.  Revenue from
professional services arrangements will be recognized in the month in which services are rendered over the term of the arrangement
and collection is probable. 

Revenue associated with software sales to distributors is recognized, net of discounts, when the Company has performed substantially
all its obligations under the arrangement.  Until such time as substantially all obligations under the arrangement are
met, software sales are recognized as deferred revenue.  Costs and expenses associated with deferred revenue are also
deferred.  When a software sales arrangements include a commitment to provide training and/or other services or materials,
the Company estimates and records the expected costs of these training and/or other services and/or materials. 

Stock Based Compensation   

The Company issues restricted stock to consultants
for various services.  Cost for these transactions are measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair
value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  The value of the common stock is measured
at the earlier of (i) the date at which a firm commitment for performance by the counterparty to earn the equity instruments is
reached or (ii) the date at which the counterparty's performance is complete.  The Company recognized consulting expenses
and a corresponding increase to additional paid-in-capital related to stock issued for services. Stock compensation for the
periods presented were issued to consultants for past services provided, accordingly, all shares issued are fully vested, and there
is no unrecognized compensation associated with these transactions.   

Shipping Costs   

The Company includes shipping costs and freight-in
costs in cost of goods sold.   

Advertising Costs   

The costs of advertising are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expenses are included in the Company s operating expenses. Advertising expense was $0 and $0 for the three month
periods ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively 

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purpose, referred to as temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities at the end of each period are determined using the currently enacted tax rates applied to taxable income
in the periods in which the deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be settled or realized. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share   

Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the loss
available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during each period.  Diluted
EPS is similarly calculated, except that the denominator includes common shares that may be issued subject to existing rights with
dilutive potential, except when their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Based on an estimated current value of the
Company s stock being equal to or less than the exercise price of the warrants, none of the shares assumed issued upon conversion
of the warrants, nor any of the stock assumed issued under the Company's 2004 Non statutory Stock Option Plan, are included in
the computation of fully diluted loss per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Convertible preferred shares have
been included in the dilutive computation, as if they would have been converted at the end of the period. 

*Potentially issuable preferred shares, if converted to common,
were considered but not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the period ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively, because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

We have reviewed accounting pronouncements
and interpretations thereof that have effectiveness dates during the periods reported and in future periods. The Company has considered
the new pronouncements that alter previous generally accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any new or modified
principles will have a material impact on the corporation s reported financial position or operations in the near term.  The
applicability of any standard is subject to the formal review of our financial management and certain standards are under consideration.  Those
standards have been addressed in the notes to the unaudited financial statement and in our Annual Report, filed on Form 10-K for
the period ended June 30, 2015.  

Going Concern  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company has a
working capital deficit and has incurred a loss from operations and recurring losses since its inception resulting in a significant
accumulated deficit. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had negative working capital of approximately $ 370 and approximately
$63 in cash with which to satisfy any future cash requirements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company currently has no revenue, although management s plans do anticipate revenue in
the future. Accordingly, the Company depends upon capital to be derived from future financing activities such as loans from its
officers and directors, subsequent offerings of its common stock or debt financing in order to operate and grow the business. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising such capital. The key factors that are not within the Company's
control and that may have a direct bearing on operating results include, but are not limited to, acceptance of the Company s
business plan, the ability to raise capital in the future, to continue receiving funding from its officers, directors and shareholders,
the ability to expand its customer base, and the ability to hire key employees to grow the business. There may be other risks and
circumstances that management may be unable to predict. 

Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable reflect the amounts that
have billed at their anticipated collectible amount. The Company receives contract acceptances on submitted quotes. Due to the
advanced planning required, contract modifications occur, therefore, management invoices contracts upon signing, however, may reserve
against invoicing until final scope of project negotiations or good faith deposits are made. 

Property and Equipment  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the total
depreciation expense charged to continuing operations was $148, and $6,575 respectively.  

Discontinued Operations  
           
         In June of 2015, the Company sold its 70% controlling interest in
        Lockwood Technology Corporation to Sam Talari, the Company s Chairman in exchange for approximately $735,000 of accrued compensation
        and related party debt payable to Mr. Talari. As a result of the decision to sell this subsidiary, the Company has identified the
        assets and liabilities of Lockwood as pertaining to discontinued operations at September 30, 2016 and 2015 and has segregated its
        operating results and presented them separately as a discontinued operation for all periods presented. 

Notes payable  

Notes payable consist of the following as of
September 30, 2016; 

Related Parties Disclosures  

Employment Agreements  

 The Company currently does not have any
employment agreements in place. 

  Line of Credit, Master Agreement  

On September 1, 2005, Mr. Sam Talari, one of the Company's directors,
agreed to make advances to the Company as an interim unsecured loan for operational capital up to a maximum of $350,000, evidenced
by a non-interest bearing master promissory note, based on amounts advanced from time to time, payable annually. Mr. Talari has
pledged additional funding for operating capital, up 

to $500,000, under the same terms as the original Master Note. Mr.
Talari, from time to time, has converted advances and accrued interest in exchange for equity shares. Mr. Talari continued making
advances to the Company on the loan, of which $342,862 and $350,000 remains outstanding at September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015,
respectively. 

 Accounts Payable 

 The Company relies on advances from the majority
shareholder and other key members. Advances are normally in the form of a loan. Payments are made on behalf of the Company by these
individuals and are treated as trade payables. These amounts are considered liquid and if payment is not made, may be formally
converted in the form of a note. The Company currently has an aggregate of $172,471 and $1,123 due to two individuals as of September
30, 2016 and June 30. 2015.  

  Income Taxes  

There is no current or deferred income tax
expense or benefit allocated to continuing operations for the period ended September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015. The Company has
not recognized an income tax benefit for its operating losses generated through September 30, 2016 based on uncertainties concerning
the Company s ability to generate taxable income in future periods.  The tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance
established against deferred tax assets arising from operating losses and other temporary differences, the realization of which
could not be considered more likely than not.  In future periods, tax benefits and related deferred tax assets will be
recognized when management considers realization of such amounts to be more likely than not. 

For income tax purposes the Company has available
a net operating loss carry-forward of approximately $14,496,717 from inception to September 30, 2016, which will expire, unless
used to offset future federal taxable income beginning in 2024. The tax years ending June 30, 2010 through June 30, 2015 are open
for inspection by both Federal and State Agencies. 

Equity  

Preferred stock  

The Company has issued convertible preferred shares. Shares are
convertible into the Company s common stock, at the option of the holder, at the prescribed conversion rate. Conversions
are as follows: 

The Company has 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized
at $.001 par value. 

Common stock  

The Company has 1,950,000,000 shares of common stock authorized
at $.001 par value. 

Commitments and Contingencies  

Lease/Rental Agreements  

Our executive office, located in an office complex under an annual five year lease through the discontinued operations of Lockwood
Technology Corporation, began June 1, 2012 at a rent of $ 4,729 per month in St. Petersburg, Florida with Kalyvas Group II, LLC.
The lease provides approximately 4,100 square feet of: reception area, nine offices, a lab/production area, inventory room, server
room, kitchenette and one conference rooms. 

Rent expense for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 for continuing operations amounted to $0 and $6,482 respectively. 

Legal Matters   

 From time to time the
Company may be a party to litigation matters involving claims against the Company. Management believes that there are no current
matters that would have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or results of operations as of
September 30, 2016. 

  Subsequent Events    

N/A 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation    

Management s Discussion and Analysis or Plan of Operation    

The information contained in Item 2 contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Actual results may materially differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements
as a result of certain risks and uncertainties set forth in this report. Although management believes that the assumptions made
and expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, there is no assurance that the underlying assumptions
will, in fact, prove to be correct or that actual results will not be different from expectations expressed in this report. 

We desire to take advantage of the  safe
harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This filing contains a number of forward-looking
statements which reflect management s current views and expectations with respect to our business, strategies, products,
future results and events, and financial performance. All statements made in this filing other than statements of historical fact,
including statements addressing operating performance, events, or developments which management expects or anticipates will or
may occur in the future, including statements related to distributor channels, volume growth, revenues, profitability, new products,
adequacy of funds from operations, statements expressing general optimism about future operating results, and non-historical information,
are forward looking statements. In particular, the words  believe,   expect,   intend,   anticipate, 
 estimate,   may,  variations of such words, and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements,
but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements, and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking.
These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below. Our actual results,
performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well as those expressed in, anticipated, or implied
by these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to revise these forward-looking statements to reflect any
future events or circumstances. 

Readers should not place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements, which are based on management s current expectations and projections about future events,
are not guarantees of future performance, are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions (including those described below),
and apply only as of the date of this filing. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from the
results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause or contribute to such differences
include, but are not limited to, the risks to be discussed in our Annual Report on form 10-K and in the press releases and other
communications to shareholders issued by us from time to time which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors
which may affect our business. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 

The following discussions should be read in
conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto presented in  Item 1   Financial Statements 
and our audited financial statements and the related Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations included in our report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015. The information set forth in this  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
statements. 

Our Business  

INFRAX is a pioneer designer, developer, systems
integrator and manufacturer of turnkey secure solutions for the utility industry. We are a provider of unique secure, cost-efficient
solutions that provide everything required to bring the utility s technological platform into the 21st. century. Our SIEP 
platform provides: 1) Network Transport and Management (secure 2 way communications), 2) Secure Smart Devices (Smart Meters), and
3) Asset management, Grid Optimization and Security, all in an integrated state-of-the-art Smart Grid solution that truly provides
our customers with end to end grid management capability. 

We believe our Secure Integrated Platform will
facilitate and hasten the deployment of Smart Grid technology among resource constrained small and mid-sized utilities. INFRAX 
advantage comes from our advanced patented technologies, which provide a highly secure, reliable platform that allows two-way communication
with our Secure Intelligent Endpoint Devices for Advanced Metering Infrastructure and Substations applications. 

Based on our review of the Smart Grid related
products against which the Secure Intelligent Energy Platform now competes, we believe that none of them provide the required encryption
and threat detection capabilities required to secure the energy grid. 

The Utility industry s aggressive deployment
of Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) and data management devices has led to the accelerated reliance on fiber optic communications
to many of the key substations. However, the existing utility networks cannot provide the security, reliability and connectivity
to extend the reach to the consumer locations. 

Today s evolution of Smart Grid design
and implementations actually began several years prior to the current initiatives. The same applies to the products designed by
most of the major players including Itron, Silver Spring and GridPoint. Although the current security initiatives and elected officials
have good intentions, they have missed the window of opportunity to truly integrate security from the beginning by several years.
Similar to the credit card industry, banking, health care, and most other industries that conduct business online, the next electrical
infrastructure will need to feature security as an add-on that is applied after the Smart Grid is implemented. 

Recently discovered vulnerabilities in smart
meters have been identified that could allow an attacker to obtain complete control of the meters. Specifically, an attacker could
exploit these vulnerabilities to turn off electricity to hundreds of thousands of homes. Thus, an attacker could execute a wide-scale
Denial of Service ( DoS ) attack against homes and businesses. 

The Advantage
of Our Technology  

By entering the market without the burden of legacy products and technology, Infrax is able to focus
on future technologies and will be poised to provide advanced solutions for companies that are yet to deploy AMI and harden previously
installed networks and devices.  

While the current use of RF technology is inherently
less reliable, Infrax is focused on using highly encrypted data over secure tunnels using a variety of communications medium including
WiFi, Cellular or other public communication media. Infrax's secure smart grid platform incorporates a communications transport
known as GridMesh , and a device and data security management tool known as GRiM. Secure management of the  last mile 
backhaul is necessary for utilities to implement Smart Grid applications such as AMI, and substation and distribution automation. 

We believe that our Secure Intelligent Energy
Platform will give us a competitive advantage in the emerging and evolving Smart Grid environment. By utilizing our solution, Utilities
can secure their networks and prolong the lifecycle of previously deployed components by eliminating the security concerns that
would necessitate replacement. 

Infrax Strategy  

We intend to generate revenues from the design,
sales, installation, and support of the hardware, software and technology, associated with our integrated solution, Infrax Secure
Intelligent Energy Platform (SIEP)  . Additionally, revenues may be generated from licensing our Security, GRiM and, Infrax
Networks wireless communications and future products. 

Our Product Portfolio  

(a)        
  SNIC   

Over the last several quarters, Infrax has
been developing the company s flagship product - Secure Network Interface Card (SNIC) for electric meters. While the initial
focus will be to develop the card for one of the largest meter manufactures in the world, the final objective is to have a universal
card that can be used in any meter in the world. The wireless part of the first prototype has been completed and successfully tested.
With the development and improvements continuing, we will have a complete working prototype by the end of this summer. Although
details of the card cannot be disclosed for obvious reasons, our emphasis has been to address the security of the data to and from
a meter as well as to provide a robust communication platform that can be used not only for meter data but also in Distribution
Automation projects such as capacitor bank and volt/var controllers. The Company believes that the SNIC along with newly created
Professional Services division will hasten the deployment of all Smart Grid technology for resource constrained small and mid-sized
utilities.   

(b)        
  SPIDer   Secure Perimeter Intrusion Detection   

Building on our expertise in network and physical
security platforms, the company has introduced the first active and secure intrusion detection network. The SPIDer Network initial
offering is directed to the electrical energy company concerns with copper and material theft and its related impact to safety
and homeland security. Infrax Systems is committed to change the present paradigm in the electric utility industry as to how physical
and data security processes are deployed to protect electrical substations, remote critical infrastructure facilities, communications
networks, advanced distributed controls and intelligent meter networks. Copper theft and its potential threat to safety and homeland
security has been estimated by the Department of Energy and other sources as approaching a Billion dollar cost annually in the
US alone. Attacks on critical infrastructure such as electric and water resources can cause wide scale economic devastation which
would greatly amplify these costs. Most of these assets have little to no security or intrusion detection and what little exists
is forensic in nature as it helps to identify what happens but does not detect the threat at the moment it occurs. Infrax Systems 
vision is based on a trusted network of intelligent devices which detect intrusion at any level and quickly determines friend or
foe thus taking action when necessary to secure critical infrastructure and intelligent property. 

Infrax Systems has recently started a marketing
campaign for the SPIDer product line. Currently we have demonstrated the basic SPIDer system to three utilities and are scheduled
for another two demonstrations. Five additional utilities have expressed interest in the product. Most are for the image based
level although one has shown initial interest in the first level coaxial based system. One customer utility has requested a proposal
for a complete network linking 12 facilities. Initial projections indicate a strong market and revenue. Revenues are expected to
grow logarithmically as utilities finish their pilot stages and budget for next year. 

(c)        
  Professional Services   

 Infrax Systems has introduced a new division
which provides engineering and professional services to its energy customers. This division is charged with packaging Infrax Systems
products into engineered solutions that are marketed to their customers. Professional services provides engineering, construction
and project managements services to the smaller utilities such as local municipalities, Rural Electric Cooperatives and Investor
Owned Utilities who may not have the manpower or expertise to accomplish their goals. By leveraging our over 100 years of combined
experience in the electric utility and telecommunications industries, Infrax Systems is well placed in an industry which is becoming
the newest high tech phenomenon. The Smart Grid vision relies on vast networks of intelligent devices which sources in the Data
and Enterprise Network industry indicate will surpass by several orders of magnitude of any know data network of today. Even a
relatively small utility will have upwards of a million devices operating on thousands of individual domains. These networks not
only will control instant and real time power flow but will also be the cash register for the Utility industry. Security, scalability
and authenticity as well as day to day maintainability are the utmost concerns in providing an intelligent power grid that is safe
and secure. Infrax Systems will be a leader in designing, building and securing these networks and solutions. 

Initial marketing campaigns have been targeting
the municipalities and Electrical Cooperatives. Currently we have responded to one major RFP for Capacitor Bank networks and Smart
Grid infrastructure worth in excess of 1.5 million dollars. We are also working on a pilot project for our AMI product with the
availability of the SNIC, with a major utility. If the pilot project is accepted and successful, we may be asked to provide AMI
to all their customers. The revenue from such project, for only one utility, will be overwhelmingly substantial. We are also in
the process of negotiations for a contract to provide customer engineer expertise for a fiber optic construction project and we
have installed several radios for one of our initial customers. We have started to communicate with few utilities in Florida to
become qualified bidders for the coming projects. We will continue this process with utilities all along the east coast of USA. 

Our Market  

INFRAX market opportunity exists in one of
the largest industries in the world. Globally, according to the International Energy Agency (IEA), this industry is expected to
spend close to $10 trillion dollars by 2030 to upgrade electrical infrastructure. Technology innovations in power delivery have
been fermenting for years, but only now is the confluence of physical need and social expectations creating an environment in which
real and sustained monetary commitments are being made to create a  Smart Grid  built on information-based devices,
digital communication and advanced analytics. Networking giant Cisco has estimated that the market for smart grid communications
will grow into a $20 billion-a-year opportunity as the infrastructure is built out over the next five years. Researchers at Specialists
in Business Information (SBI) forecast the market will grow to $17 billion-per-year by 2014 from today s $6 billion. Globally,
SBI expects the market for smart grid technologies to grow to about $171 by 2014 up from approximately $70 billion in 2009. 

Name Changes  

None. 

Changes in Management  

None. 

Critical Accounting Policies   

Our significant accounting policies are more
fully described in the notes to the financial statements. However, certain accounting policies are particularly important to the
portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management;
as a result they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. In applying these policies, our management uses its judgment
to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based on knowledge
of our industry, historical operations, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry and information available
from other outside sources, as appropriate. 

Our critical accounting policies include  : 

Principals of Consolidation  -The consolidated
        financial statements include the accounts and operations of the Infrax Systems, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiary Infrax Systems
        SA (Pty) Ltd. (collectively referred to as the  Company ).  Accordingly, the assets and liabilities, and
        expenses of this company have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, and intercompany transactions
        have been eliminated. 

Revenue Recognition -    The
        Company is principally in the business of providing solutions for a secure intelligent energy platform that incorporates our secure
        wireless technology. Contracts include multiple revenue components, comprised of our software licensing, hardware platforms, installation,
        training and maintenance.  In accordance with ASC 605-25 Multiple-Element Arrangements, revenue from licensing the software
        will be recognized upon installation and acceptance of the software by customers.  When a software sales arrangement
        includes rights to customer support, the portion of the license fee allocated to such support is recognized ratably over the term
        of the arrangement, normally one year.  Revenue from professional services arrangements will be recognized in the month
        in which services are rendered over the term of the arrangement. 
          
        Revenue associated with software sales to distributors is recognized, net of discounts, when the Company has performed substantially
        all its obligations under the arrangement.  Until such time as substantially all obligations under the arrangement are
        met, software sales are recognized as deferred revenue.  Costs and expenses associated with deferred revenue are also
        deferred.  When a software sales arrangements include a commitment to provide training and/or other services or materials,
        the Company estimates and records the expected costs of these training and/or other services and/or materials.   

Long-Lived Assets  - We depreciate property and equipment and amortize intangible assets, including software development costs over the respective assets  estimated useful life and periodically review the remaining useful lives of our assets to ascertain that our estimate is still valid. If we determine a useful life has materially changed, we either change the useful life or write the asset down or if we determine the asset has exhausted its useful life, we write the asset off completely.   

Capitalized Software Development Costs  - We capitalize software development costs incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility and amortize them over the estimated lives of the related products. We discontinue capitalization of software when the software product is available to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed. Amortization of software costs begins when the developed product is available for sale to our customers. We amortize our software development costs over the estimated economic life and estimated number of units of the product to be sold.   

Stock Based Compensation  -   We recognize stock-based compensation expense net of an estimated forfeiture rate and therefore only recognize compensation cost for those shares expected to vest over the service period of the award.  Calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the option grant, stock price volatility, and the pre-vesting option forfeiture rate.  We estimate the expected life of options granted based on historical exercise patterns.  We estimate stock price volatility based on historical implied volatility in our stock.  In addition, we are required to estimate the expected volatility rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest.  We estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical experience of our stock-based awards that are granted, exercised or cancelled.   

Recent Accounting Pronouncement   

We have reviewed accounting pronouncements
and interpretations thereof that have effectiveness dates during the periods reported and in future periods. The Company has considered
the new pronouncements that alter previous generally accepted accounting principles and does not believe that any new or modified
principles will have a material impact on the corporation s reported financial position or operations in the near term.  The
applicability of any standard is subject to the formal review of our financial management and certain standards are under consideration.  Those
standards have been addressed in the notes to the unaudited financial statement and in our Annual Report, filed on Form 10-K for
the period ended June 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements :  

We do not participate in transactions that generate relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as special purpose entities or variable interest entities, which have
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other limited purposes. 

Subsequent Events :   

N/A 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 :  

Discontinued Operations   

The Company is reporting the results of operations
of Lockwood Technology Corporation as discontinued operations for the three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

In June of 2015, The Company sold all of its
70% ownership interest of Lockwood to a related party. Consequently, during the three months ended September 30, 2016, there are
no results of operations. 

Continuing Operations   

During the three month period ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 we had no sales. 

 Amortization and depreciation
expense was $14,567 for the three Months Ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $334,835 for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2015. 

  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

As of September 30, 2016, we had approximately
$63 in cash with which to satisfy our cash requirements for the next twelve months, along with approximately $650,000 remaining
on the line of credit from Mr. Talari to pay normal operating expenses, while we attempt to secure other sources of financing.  

Since the inception of our Master Note Agreement,
Mr. Talari has continued to advance funds to us as needed. Mr. Talari remains committed to continue funding the Company and has
regularly converted amounts outstanding and accrued interest, under the note agreement, to our common stock, in order to have money
available.  At September 30, 2016, we owe Mr. Talari $352,345 on the master promissory note plus accrued interest.  
Mr. Talari has pledged funding for operating capital, up to $1,000,000, under the same terms as the original Master Note. 

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

We are a Smaller Reporting Company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

Item 4.   
       Controls and Procedures    

Disclosure controls and procedures:   As
of September 30, 2016, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officers. Disclosure controls and procedures are defined in Exchange Act
Rule 15d 15(e) as  controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a  et seq. ) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission's rules and forms and include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that
it files or submits under the Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive
and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.   Based on our evaluation, our President/Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that, as of September 30, 2016, such disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Changes in internal control over financial
reporting:  Based upon an evaluation by our management of our internal control over financial reporting, with the participation
of our principal executive and principal financial officers, there were no changes made in our internal 

control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect this control. 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal
Control:  Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial
reporting will necessarily prevent all fraud and material errors. An internal control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met.  Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations on all internal control systems, no evaluation of
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected.  These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion
of two or more people, and/or by management override of the control. The design of any system of internal control is also
based in part upon certain assumptions about risks and the likelihood of future events, and there is no assurance that any design
will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because
of ---changes in circumstances and the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.  Because
of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective internal control system, financial reporting misstatements due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected on a timely basis. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1   
       Legal Proceedings.    
 
 None. 

Item 1A   
       Risk Factors.    

There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously
disclosed in our Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015 filed on October 14, 2015 with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. 

Item 2   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

None 

Item 3   
            Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

Not applicable. 

Item 4   
            Mine Safety Disclosures   .   

Not applicable 

Item 5   
        Other Information.    

None 

Item 6   
       Exhibits    

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant cause this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Infrax Systems, Inc.   

(Registrant)   

Date: 11/21/16  
      By:   /s/  John Verghese    

John Verghese   

Principal Executive Officer 

Date:  11/21/16  
      By:   /s/ Sam Talari    

Sam Talari   

Principal Financial   Accounting Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Sam Talari, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form
10-Q of Infrax Systems, Inc. for the first quarter ended September 30, 2016; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.  Designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Sam Talari 

 Sam Talari, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Sam Talari, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
of Infrax Systems, Inc., for the first quarter ended September 30, 2016; 

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a.  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b.  Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c.  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d.  Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the
registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a.  All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b.  Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Sam Talari 

 Sam Talari, Acting Principal Financial Officer and 

 Acting Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Infrax Systems, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sam Talari, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Sam Talari 

 Sam Talari, 

 Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Infrax Systems, Inc.
(the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the first quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Sam Talari, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2001, that: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Sam Talari 

 Sam Talari, Principal Financial Officer and 

 Principal Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-32.2>

