<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_914748_0000914748-16-000046_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13872449</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>108960</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>1074187</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5680693</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5213018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1489446</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>68</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000914748-16-000046.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114153821
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000914748-16-000046
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000914748
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				223263609
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-71652
		FILM NUMBER:		161994378

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MARTINSVILLE RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 830
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9086043000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		477 MARTINSVILLE RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 830
		CITY:			LIBERTY CORNER
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07938

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRUDENTIAL REINSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000914748-16-000046.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 holdings10q3q2016.htm
 HOLDINGS 10-Q 3Q 2016

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-Q

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d)

OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

22-3263609

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

477 Martinsville Road

Post Office Box 830

Liberty Corner, New Jersey 07938-0830

(908) 604-3000

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code,

of registrant's principal executive office)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

YES

X

NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).

YES

X

NO

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.  See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

Non-accelerated filer

X

Smaller reporting company

(Do not check if smaller reporting company)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

YES

NO

X

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date.

The Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H (1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this form with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction H of Form 10-Q.

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

Table of Contents

Form 10-Q

Page 

PART I

FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.

Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and

December 31, 2015

1

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the

three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

2

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity for the three and nine

months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

3

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended

September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)

4

Notes to Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)

5

Item 2.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and

Results of Operation

28

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

44

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

44

PART II

OTHER INFORMATION 

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

1

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

2 

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF

CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY

3 

EVEREST REINSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

4 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED)

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015

1.     GENERAL 

As used in this document, "Holdings" means Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc., a Delaware company and direct subsidiary of Everest Underwriting Group (Ireland) Limited ("Holdings Ireland"); "Group" means Everest Re Group, Ltd. (Holdings Ireland's parent); "Bermuda Re" means Everest Reinsurance (Bermuda), Ltd., a subsidiary of Group; "Everest Re" means Everest Reinsurance Company and its subsidiaries, a subsidiary of Holdings (unless the context otherwise requires) and the "Company" means Holdings and its subsidiaries.

During the third quarter of 2016, the Company established domestic subsidiaries, Everest Premier Insurance Company ("Everest Premier") and Everest Denali Insurance Company ("Everest Denali"), which will be used in the continued expansion of the Insurance operations.

Effective August 24, 2016, the Company sold its wholly-owned subsidiary, Heartland Crop Insurance Company ("Heartland"), a managing agent for crop insurance, to CGB Diversified Services, Inc. ("CGB"). The operating results of Heartland for the period owned are included within the Company's financial statements.

Effective July 13, 2015, the Company sold all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of a wholly-owned subsidiary entity, Mt. McKinley Insurance Company ("Mt. McKinley"), to Clearwater Insurance Company. The operating results of Mt. McKinley for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 are included within the Company's financial statements.

2.     BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals, which, in the opinion of management, are necessary for a fair statement of the results on an interim basis.  Certain financial information, which is normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"), has been omitted since it is not required for interim reporting purposes. The December 31, 2015 consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP.  The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are not necessarily indicative of the results for a full year.  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 included in the Company's most recent Form 10-K filing.

All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Certain reclassifications and format changes have been made to prior years' amounts to conform to the 2016 presentation.

Application of Recently Issued Accounting Standard Changes. 

Disclosures about Short-Duration Contracts.  In May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-09, authoritative guidance regarding required disclosures associated with short duration insurance contracts.  The new disclosure requirements focus on information about initial claim estimates and subsequent claim estimate adjustment, methodologies in estimating claims and the timing, frequency and severity of claims related to short duration insurance contracts. This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016.  Therefore, the initial presentation of this guidance in the Company's financial statements and footnotes will be for its 10-K filing as of December 31, 2016. The Company does not anticipate that it will have a significant impact on its financial statements.

5 

Debt Issuance Costs.  In April 2015, The FASB issued ASU 2015 03, authoritative guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs.  This guidance requires that debt issuance costs be presented within the balance sheet as a reduction of the carrying value of the debt liability, rather than as a separate asset.  This guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015 and related interim reporting periods.  Based upon this guidance, the Company has adjusted prior financial statements and footnotes to conform with this new presentation.

Consolidation.  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, authoritative guidance regarding consolidation of reporting entities.  The new guidance focuses on the required evaluation of whether certain legal entities should be consolidated.  This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company has determined that the guidance will not have a significant impact on its financial statements.

3.  INVESTMENTS

The amortized cost, market value and gross unrealized appreciation and depreciation of available for sale, fixed maturity, equity security investments, carried at market value and other-than-temporary impairments ("OTTI") in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") are as follows for the periods indicated:

(a)    Represents the amount of OTTI recognized in AOCI.  Amount includes unrealized gains and losses on impaired securities relating to changes in the value of such securities subsequent to the impairment measurement date. 

6

The amortized cost and market value of fixed maturity securities are shown in the following table by contractual maturity. Mortgage-backed securities are generally more likely to be prepaid than other fixed maturity securities. As the stated maturity of such securities may not be indicative of actual maturities, the totals for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities are shown separately.

The changes in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) for the Company's investments are derived from the following sources for the periods as indicated:

The Company frequently reviews all of its fixed maturity, available for sale securities for declines in market value and focuses its attention on securities whose fair value has fallen below 80% of their amortized cost at the time of review.  The Company then assesses whether the decline in value is temporary or other-than-temporary.  In making its assessment, the Company evaluates the current market and interest rate environment as well as specific issuer information.  Generally, a change in a security's value caused by a change in the market, interest rate or foreign exchange environment does not constitute an other-than-temporary impairment, but rather a temporary decline in market value.  Temporary declines in market value are recorded as unrealized losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  If the Company determines that the decline is other-than-temporary and the Company does not have the intent to sell the security; and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis, the carrying value of the investment is written down to fair value.  The fair value adjustment that is credit or foreign exchange related is recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) in the Company's consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The fair value adjustment that is non-credit related is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, and is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company's consolidated balance sheets.  The Company's assessments are based on the issuers current and expected future financial position, timeliness with respect to interest and/or principal payments, speed of repayments and any applicable credit enhancements or breakeven constant default rates on mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, as well as relevant information provided by rating agencies, investment advisors and analysts.

7 

Retrospective adjustments are employed to recalculate the values of asset-backed securities. All of the Company's asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities have a pass-through structure. Each acquisition lot is reviewed to recalculate the effective yield. The recalculated effective yield is used to derive a book value as if the new yield were applied at the time of acquisition. Outstanding principal factors from the time of acquisition to the adjustment date are used to calculate the prepayment history for all applicable securities. Conditional prepayment rates, computed with life to date factor histories and weighted average maturities, are used in the calculation of projected prepayments for pass-through security types.

The tables below display the aggregate market value and gross unrealized depreciation of fixed maturity and equity securities, by security type and contractual maturity, in each case subdivided according to length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the periods indicated:

The aggregate market value and gross unrealized losses related to investments in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 were $887,350 thousand and $26,474 thousand, respectively.  The market value of securities for the single issuer whose securities comprised the largest unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016, did not exceed 0.9% of the overall market value of the Company's fixed maturity securities.  In addition, as indicated on the above table, there was no significant concentration of unrealized losses in any one market sector.  The $5,872 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than one year were primarily comprised of domestic and foreign corporate securities.  The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to net unrealized foreign exchange losses, $5,564 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies.  The $20,602 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for more than one year related primarily to domestic and foreign

8 

corporate securities and foreign government securities.  The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to net unrealized foreign exchange losses, $19,030 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies.  The Company did not have any sub-prime or alt-A loans with gross unrealized depreciation at September 30, 2016.  In all instances, there were no projected cash flow shortfalls to recover the full book value of the investments and the related interest obligations.  The mortgage-backed securities still have excess credit coverage and are current on interest and principal payments.

The Company, given the size of its investment portfolio and capital position, does not have the intent to sell these securities; and it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell the security before recovery of its cost basis.  In addition, all securities currently in an unrealized loss position are current with respect to principal and interest payments.

The tables below display the aggregate market value and gross unrealized depreciation of fixed maturity and equity securities, by security type and contractual maturity, in each case subdivided according to length of time that individual securities had been in a continuous unrealized loss position for the periods indicated:

The aggregate market value and gross unrealized losses related to investments in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015 were $2,571,006 thousand and $100,332 thousand, respectively.  The market value of securities for the single issuer whose securities comprised the largest unrealized loss position at December 31, 2015, did not exceed 0.07% of the overall market value of the Company's fixed maturity securities.  In addition, as indicated on the above table, there was no significant concentration of unrealized losses in any one market sector.  The $62,697 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than one year were primarily comprised of domestic and foreign corporate securities, agency residential mortgage-backed securities and

9 

foreign government securities.  The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to unrealized losses in the energy sector, $35,978 thousand, as falling oil prices disrupted the market values for this sector, particularly for oil exploration, production and servicing companies and unrealized foreign exchange losses, $6,090 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies. The $37,635 thousand of unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for more than one year related primarily to domestic and foreign corporate securities, foreign government securities and agency residential mortgage-backed securities. The majority of these unrealized losses are attributable to unrealized foreign exchange losses, $14,807 thousand, as the U.S. dollar has strengthened against other currencies and unrealized losses in the energy sector, $6,959 thousand, as falling oil prices disrupted the market values for this sector, particularly for oil exploration, production and servicing companies. The Company did not have any sub-prime or alt-A loans with gross unrealized depreciation at December 31, 2015.  In all instances, there were no projected cash flow shortfalls to recover the full book value of the investments and the related interest obligations.  The mortgage-backed securities still have excess credit coverage and are current on interest and principal payments.

Other invested assets, at fair value, as of September 30, 2016, and December 31, 2015, were comprised of preferred shares held in Everest Preferred International Holdings ("Preferred Holdings"), an affiliated company.

The components of net investment income are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

The Company records results from limited partnership investments on the equity method of accounting with changes in value reported through net investment income. Due to the timing of receiving financial information from these partnerships, the results are generally reported on a one month or quarter lag.  If the Company determines there has been a significant decline in value of a limited partnership during this lag period, a loss will be recorded in the period in which the Company identifies the decline.

The Company had contractual commitments to invest up to an additional $279,126 thousand in limited partnerships at September 30, 2016.  These commitments will be funded when called in accordance with the partnership agreements, which have investment periods that expire, unless extended, through 2020.

10 

The components of net realized capital gains (losses) are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

The Company recorded as net realized capital gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) both fair value re-measurements and write-downs in the value of securities deemed to be impaired on an other-than-temporary basis as displayed in the table above.  The Company had no other-than-temporary impaired securities where the impairment had both a credit and non-credit component.

The proceeds and split between gross gains and losses, from sales of fixed maturity and equity securities, are presented in the table below for the periods indicated:

4.  FAIR VALUE

GAAP guidance regarding fair value measurements address how companies should measure fair value when they are required to use fair value measures for recognition or disclosure purposes under GAAP and provides a common definition of fair value to be used throughout GAAP.  It defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly fashion between market participants at the measurement date.  In addition, it establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for the disclosure of fair value measurements.  The valuation hierarchy is based on the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability.  The level in the hierarchy within which a given fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the measurement, with Level 1 being the highest priority and Level 3 being the lowest priority.

11 

The levels in the hierarchy are defined as follows:

Level 1: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are observable inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in an active market;

Level 2: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument;

Level 3: 
 
 Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.

The Company's fixed maturity and equity securities are primarily managed by third party investment asset managers.  The investment asset managers obtain prices from nationally recognized pricing services.   These services seek to utilize market data and observations in their evaluation process.  They use pricing applications that vary by asset class and incorporate available market information and when fixed maturity securities do not trade on a daily basis the services will apply available information through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing.  In addition, they use model processes, such as the Option Adjusted Spread model to develop prepayment and interest rate scenarios for securities that have prepayment features.

In limited instances where prices are not provided by pricing services or in rare instances when a manager may not agree with the pricing service, price quotes on a non-binding basis are obtained from investment brokers.  The investment asset managers do not make any changes to prices received from either the pricing services or the investment brokers.  In addition, the investment asset managers have procedures in place to review the reasonableness of the prices from the service providers and may request verification of the prices.  In addition, the Company continually performs analytical reviews of price changes and tests the prices on a random basis to an independent pricing source.   No material variances were noted during these price validation procedures.  In limited situations, where financial markets are inactive or illiquid, the Company may use its own assumptions about future cash flows and risk-adjusted discount rates to determine fair value.  Due to the unavailability of prices for twenty eight private placement securities, the Company valued the twenty eight securities at $59,289 thousand at September 30, 2016.  Due to the unavailability of prices for two private placement securities, the Company valued the two securities at $3,593 thousand at December 31, 2015.

The Company internally manages a small public equity portfolio which had a fair value at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 of $135,958 thousand and $131,219 thousand, respectively, and all prices were obtained from publically published sources.

Equity securities denominated in U.S. currency with quoted prices in active markets for identical assets are categorized as level 1 since the quoted prices are directly observable.  Equity securities traded on foreign exchanges are categorized as level 2 due to the added input of a foreign exchange conversion rate to determine fair or market value.  The Company uses foreign currency exchange rates published by nationally recognized sources.

All categories of fixed maturity securities listed in the tables below are generally categorized as level 2, since a particular security may not have traded but the pricing services are able to use valuation models with observable market inputs such as interest rate yield curves and prices for similar fixed maturity securities in terms of issuer, maturity and seniority.  For foreign government securities and foreign corporate securities, the fair values provided by the third party pricing services in local currencies, and where applicable, are converted to U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates from nationally recognized sources.

12 

The fixed maturities with fair values categorized as level 3 result when prices are not available from the nationally recognized pricing services.  The asset managers will then obtain non-binding price quotes for the securities from brokers. The single broker quotes are provided by market makers or broker-dealers who are recognized as market participants in the markets in which they are providing the quotes.  The prices received from brokers are reviewed for reasonableness by the third party asset managers and the Company.  If the broker quotes are for foreign denominated securities, the quotes are converted to U.S. dollars using currency exchange rates from nationally recognized sources. In limited circumstances when broker prices are not available for private placements, the Company will value the securities using comparable market information.

The composition and valuation inputs for the presented fixed maturities categories are as follows:

U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S. government agencies and corporations are primarily comprised of U.S. Treasury bonds and the fair value is based on observable market inputs such as quoted prices, reported trades, quoted prices for similar issuances or benchmark yields;

Obligations of U.S. states and political subdivisions are comprised of state and municipal bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities, benchmark yields and credit spreads;

Corporate securities are primarily comprised of U.S. corporate and public utility bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities, benchmark yields and credit spreads;

Asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities fair values are based on observable inputs such as quoted prices, reported trades, quoted prices for similar issuances or benchmark yields and cash flow models using observable inputs such as prepayment speeds, collateral performance and default spreads;

Foreign government securities are comprised of global non-U.S. sovereign bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities and models with observable inputs such as benchmark yields and credit spreads and then, where applicable, converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate from a nationally recognized source;

Foreign corporate securities are comprised of global non-U.S. corporate bond issuances and the fair values are based on observable market inputs such as quoted market prices, quoted prices for similar securities and models with observable inputs such as benchmark yields and credit spreads and then, where applicable, converted to U.S. dollars using an exchange rate from a nationally recognized source.

Other invested assets, at fair value, was categorized as Level 3 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, since it represented a privately placed convertible preferred stock issued by an affiliate.  The stock was received in exchange for shares of the Company's parent, which were valued on a public securities exchange on December 21, 2015.  The fair value of the preferred stock at September 30, 2016 was determined using a pricing model and at December 31, 2015 represented the original exchange value.

13 

The following table presents the fair value measurement levels for all assets, which the Company has recorded at fair value (fair and market value) as of the period indicated:

There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.

14 

The following table presents the fair value measurement levels for all assets, which the Company has recorded at fair value (fair and market value) as of the period indicated:

The following table presents the activity under Level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs by asset type, for the periods indicated:

15 

The net transfers to/(from) level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs were $1,621 thousand and ($6,878) thousand of investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The $1,621 thousand relates to the net impact of securities no longer priced by a recognized pricing service.  The ($6,878) thousand primarily related to securities that were priced using single non-binding broker quotes as of December 31, 2014.  The securities were subsequently priced using a recognized pricing service as of September 30, 2015, and were classified as level 2 as of that date.

The following table presents the activity under Level 3, fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs by other invested assets, for the periods indicated:

5.  CONTINGENCIES

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in lawsuits, arbitrations and other formal and informal dispute resolution procedures, the outcomes of which will determine the Company's rights and obligations under insurance and reinsurance agreements.  In some disputes, the Company seeks to enforce its rights under an agreement or to collect funds owing to it.  In other matters, the Company is resisting attempts by others to collect funds or enforce alleged rights.  These disputes arise from time to time and are ultimately resolved through both informal and formal means, including negotiated resolution, arbitration and litigation.  In all such matters, the Company believes that its positions are legally and commercially reasonable.  The Company considers the statuses of these proceedings when determining its reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses.

16 

Aside from litigation and arbitrations related to these insurance and reinsurance agreements, the Company is not a party to any other material litigation or arbitration.

The Company has entered into separate annuity agreements with The Prudential Insurance of America ("The Prudential") and an additional unaffiliated life insurance company in which the Company has either purchased annuity contracts or become the assignee of annuity proceeds that are meant to settle claim payment obligations in the future. In both instances, the Company would become contingently liable if either

The Prudential or the unaffiliated life insurance company were unable to make payments related to the respective annuity contact.

The table below presents the estimated cost to replace all such annuities for which the Company was contingently liable for the periods indicated:

6.  OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

The following table presents the components of comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated:

17

The following table presents details of the amounts reclassified from AOCI for the periods indicated:

The following table presents the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, in the consolidated balance sheets for the periods indicated:

7.  REINSURANCE AND TRUST AGREEMENTS

A subsidiary of the Company, Everest Re, has established a trust agreement, which effectively uses Everest Re's investments as collateral, as security for assumed losses payable to a non-affiliated ceding company.  At September 30, 2016, the total amount on deposit in the trust account was $349,867 thousand.

On April 24, 2014, the Company entered into two collateralized reinsurance agreements with Kilimanjaro Re Limited ("Kilimanjaro"), a Bermuda based special purpose reinsurer, to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  These agreements are multi-year reinsurance contracts which cover specified named storm and earthquake events.  The first agreement provides up to $250,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms in specified states of the Southeastern United States.  The second agreement provides up to $200,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms in specified states of the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the United States and Puerto Rico as well as reinsurance coverage from earthquakes in specified states of the Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and West regions of the United States, Puerto Rico and British Columbia.

18 

On November 18, 2014, the Company entered into a collateralized reinsurance agreement with Kilimanjaro Re to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  This agreement is a multi-year reinsurance contract which covers specified earthquake events.  The agreement provides up to $500,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.

On December 1, 2015 the Company entered into two collateralized reinsurance agreements with Kilimanjaro Re to provide the Company with catastrophe reinsurance coverage.  These agreements are multi-year reinsurance contracts which cover named storm and earthquake events.  The first agreement provides up to $300,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms and earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.  The second agreement provides up to $325,000 thousand of reinsurance coverage from named storms and earthquakes in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada.

Kilimanjaro has financed the various property catastrophe reinsurance coverage by issuing catastrophe bonds to unrelated, external investors. On April 24, 2014, Kilimanjaro issued $450,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2014-1 Notes").  On November 18, 2014, Kilimanjaro issued $500,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2014-2 Notes"). On December 1, 2015, Kilimanjaro issued $625,000 thousand of notes ("Series 2015-1 Notes).  The proceeds from the issuance of the Series 2014-1 Notes, the Series 2014-2 Notes and the Series 2015-1 Notes are held in reinsurance trust throughout the duration of the applicable reinsurance agreements and invested solely in US government money market funds with a rating of at least "AAAm" by Standard   Poor's.

8.  SENIOR NOTES

The table below displays Holdings' outstanding senior notes.  Market value is based on quoted market prices, but due to limited trading activity, these senior notes are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

On June 5, 2014, Holdings issued $400,000 thousand of 30 year senior notes at 4.868%, which will mature on June 1, 2044. Interest will be paid semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 of each year.

Interest expense incurred in connection with these senior notes is as follows for the periods indicated:

9.  LONG TERM SUBORDINATED NOTES

The table below displays Holdings' outstanding fixed to floating rate long term subordinated notes.  Market value is based on quoted market prices, but due to limited trading activity, these subordinated notes are considered Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

19 

During the fixed rate interest period from May 3, 2007 through May 14, 2017, interest will be at the annual rate of 6.6%, payable semi-annually in arrears on November 15 and May 15 of each year, commencing on November 15, 2007, subject to Holdings' right to defer interest on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive years.  During the floating rate interest period from May 15, 2017 through maturity, interest will be based on the 3 month LIBOR plus 238.5 basis points, reset quarterly, payable quarterly in arrears on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year, subject to Holdings' right to defer interest on one or more occasions for up to ten consecutive years.  Deferred interest will accumulate interest at the applicable rate compounded semi-annually for periods prior to May 15, 2017, and compounded quarterly for periods from and including May 15, 2017.

Holdings can redeem the long term subordinated notes prior to May 15, 2017, in whole but not in part at the applicable redemption price, which will equal the greater of (a) 100% of the principal amount being redeemed and (b) the present value of the principal payment on May 15, 2017 and scheduled payments of interest that would have accrued from the redemption date to May 15, 2017 on the long term subordinated notes being redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis at a discount rate equal to the treasury rate plus an applicable spread of either 0.25% or 0.50%, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest.  Holdings may redeem the long term subordinated notes on or after May 15, 2017, in whole or in part at 100% of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest; however, redemption on or after the scheduled maturity date and prior to May 1, 2047 is subject to a replacement capital covenant.  This covenant is for the benefit of certain senior note holders and it mandates that Holdings receive proceeds from the sale of another subordinated debt issue, of at least similar size, before it may redeem the subordinated notes.  Effective upon the maturity of the Company's 5.40% senior notes on October 15, 2014, the Company's 4.868% senior notes, due on June 1, 2044, have become the Company's long term indebtedness that ranks senior to the long term subordinated notes.

On March 19, 2009, Group announced the commencement of a cash tender offer for any and all of the 6.60% fixed to floating rate long term subordinated notes.  Upon expiration of the tender offer, the Company had reduced its outstanding debt by $161,441 thousand.

Interest expense incurred in connection with these long term subordinated notes is as follows for the periods indicated:

10.  SEGMENT REPORTING

The U.S. Reinsurance operation writes property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business, including Marine, Aviation, Surety and Accident and Health ("A H") business, on both a treaty and facultative basis, through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies primarily within the U.S.  The International operation writes non-U.S. property and casualty reinsurance through Everest Re's branches in Canada, Singapore and through offices in Brazil, Miami and New Jersey.  The Insurance operation writes property and casualty insurance directly and through general agents, brokers and surplus lines brokers mainly within the U.S.

These segments are managed independently, but conform with corporate guidelines with respect to pricing, risk management, control of aggregate catastrophe exposures, capital, investments and support operations.  Management generally monitors and evaluates the financial performance of these operating segments based upon their underwriting results.

20 

Underwriting results include earned premium less losses and LAE incurred, commission and brokerage expenses and other underwriting expenses.  Underwriting results are measured using ratios, in particular loss, commission and brokerage and other underwriting expense ratios, which, respectively, divide incurred losses, commissions and brokerage and other underwriting expenses by premiums earned.

The Company does not maintain separate balance sheet data for its operating segments.  Accordingly, the Company does not review and evaluate the financial results of its operating segments based upon balance sheet data.

The following tables present the underwriting results for the operating segments for the periods indicated:

21 

The following table reconciles the underwriting results for the operating segments to income (loss) before taxes as reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the periods indicated:

The Company produces business in the U.S. and internationally.  The net income deriving from assets residing in the individual foreign countries in which the Company writes business are not identifiable in the Company's financial records.  Based on gross written premium, the table below presents the largest country, other than the U.S., in which the Company writes business, for the periods indicated:

No other country represented more than 5% of the Company's revenues.

11.  RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parent 

Group entered into a $250,000 thousand long term promissory note agreement with Holdings as of December 31, 2014.  The note will mature on December 31, 2023 and has an interest rate of 1.72% that will be paid annually, on December 15 th  of each year. This transaction is presented as a Note Receivable   Affiliated in the Consolidated Balance Sheets of Holdings.  Interest income in the amount of $3,225 thousand and $3,225 thousand was recorded by Holdings for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and September 30, 2015, respectively.

Group's Board of Directors approved an amended share repurchase program authorizing Group and/or its subsidiary Holdings to purchase Group's common shares through open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions or both.   The table below represents the amendments to the share repurchase program for the common shares approved for repurchase. 

Through December, 2015, Holdings had purchased and held 9,719,971 Common Shares of Group, which were purchased in the open market between February 2007 and March 2011.

22 

In December, 2015, Holdings transferred the 9,719,971 Common Shares of Group, which it held as other invested assets, at fair value, valued at $1,773,214 thousand, to Preferred Holdings, an affiliated entity and subsidiary of Group, in exchange for 1,773.214 preferred shares of Preferred Holdings with a $1,000 thousand par value and 1.75% annual dividend rate.  After the exchange, Holdings no longer holds any shares or has any ownership interest in Group.

Holdings reported both its Parent Shares and preferred shares in Preferred Holdings, as other invested assets, fair value, in the consolidated balance sheets with changes in fair value re-measurement recorded in net realized capital gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss).  The following table presents the dividends received on the preferred shares of preferred Holdings and on the Parent shares that are reported as net investment income in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the period indicated.

Affiliated Companies 

Everest Global Services, Inc. ("Global Services"), an affiliate of Holdings, provides centralized management and home office services, through a management agreement, to Holdings and other affiliated companies within Holdings' consolidated structure.  Services provided by Everest Global include executive managerial services, legal services, actuarial services, accounting services, information technology services and others.

The following table presents the expenses incurred by Holdings from services provided by Everest Global for the periods indicated.

23 

Affiliates 

The table below represents affiliated quota share reinsurance agreements ("whole account quota share") for all new and renewal business for the indicated coverage period:

(1)

The single occurance limit is applied before the loss cessions to either Bermuda Re or Everest International.  

(2)

The aggregate limit is applied before the loss cessions to either Bermuda Re or Everest International.  

(3)

Amounts shown are Canadian dollars.  

24 

The table below represents loss portfolio transfer reinsurance agreements whereby net insurance exposures and reserves were transferred to an affiliate.

On July 13, 2015, the Company sold Mt. McKinley to Clearwater Insurance Company, a Delaware domiciled insurance company. As of that date, Mt. McKinley is no longer deemed an affiliated company or related party.

The following tables summarize the premiums and losses ceded by the Company to Bermuda Re and Everest International, respectively, and premiums and losses assumed by the Company from Everest Canada and Lloyd's syndicate 2786 for the periods indicated:

(a)   Ceded losses and LAE include the Mt. McKinley loss portfolio transfer that constitutes losses ceded under retroactive reinsurance and therefore, in accordance with FASB guidance, amortization of deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance is reflected in other income on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Upon the sale of Mt. McKinley, the value of the remaining deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance was included in the calculation of the realized gain on sale of subsidiary. 

Everest Re sold net assets of its UK branch to Bermuda Re and provided Bermuda Re with a reserve indemnity agreement allowing for indemnity payments of up to 90% of  25.0 million of the excess of 2002 and prior reserves, provided that any recognition of profit from the reserves for 2002 and prior underwriting years is taken into account.

25 

Effective February 27, 2013, Group established a new subsidiary, Mt. Logan Re, which is a Class 3 insurer based in Bermuda.  Effective July 1, 2013, Mt. Logan Re established separate segregated accounts for its business activity, which will invest in a diversified set of catastrophe exposures.

The following table summarizes the premiums and losses that are ceded by the Company to Mt. Logan Re segregated accounts and assumed by the Company from Mt. Logan Re segregated accounts.

12.     RETIREMENT BENEFITS 

The Company maintains both qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans and a retiree health plan for its U.S. employees employed prior to April 1, 2010.

Net periodic benefit cost for U.S. employees included the following components for the periods indicated:

The Company contributed $30,000 thousand to the qualified pension benefit plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  The Company did not make any contributions to the qualified pension benefit plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.

26 

13.     INCOME TAXES 

The Company is domiciled in the United States and has subsidiaries domiciled within the United States with significant branches in Canada and Singapore.  The Company's non-U.S. branches are subject to income taxation at varying rates in their respective domiciles.

For interim reporting periods, the company is generally required to use the annualized effective tax rate ("AETR") method, as prescribed by ASC 740-270, Interim Reporting, to calculate its income tax provision.  Under this method, the AETR is applied to the interim year-to-date pre-tax income to determine the income tax expense or benefit for the year-to-date period.  The income tax expense or benefit for a quarter represents the difference between the year-to-date income tax expense or benefit for the current year-to-date period less such amount for the immediately preceding year-to-date period.  Management considers the impact of all known events in its estimation of the Company's annual pre-tax income and AETR.

14.  DISPOSITION

The Company sold Heartland, its crop Managing General Agent to CGB for $49,000 thousand.  The sale agreement includes a provision for a long term strategic reinsurance relationship with CGB.  The Company has recognized an after-tax loss on the sale of Heartland of $12,942 thousand.  Under the terms of the reinsurance arrangement, there will not be a material fluctuation in the level of crop business, although it will be reflected as reinsurance rather than insurance.

15.  SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

The Company has evaluated known recognized and non-recognized subsequent events.  During the early part of October, Hurricane Matthew impacted the Caribbean and the southeastern United States.  Based upon current early overall industry loss projections of $3 billion to $9 billion and applying the Company's estimated market share, the Company's best estimated range of loss from this event is $25,000 thousand to $75,000 thousand.  The Company does not have any other subsequent events to report.

27

ITEM 2.     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Industry Conditions.

The worldwide reinsurance and insurance businesses are highly competitive, as well as cyclical by product and market.  As such, financial results tend to fluctuate with periods of constrained availability, higher rates and stronger profits followed by periods of abundant capacity, lower rates and constrained profitability.  Competition in the types of reinsurance and insurance business that we underwrite is based on many factors, including the perceived overall financial strength of the reinsurer or insurer, ratings of the reinsurer or insurer by A.M. Best and/or Standard   Poor's, underwriting expertise, the jurisdictions where the reinsurer or insurer is licensed or otherwise authorized, capacity and coverages offered, premiums charged, other terms and conditions of the reinsurance and insurance business offered, services offered, speed of claims payment and reputation and experience in lines written.  Furthermore, the market impact from these competitive factors related to reinsurance and insurance is generally not consistent across lines of business, domestic and international geographical areas and distribution channels.

We compete in the U.S. and international reinsurance and insurance markets with numerous global competitors.  Our competitors include independent reinsurance and insurance companies, subsidiaries or affiliates of established worldwide insurance companies, reinsurance departments of certain insurance companies, domestic and international underwriting operations, including underwriting syndicates at Lloyd's of London and certain government sponsored risk transfer vehicles.  Some of these competitors have greater financial resources than we do and have established long term and continuing business relationships, which can be a significant competitive advantage.  In addition, the lack of strong barriers to entry into the reinsurance business and recently, the securitization of reinsurance and insurance risks through capital markets provide additional sources of potential reinsurance and insurance capacity and competition.

Worldwide insurance and reinsurance market conditions continued to be very competitive, particularly in the property catastrophe and casualty reinsurance lines of business.  Generally, there was ample insurance and reinsurance capacity relative to demand, as well as, additional capital from the capital markets through insurance linked financial instruments.  These financial instruments such as side cars, catastrophe bonds and collateralized reinsurance funds, provide capital markets with access to insurance and reinsurance risk exposure. The capital markets demand for these products is being primarily driven by the current low interest environment and the desire to achieve greater risk diversification and potentially higher returns on their investments.  This increased competition is generally having a negative impact on rates, terms and conditions; however, the impact varies widely by market and coverage.

Rates tend to fluctuate by specific region and products, particularly areas recently impacted by large catastrophic events.  Although there have been flooding and wind storm events and earthquakes in parts of the world, the overall 2013, 2014 and 2015 catastrophe losses for the industry were considerably lower than average.  During the first half of 2016, there has been an increase in catastrophes, such as the Fort McMurray Canadian wildfire, storms and an earthquake in Ecuador; however, the aggregate of these losses are below historical levels of catastrophe losses.  This lower level of losses, combined with increased competition has resulted in downward pressure on insurance and reinsurance rates in certain geographical areas.  During the first part of October, Hurricane Matthew affected a large area of the Caribbean and southeastern United States.  While the future impact on market conditions from this storm cannot be determined at this time, it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the overall markets, but may impact affected areas.

During 2015, we initiated a strategic build out of our insurance platform through the investment in key leadership hires which in turn has brought significant underwriting talent and stronger direction in achieving our insurance program strategic goals of increased volume and improved underwriting results.  Recent growth is coming from highly diversified areas including newly launched lines of business, as well as, product and geographic expansion in existing lines of business.  We are building a world-class insurance platform capable of offering products across lines and geographies, complementing our leading global reinsurance franchise.

28 

Overall, we believe that given our size, strong ratings, distribution system, reputation, expertise and capital market vehicle activity the current marketplace conditions provide profit opportunities.  We continue to employ our strategy of targeting business that offers the greatest profit potential, while maintaining balance and diversification in our overall portfolio.

Financial Summary.

We monitor and evaluate our overall performance based upon financial results.  The following table displays a summary of the consolidated net income (loss), ratios and stockholder's equity for the periods indicated:

Revenues.

Premiums.    Gross written premiums increased by 3.9% to $1,505.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,448.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting, a $25.0 million, or 5.3%, increase in our insurance business, and a $32.3 million, or 3.3%, increase in our reinsurance business.  The rise in insurance premiums was primarily due to increases in most lines of business, as we have focused on expanding the insurance operations.  The increase in reinsurance premiums was mainly due to increases in treaty and facultative casualty business.  These increases were partially offset by lower premiums in treaty property business and a higher negative impact of $6.7 million from the year over year movement in foreign exchange rates.  Gross written premiums

29 

increased to $3,813.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $3,764.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, reflecting a $146.5 million, or 13.0%, increase in our insurance business, partially offset by a $97.8 million, or 3.7%, decrease in our reinsurance business.  The rise in insurance premiums was primarily due to increases in most lines of business, as we have focused on expanding the insurance operations.  The decline in reinsurance premiums was mainly due to a decrease in treaty property business, a decline in international premiums related to quota share agreements and a negative impact of $39.1 million from the year over year movement in foreign exchange rates.

Net written premiums increased by 3.9% to $622.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $599.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 3.3% to $1,527.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,580.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The quarter over quarter change is consistent with the change in gross written premiums, with some fluctuation for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to higher utilization reinsurance for new insurance business and quota share agreements.  Premiums earned increased by 1.9% to $556.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $546.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 3.8% to $1,527.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,588.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Net Investment Income.     Net investment income increased by 1.9% to $64.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net investment income of $63.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 4.8% to $196.9 million for nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared with net investment income of $206.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period was primarily due to higher income from our limited partnerships, partially offset by lower reinvestment rates for the fixed income portfolios. The decline in income and yield for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior period was primarily the result of lower reinvestment rates for the fixed income portfolios. 

Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses).   Net realized capital losses were $ 50.1  million and $121.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   The net realized capital losses of $50.1 million were comprised of  $ 30.9  million of losses from fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets, net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $0.8 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by $ 9.6  million of gains from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities.   The $121.7 million was comprised of  $ 185.6  million of losses from fair value re-measurements on equity securities and other invested assets, $ 20.3  million of losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities and $10.5 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by a $94.7 million gain on the sale of a subsidiary.

Net realized capital losses were $ 87.3  million and $49.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015, respectively.  The net realized capital losses of $87.3 million were comprised of  net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary, $25.2 million of other-than-temporary impairment,   $ 22.4  million of losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities and $11.7 million of losses from fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets.  The $49.2 million was comprised of  $56.1 million of losses from fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets, $ 44.3  million of losses from sales on our fixed maturity and equity securities and $43.4 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by a $94.7 million gain on the sale of a subsidiary.

Other Income (Expense).    We recorded other expense of $ 13.2  million and $ 10.8  million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  We recorded other income of $ 10.8  million and $ 39.0  million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  The changes were primarily the result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates for the corresponding periods.

30 

Claims and Expenses.

Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses.    The following tables present our incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses ("LAE") for the periods indicated.

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 18.7% to $301.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $370.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $50.7 million, as the 2015 attritional loss ratio reflected a $21.6 million loss estimate for the explosions at the Chinese Port of Tianjin, $18.9 million of more favorable development on prior years' catastrophe losses and a $3.2 million decrease in prior years attritional losses, partially offset by a $3.7 million increase in current year catastrophe losses.  The $19.8 million favorable loss development for prior years' catastrophes for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($12.5 million) and the 2013 U.S. storms ($6.0 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $20.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were related to Hurricane Hermine ($6.8 million), U.S. Storms ($6.6 million), the Fort McMurray Canada Wildfire ($5.0 million), the Taiwan earthquake ($2.3 million) and the Ecuador earthquake ($0.2 million). The current year catastrophe losses of $17.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($17.4 million).

31 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased slightly to $936.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,002.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $78.5 million and more favorable development on prior years' catastrophe losses of $29.0 million compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase of $42.3 million in current year catastrophe losses.  The $78.5 million decline in the current year attritional losses was primarily due to the $21.6 million attritional losses in 2015 related to the explosions at the Chinese Port of Tianjin and the 3.8% decline in premiums earned.  The $37.0 million of favorable prior years catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 related primarily to the 2011 Japanese earthquake ($15.5 million), the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($12.4 million), and the 2013 U.S. storms ($4.8 million).  The current year catastrophe losses of $77.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were related to the Fort McMurray Canada Wildfire ($26.9 million), the 2016 U.S. Storms ($24.9 million), the Ecuador earthquake ($11.6 million), the 2016 Taiwan earthquake ($7.5 million) and Hurricane Hermine ($6.8 million). The current year catastrophe losses of $35.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 primarily related to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($17.4 million), Northern Chile storms ($9.8 million) and the New South Wales storms ($8.0 million).

Commission, Brokerage, Taxes and Fees.    Commission, brokerage, taxes and fees in creased by 18.6% to $85.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to  $72.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  Commission, brokerage, taxes and fees decreased by 6.3% to $226.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $241.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  These variances were primarily due to the impact of the changes in premiums earned and changes in the mix of business. 

Other Underwriting Expenses.     Other underwriting expenses were $64.1 million and $57.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Other underwriting expenses were $181.7 million and $157.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increases in other underwriting expenses were mainly due to costs incurred related to the expansion of the insurance operations. 

Corporate Expenses.     Corporate expenses, which are general operating expenses that are not allocated to segments, were $1.8 million and $1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $6.2 million and $5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increases in corporate expenses were mainly due to increased compensation and benefit expenses. 

Interest, Fees and Bond Issue Cost Amortization Expense.     Interest, fees and other bond amortization expense was $8.9 million for three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  Interest, fees and other bond amortization expense was $26.6 million for nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Income Tax Expense (Benefit).     Income tax expense was $21.1 million  and income tax benefits were $7.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Income tax expense was $67.0 million  and $107.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  I ncome tax expense is primarily a function of the geographic location of the Company's pre-tax income and the statutory tax rates in those jurisdictions, as affected by tax-exempt investment income.  Variations in the income tax expense generally result from changes in the relative levels of pre-tax income, including the impact of catastrophe losses and net capital gains (losses), among jurisdictions with different tax rates.  The increase in income tax expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015 were mainly due to the decrease in losses incurred and lower capital losses.

Net Income (Loss).

Our net income was $74.8 million and our net loss was $4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  Our net income was $182.1 million and $245.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The changes were primarily driven by the financial component fluctuations explained above.

32 

Ratios.

Our combined ratio decreased by 10.4 points to 81.1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 91.5% for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and decreased by 0.2 points to 88.0% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to 88.2% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The loss ratio component decreased by 13.7 points and 1.8 points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, over the same period last year.  The change for the three month period was mainly due to lower current year attritional losses and favorable prior year development on catastrophe losses in 2016 compared to 2015.  The commission and brokerage ratio components increased 2.2 points and decreased 0.4 points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to the prior period due mainly to changes in the mix of business and the impact of affiliated quota share agreements.  The other underwriting expense ratio components increased 1.1 points and 2.0 points for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, over the same period last year mainly due to the increased focus on the expansion of the insurance business.

Stockholder's Equity.

Stockholders' equity increased by $309.7 million to $5,241.0 million  at September 30, 2016  from $4,931.2 million at December 31, 2015, principally as a result of $182.1 million of net income, $85.8 million of net unrealized appreciation on investments, net of tax, $27.8 million of net foreign currency translation adjustments, $10.2 million of share-based compensation transactions and $3.9 million of net benefit plan obligation adjustments.

Consolidated Investment Results

Net Investment Income.

Net investment income increased 1.9% to $64.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $63.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in limited partnership income, partially offset by lower reinvestment rates for the fixed income portfolios.  Net investment income decreased by 4.8% to $196.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $206.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to a decline in income from fixed maturities, reflective of lower reinvestment rates.

The following table shows the components of net investment income for the periods indicated:

33 

The following tables show a comparison of various investment yields for the periods indicated:

Net Realized Capital Gains (Losses).

The following table presents the composition of our net realized capital gains (losses) for the periods indicated:

34 

Net realized capital losses were $50.1 million and $121.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $30.9 million of net realized capital losses due to fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets, net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary and $0.8 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by $9.6 million of net realized capital gains from sales of fixed maturity.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded $185.6 million of net realized capital losses due to fair value re-measurements on equity securities and other invested assets, $20.3 million of net realized capital losses from sales of fixed maturity and equity securities and $10.5 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by a $94.7 million gain on the sale of a subsidiary.  The fixed maturity and equity sales for both periods related primarily to adjusting the portfolios for overall market changes and individual credit shifts.

Net realized capital losses were $87.3 million and $49.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  and 2015, respectively.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net realized capital losses of $28.0 million from the sale of our Heartland subsidiary, $25.2 million of other-than-temporary impairments, $22.4 million of net realized capital losses from sales of fixed maturity and equity securities and $11.7 million of net realized capital losses due to fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded $56.1 million of net realized capital losses due to fair value re-measurements on fixed maturity securities, equity securities and other invested assets, $44.3 million of net realized capital losses from sales of fixed maturity and equity securities and $43.4 million of other-than-temporary impairments, partially offset by a $94.7 million gain on the sale of a subsidiary.  The fixed maturity and equity sales for both periods related primarily to adjusting the portfolios for overall market changes and individual credit shifts.

Segment Results.

The U.S. Reinsurance operation writes property and casualty reinsurance and specialty lines of business, including Marine, Aviation, Surety and A H business, on both a treaty and facultative basis, through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies primarily within the U.S.  The International operation writes non-U.S. property and casualty reinsurance through Everest Re's branches in Canada, Singapore and through offices in Brazil, Miami and New Jersey.  The Insurance operation writes property and casualty insurance directly and through general agents, brokers and surplus lines brokers mainly within the U.S.

These segments are managed independently, but conform with corporate guidelines with respect to pricing, risk management, control of aggregate catastrophe exposures, capital, investments and support operations.  Management generally monitors and evaluates the financial performance of these operating segments based upon their underwriting results.

Underwriting results include earned premium less losses and LAE incurred, commission and brokerage expenses and other underwriting expenses.  We measure our underwriting results using ratios, in particular loss, commission and brokerage and other underwriting expense ratios, which respectively, divide incurred losses, commissions and brokerage and other underwriting expenses by premiums earned.

Our loss and LAE reserves are management's best estimate of our ultimate liability for unpaid claims.  We re-evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis, including all prior period reserves, taking into consideration all available information and, in particular, recently reported loss claim experience and trends related to prior periods.  Such re-evaluations are recorded in incurred losses in the period in which the re-evaluation is made.

35 

The following discusses the underwriting results for each of our segments for the periods indicated:

U.S. Reinsurance.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the U.S. Reinsurance segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums increased by 8.8% to $654.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  from $601.6 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to an increase in treaty casualty business.  Net written premiums increased by 32.3% to $327.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $247.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the assumption of the crop business due to the sale of Heartland and a concurrent new crop reinsurance contract.  Premiums earned increased 5.9% to $249.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $235.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums decreased by 1.1% to $1,597.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  from $1,615.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in treaty property business, partially offset by an increase in treaty casualty business.  Net written premiums increased by 5.8% to $711.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $672.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the crop transaction described above.  Premiums earned decreased 2.3% to $709.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $726.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

36 

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the U.S. Reinsurance segment for the periods indicated.

Incurred losses increased 25.8% to $137.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $109.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a $21.7 million increase in current year attritional losses, related to the impact of the increase in premiums earned, and an increase of $14.3 million on current year catastrophe losses.  This increase was partially offset by higher favorable development of $5.4 million on prior years' catastrophe losses, mainly related to the 2013 U.S. storms.   The current year catastrophe losses of $14.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were related to Hurricane Hermine ($6.8 million), U.S. Storms ($6.3 million) and the Fort McMurray Canada Wildfire ($1.3 million).  The $0.1 million of current year catastrophe losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were due to the New South Wales storms.

Incurred losses increased by 7.9% to $363.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $337.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a $16.2 million impact from year over year lower favorable development on prior years attritional losses and an increase of $15.7 million in current year catastrophe losses.  These increases were partially offset by more favorable development of $9.6 million on prior years' catastrophe losses.  The current year catastrophe losses of $15.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were related to Hurricane Hermine ($6.8 million) and U.S. Storms ($9.6 million).   The $0.1 million of current year catastrophe losses for the

37 

nine months ended September 30, 2015 were due to the New South Wales storms.  The $16.1 million of prior years' catastrophes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 mainly related to the 2011 Japan earthquake.

Segment Expenses.    Commission and brokerage decreased by 1.6% to $48.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $48.9 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Commission and brokerage increased by 4.2% to $148.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $141.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The increases were mainly due to the impact from affiliated quota share agreements and changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $14.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  from $13.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015.   Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $39.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  from $37.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increases were primarily due to the impact of changes in the mix of business and higher compensation costs. 

International.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the International segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums decreased by 5.6% to $353.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $374.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decline in Middle East business and the negative impact of approximately $6.2 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates.  Net written premiums decreased by 4.5% to $141.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $148.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which is consistent with the change in gross written premiums .  Premiums earned decreased 5.0% to $128.4 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $135.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums decreased by 7.8% to $939.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $1,019.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to declines in Latin American, Middle East and Asian business and the negative impact of approximately $38.1 million from the movement of foreign exchange rates.  Net written premiums decreased by 15.3% to $353.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $417.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to varying utilization of reinsurance related to the quota share contracts.  Premiums earned decreased 14.0% to $372.8 million  for the nine months ended 

38 

September 30, 2016  compared to $433.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is primarily the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the International segment for the periods indicated.

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 67.4% to $41.8 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $128.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $61.7 million, mainly related to lower Latin American and Asian losses in 2016 and $14.9 million of losses from the explosion at the Chinese port of Tianjin in 2015, a decrease of $10.5 million in current year catastrophe losses and $13.4 million of more favorable development in prior years catastrophe losses.   The current year catastrophe losses of $6.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 were related to the Fort McMurray Canada Wildfire ($3.7 million), the Taiwan earthquake ($2.3 million) U.S. Storms ($0.3 million) and the Ecuador earthquake ($0.2 million).  The $17.0 million of current year catastrophe losses for the three months ended September 30, 2015 were entirely related to the 2015 Chilean earthquake.  The $14.0 million of favorable development of prior years' catastrophe losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 related primarily to the 2015 Chilean earthquake.

39 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 39.2% to $206.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $339.9 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , primarily due to a decrease in current year attritional losses of $119.3 million, related to lower Latin American and Asian losses in 2016 and $14.9 million of losses from the explosion at the Chinese Port of Tianjin in 2015, more favorable development of prior year catastrophe losses of $19.1 million and the impact of the decrease in premiums earned, partially offset by an increase of $10.1 million in current year catastrophe losses.  The $45.2 million of current year catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were due to the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($25.4 million), the Ecuador earthquake ($11.8 million), the Taiwan earthquake ($7.6 million) and  U.S. Storms ($0.3 million) . The $35.1 million of current year catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were due to the 2015 Chilean earthquake ($17.4 million), Northern Chile storms ($9.8 million) and the New South Wales storms ($7.9 million). The 2016 favorable development in prior years' catastrophe losses related primarily to the 2015 Chilean and 2011 Japanese earthquakes.

Segment Expenses.      Commission and brokerage increased 8.1% to $30.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $27.9 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  The quarter over quarter increase is due to higher contingent commission and the impact of quota share contracts.  Commission and brokerage decreased 11.5% to $82.4 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $93.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   The year over year decrease was mainly due to the impact of the decrease in premiums earned and changes in the mix of business.

Segment other underwriting expenses increased slightly to $9.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $9.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , and decreased slightly to $25.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $25.3 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

Insurance.

The following table presents the underwriting results and ratios for the Insurance segment for the periods indicated.

Premiums.      Gross written premiums increased by 5.3% to $498.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $473.0 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  This increase was primarily driven by increases in accident and health business and additional expansion of other insurance lines of business.  Net written premiums decreased by 24.4% to $154.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $203.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .   The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in net written premiums is primarily due to the transfer of the crop business to the U.S. Reinsurance segment as a result of the Heartland sale and entering into a new crop reinsurance contract.   Premiums earned increased 2.0% to $179.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $175.6 million  for the 

40 

three months ended September 30, 2015.  The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Gross written premiums increased by 13.0% to $1,276.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $1,130.2 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  This increase was primarily driven by increases in accident and health business and additional expansion of other insurance lines of business.  Net written premiums decreased by 5.6% to $462.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $490.1 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .  The difference between the change in gross written premiums compared to the change in the net written premiums is primarily due to the transfer of the crop business as described above.  Premiums earned increased 3.9% to $445.6 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $428.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 . The change in premiums earned relative to net written premiums is the result of timing; premiums are earned ratably over the coverage period whereas written premiums are recorded at the initiation of the coverage period.

Incurred Losses and LAE.      The following tables present the incurred losses and LAE for the Insurance segment for the periods indicated.

41 

Incurred losses and LAE decreased by 8.0% to $122.5 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $133.2 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 , mainly due to a decrease of $10.6 million in current year attritional losses, primarily due to a decline in the workers' compensation loss ratio.  There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 .

Incurred losses and LAE increased by 12.4% to $366.0 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $325.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 , mainly due to an increase of $36.4 million in current year attritional losses, primarily related to the impact of the increase in premiums earned and an increase of $16.7 million in current year catastrophe losses, partially offset by the impact from less unfavorable development of $12.3 million in prior years' attritional losses mainly related to runoff umbrella and construction liability business.  The $16.7 million of current year catastrophe losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were due to the U.S. storms ($15.0 million) and the Fort McMurray Canada wildfire ($1.7 million).  There were no current year catastrophe losses  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 .

Segment Expenses.      Commission and brokerage increased to $7.3 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $(4.7) million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 .  Commission and brokerage decreased to ($3.9) million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $6.5 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The fluctuations were mainly due to the impact from affiliated quota share agreements and changes in mix of business. 

Segment other underwriting expenses increased to $40.7 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $34.1 million  for the three months ended September 30, 2015 and  increased to $116.8 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2016  compared to $94.7 million  for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  The increases were primarily due to the impact of the increases in premiums earned and increased expenses due to the build out of our insurance platform. 

Market Sensitive Instruments.

The SEC's Financial Reporting Release #48 requires registrants to clarify and expand upon the existing financial statement disclosure requirements for derivative financial instruments, derivative commodity instruments and other financial instruments (collectively, "market sensitive instruments").  We do not generally enter into market sensitive instruments for trading purposes.

Our current investment strategy seeks to maximize after-tax income through a high quality, diversified, taxable and tax-preferenced fixed maturity portfolio, while maintaining an adequate level of liquidity.  Our mix of taxable and tax-preferenced investments is adjusted periodically, consistent with our current and projected operating results, market conditions and our tax position.  The fixed maturity securities in the investment portfolio are comprised of non-trading available for sale securities.  Additionally, we have invested in equity securities.

The overall investment strategy considers the scope of present and anticipated Company operations.  In particular, estimates of the financial impact resulting from non-investment asset and liability transactions, together with our capital structure and other factors, are used to develop a net liability analysis.  This analysis includes estimated payout characteristics for which our investments provide liquidity.  This analysis is considered in the development of specific investment strategies for asset allocation, duration and credit quality.  The change in overall market sensitive risk exposure principally reflects the asset changes that took place during the period.

Interest Rate Risk.    Our $9.8 billion investment portfolio, at September 30, 2016, is principally comprised of fixed maturity securities, which are generally subject to interest rate risk and some foreign currency exchange rate risk, and some equity securities, which are subject to price fluctuations and some foreign exchange rate risk.  The overall economic impact of the foreign exchange risks on the investment portfolio is partially mitigated by changes in the dollar value of foreign currency denominated liabilities and their associated income statement impact.

42 

Interest rate risk is the potential change in value of the fixed maturity securities portfolio, including short-term investments, from a change in market interest rates.  In a declining interest rate environment, it includes prepayment risk on the $835.0 million of mortgage-backed securities in the $6,018.9 million fixed maturity portfolio.  Prepayment risk results from potential accelerated principal payments that shorten the average life and thus the expected yield of the security.

The table below displays the potential impact of market value fluctuations and after-tax unrealized appreciation on our fixed maturity portfolio (including $188.4 million of short-term investments) for the period indicated based on upward and downward parallel and immediate 100 and 200 basis point shifts in interest rates.  For legal entities with a U.S. dollar functional currency, this modeling was performed on each security individually. To generate appropriate price estimates for mortgage-backed securities, changes in prepayment expectations under different interest rate environments were taken into account.  For legal entities with non-U.S. dollar functional currency, the effective duration of the involved portfolio of securities was used as a proxy for the market value change under the various interest rate change scenarios.

We had $8,306.4 million and $7,940.7 million of gross reserves for losses and LAE as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.  These amounts are recorded at their nominal value, as opposed to present value, which would reflect a discount adjustment to reflect the time value of money.  Since losses are paid out over a period of time, the present value of the reserves is less than the nominal value.  As interest rates rise, the present value of the reserves decreases and, conversely, as interest rates decline, the present value increases.  These movements are the opposite of the interest rate impacts on the fair value of investments.  While the difference between present value and nominal value is not reflected in our financial statements, our financial results will include investment income over time from the investment portfolio until the claims are paid.  Our loss and loss reserve obligations have an expected duration that is reasonably consistent with our fixed income portfolio.

Equity Risk.    Equity risk is the potential change in fair and/or market value of the common stock and preferred stock portfolios arising from changing prices.  Our equity investments consist of a diversified portfolio of individual securities.  The primary objective of the equity portfolio is to obtain greater total return relative to bonds over time through market appreciation and income.

The table below displays the impact on fair/market value and after-tax change in fair/market value of a 10% and 20% change in equity prices up and down for the periods indicated.

43 

Foreign Exchange Risk.    Foreign currency risk is the potential change in value, income and cash flow arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  Each of our non-U.S. ("foreign") operations maintains capital in the currency of the country of its geographic location consistent with local regulatory guidelines.  Each foreign operation may conduct business in its local currency, as well as the currency of other countries in which it operates.  The primary foreign currency exposures for these foreign operations are the Singapore and Canadian Dollars.  We mitigate foreign exchange exposure by generally matching the currency and duration of our assets to our corresponding operating liabilities.  In accordance with FASB guidance, the impact on the market value of available for sale fixed maturities due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, is reflected as part of other comprehensive income.  Conversely, the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in relation to functional currency, on other assets and liabilities is reflected through net income as a component of other income (expense).  In addition, we translate the assets, liabilities and income of non-U.S. dollar functional currency legal entities to the U.S. dollar.  This translation amount is reported as a component of other comprehensive income.

SAFE HARBOR DISCLOSURE

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws.  We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in the federal securities laws.  In some cases, these statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "may", "will", "should", "could", "anticipate", "estimate", "expect", "plan", "believe", "predict", "potential" and "intend".  Forward-looking statements contained in this report include information regarding our reserves for losses and LAE, the adequacy of our provision for uncollectible balances, estimates of our catastrophe exposure, the effects of catastrophic events on our financial statements and the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends.  Forward-looking statements only reflect our expectations and are not guarantees of performance.  These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions.  Actual events or results may differ materially from our expectations.  Important factors that could cause our actual events or results to be materially different from our expectations include those discussed under the caption ITEM 1A, "Risk Factors" in the Company's most recent 10-K filing. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ITEM 3.     QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Market Risk Instruments.   See "Market Sensitive Instruments" in PART I   ITEM 2.

ITEM 4.     CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")).  Based on their evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.  Our management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, also conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the quarter covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  Based on that evaluation, there has been no such change during the quarter covered by this report.

44 

PART II

ITEM 1.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is involved in lawsuits, arbitrations and other formal and informal dispute resolution procedures, the outcomes of which will determine the Company's rights and obligations under insurance and reinsurance agreements.  In some disputes, the Company seeks to enforce its rights under an agreement or to collect funds owing to it.  In other matters, the Company is resisting attempts by others to collect funds or enforce alleged rights.  These disputes arise from time to time and are ultimately resolved through both informal and formal means, including negotiated resolution, arbitration and litigation.  In all such matters, the Company believes that its positions are legally and commercially reasonable.  The Company considers the statuses of these proceedings when determining its reserves for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses.

Aside from litigation and arbitrations related to these insurance and reinsurance agreements, the Company is not a party to any other material litigation or arbitration.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

No material changes.

ITEM 2.              UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

None.

ITEM 3.    DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES

None.

ITEM 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

ITEM 5.    OTHER INFORMATION

None.

45 

ITEM 6.      EXHIBITS 

Exhibit Index:

Exhibit No. 

Description 

31.1

Section 302 Certification of Dominic J. Addesso

31.2

Section 302 Certification of Craig Howie

32.1

Section 906 Certification of Dominic J. Addesso and Craig Howie

101.INS

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

101.CAL

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

101.DEF

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

101.LAB

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase

101.PRE

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

46 

Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc.

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc.

(Registrant)

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

(Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial Officer)

Dated:  November 14, 2016

<EX-31.1>
 2
 addessoex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Dominic J. Addesso, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

November 14, 2016

/S/ DOMINIC J. ADDESSO 

Dominic J. Addesso

Chairman, President and

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 howieex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATIONS

I, Craig Howie, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc.;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

November 14, 2016

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE 

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 holdingsex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Everest Reinsurance Holdings, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (the "Company"), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), the undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as enacted by section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

November 14, 2016

/S/ DOMINIC J. ADDESSO

Dominic J. Addesso

President and

Chief Executive Officer

/S/ CRAIG HOWIE

Craig Howie

Executive Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32.1>

10-Q
 5
 holdings10q3q2016.pdf
 HOLDINGS 10-Q 3Q 2016 PDF

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik000014748-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik000014748-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik000014748-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik000014748-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik000014748-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik000014748-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

