<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161219_10-Q_edgar_data_1537511_0001144204-16-140314_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4994596</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133285</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>313515</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1218877</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2224642</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1012610</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>53</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-140314.hdr.sgml : 20161219
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161219172154
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-140314
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161219

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROGRESSIVE GREEN SOLUTIONS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001537511
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				453539010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37457
		FILM NUMBER:		162059710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 COUNTY ROAD 101, SUITE E
		CITY:			YAPHANK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11980
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(631) 775-8920

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		445 COUNTY ROAD 101, SUITE E
		CITY:			YAPHANK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11980

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MARKETINGMOBILETEXT, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111216

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-140314.txt : 20161219

10-Q
 1
 v453445_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

x  
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the interim period ended:  September 30,
2016  

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period from ___________ to____________ 

Commission File Number:  000-55549  

PROGRESSIVE GREEN SOLUTIONS, INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Nevada   
       45-3539010    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

(631) 775-8920  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes    x  
 No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files. Yes    x  
 No       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes       
 No    x  

As of December 19,
2016 there were 48,400,851 shares outstanding of the Registrant s common stock issued and outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
       Financial Statements.   
      F-1   

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
      3   

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
      6   

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures.   
      6   

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings.   
      7   

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors.   
      7   

Item 2  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
      7   

Item 3  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
      7   

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
      7   

Item 5.  
       Other Information.   
     8  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits.   
     9  

Signatures   
       
     10  

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

Index to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements.  

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited
consolidated condensed financial statements.  

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to the unaudited consolidated
condensed financial statements.  

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

 September 30, 2016 and 2015 

 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

Note 1   Organization and Operations  

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc.   

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. (the  Company )
was incorporated on August 26, 2011, under the laws of the State of Nevada as MarketingMobileText, Inc. which subsequently changed
its corporate name to Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

On March 7, 2014, the Company acquired all
of the membership interests of Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC ( GRS LLC ) in exchange for 23,000,000 newly issued
post-split shares of the Company s common stock (the  Exchange ). In connection with the Exchange, the Company
adopted the business plan of GRS LLC, and amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc., effectuate a forward-split on a ten for one basis and increase its authorized capital stock to 300,000,000 shares of common
stock and 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. 

As a result of the controlling financial interest
of the former members of GRS LLC, for financial statement reporting purposes, the merger between the Company and GRS LLC has been
treated as a reverse acquisition with GRS LLC deemed the accounting acquirer and the Company deemed the accounting acquiree under
the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with section 805-10-55 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. The reverse
acquisition is deemed a capital transaction and the net assets of GRS LLC (the accounting acquirer) are carried forward to the
Company (the legal acquirer and the reporting entity) at their carrying value before the acquisition.  The acquisition
process utilizes the capital structure of the Company and the assets and liabilities of GRS LLC which are recorded at their historical
cost.  The equity of the Company is the historical equity of GRS LLC retroactively restated to reflect the number of
shares issued by the Company in the transaction. 

Green Remanufacturing Solutions, Inc.   

Green Remanufacturing Solutions, Inc. ( GRS
Inc. ) was incorporated on June 27, 2011, under the laws of the State of New York. GRS Inc. specialized in reverse logistics,
repair and recovery, engineering/quality assurance, warehousing and fulfillment, secondary market sales and e-commerce for retailers
and manufacturers of major appliances, small appliances, floor care products, air-conditioning/filtration products, power tools
and outdoor power equipment products. 

Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC   

Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC ( GRS
LLC ) was formed on May 31, 2012, under the laws of the State of Delaware. The sole purpose of GRS LLC was to carry-on GRS
Inc. s business in the form of a limited liability company. The assets and liabilities of GRS Inc. were carried forward to
GRS LLC at their historical costs on the date of conversion. On September 5, 2013 a Certificate of Merger was filed with the State
of New York Department of State, Division of Corporations, merging GRS Inc. and GRS LLC. 

Applianceplace.com, LLC   

Applianceplace.com, LLC was formed on November
29, 2012 under the laws of the State of New York and is 100% owned by the Company. 

Speyside Holdings LLC   

Speyside Holdings LLC was formed on March 25,
2015 under the laws of the State of Delaware. Speyside Holdings LLC is engaged in the fine and coarse aggregates business in Highland
Mills, New York. 

On September 12, 2016, the operating agreement of Speyside Holdings LLC was amended and restated. As a result of the amended
and restated operating agreement, the Company directly owns 60 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC. On October 12, 2016,
the operating agreement of Speyside Holdings LLC was again amended and restated and as result, the Company directly owns 51
Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC. 

CEM III LLC   

CEM III LLC ( CEM ) was formed
on July 13, 2015 under the laws of the State of New York. CEM s purpose is to take title and manage a
parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. 

On September 12, 2016, the operating agreement CEM III LLC was amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated
operating agreement, the Company indirectly owns 36 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. On October 12, 2016, the operating agreement
of and CEM III LLC was again amended and restated and as a result the Company indirectly owns 26 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. 

Speyside Holdings II LLC   

On September 21, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC
formed a wholly owned subsidiary named Speyside Holdings II LLC. Speyside Holdings II LLC is a New York limited liability company
whose purpose is to take title and to manage a parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. 

Note 2   Significant and Critical Accounting
Policies and Practices  

The Management of the Company is responsible
for the selection and use of appropriate accounting policies and the appropriateness of accounting policies and their application.
Critical accounting policies and practices are those that are both most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial
condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s significant and critical
accounting policies and practices are disclosed below as required by generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis of Presentation - Unaudited Interim
Financial Information   

The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) for interim financial information, and in accordance with the rules and regulations
of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) with respect to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for complete financial statements.
The unaudited interim consolidated financial statements furnished reflect all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals)
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary to a fair statement of the results for the interim periods presented. Interim
results are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. These unaudited interim consolidated financial statements
should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
notes thereto contained in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as filed
with the SEC on March 23, 2016. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions and
Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s). 

Critical accounting estimates are estimates
for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly
uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or
operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements
were: 

(i)     Assumption
                                         as a going concern  : Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going
                                         concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation
                                         of liabilities in the normal course of business;  

(ii)  
       Allowance for doubtful accounts  : Management s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on historical sales, historical loss levels, and an analysis of the collectability of individual accounts; and general economic conditions that may affect a client s ability to pay. The Company evaluated the key factors and assumptions used to develop the allowance in determining that it is reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole.   

(iii)  
       Inventory Obsolescence and Markdowns  : The Company s estimate of potentially excess and slow-moving inventories is based on evaluation of inventory levels and aging, review of inventory turns and historical sales experiences. The Company s estimate of reserve for inventory shrinkage is based on the historical results of physical inventory cycle counts.   

(iv)  
       Fair value of long-lived assets  : Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable. If long-lived assets are determined to be recoverable, but the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the net book values of the long-lived assets are depreciated over the newly determined remaining estimated useful lives. The Company considers the following to be some examples of important indicators that may trigger an impairment review: (A) significant under-performance or losses of assets relative to expected historical or projected future operating results; (B) significant changes in the manner or use of assets or in the Company s overall strategy with respect to the manner or use of the acquired assets or changes in the Company s overall business strategy; (C) significant negative industry or economic trends; (D) increased competitive pressures; (E) a significant decline in the Company s stock price for a sustained period of time; and (F) regulatory changes. The Company evaluates acquired assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of such events.   

(v)  
       Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets  : Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors.   

These significant accounting estimates or assumptions
bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates
or assumptions are difficult to measure or value. 

Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole
under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. 

Management regularly evaluates the key factors
and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical
experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly. 

Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The Company applies the guidance of Topic 810
 Consolidation  of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) to determine whether and how to consolidate
another entity. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-10 all majority-owned subsidiaries all entities in which a parent has
a controlling financial interest shall be consolidated except (1) when control does not rest with the parent, the majority
owner; (2) if the parent is a broker-dealer within the scope of Topic 940 and control is likely to be temporary; (3) consolidation
by an investment company within the scope of Topic 946 of a non-investment-company investee. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 810-10-15-8
the usual condition for a controlling financial interest is ownership of a majority voting interest, and, therefore, as a general
rule ownership by one reporting entity, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the outstanding voting shares of another
entity is a condition pointing toward consolidation. The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of ownership,
for example, by contract, lease, agreement with other stockholders, or by court decree. The Company consolidates all less-than-majority-owned
subsidiaries, if any, in which the parent s power to control exists. 

On September 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreement,
the Company directly owns 60 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 36 Class A Units in CEM III LLC as of September
30, 2016. 

On October 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreements,
the Company directly owns 51 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 26 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. 

The Company s consolidated subsidiaries
and/or entities are as follows as of December 19, 2016: 

The consolidated financial
statements include all accounts of the Company and consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities as of and for the reporting periods
then ended. 

All inter-company balances and transactions
have been eliminated. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments   

The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial
instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency and comparability in fair value measurements
and related disclosures, Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value into three (3) broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted)
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair
value hierarchy defined by Paragraph 820-10-35-37 are described below: 

Level
1   Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.  

Level
2   Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly
observable as of the reporting date.  

Level
3   Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data  

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when
their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one
significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives the highest
priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the
categorization is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amounts of the Company s
financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts receivable, prepayments and other current assets, accounts payable and
accrued expenses, advances from third party and deferred rent approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these
instruments. 

The Company s equipment loans approximate
the fair value of such instruments based upon management s best estimate of interest rates that would be available to the
Company for similar financial arrangements at December 31, 2015. 

Transactions involving related parties cannot
be presumed to be carried out on an arm s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings
may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions
were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm s-length transactions unless such representations can be
substantiated. 

Fair Value of Non-Financial Assets or
Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis   

The Company s non-financial assets include
inventories. The Company identifies potentially excess and slow-moving inventories by evaluating turn rates, inventory levels and
other factors. Excess quantities are identified through evaluation of inventory aging, review of inventory turns and historical
sales experiences. The Company provides lower of cost or market reserves for such identified excess and slow-moving inventories.
The Company establishes a reserve for inventory shrinkage, if any, based on the historical results of physical inventory cycle
counts. 

Cash Equivalents   

The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Doubtful Accounts   

Pursuant to FASB ASC paragraph 310-10-35-47
trade receivables that management has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future shall be reported in the balance
sheet at outstanding principal adjusted for any charge-offs and the allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company follows FASB ASC
paragraphs 310-10-35-7 through 310-10-35-10 to estimate the allowance for doubtful accounts. Pursuant to FASB ASC paragraph 310-10-
35-9 Losses from uncollectible receivables shall be accrued when both of the following conditions are met: (a) Information available
before the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued (as discussed in Section 855-10-25) indicates that it
is probable that an asset has been impaired at the date of the financial statements, and (b) The amount of the loss can be reasonably
estimated. Those conditions may be considered in relation to individual receivables or in relation to groups of similar types of
receivables. If the conditions are met, accrual shall be made even though the particular receivables that are uncollectible may
not be identifiable. The Company reviews individually each trade receivable for collectability and performs on-going credit evaluations
of its customers and adjusts credit limits based upon payment history and the customer s current credit worthiness, as determined
by the review of their current credit information; and determines the allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical write-off
experience, customer specific facts and general economic conditions that may affect a client s ability to pay. Bad debt expense
is included in general and administrative expenses, if any. 

Pursuant to FASB ASC paragraph 310-10-35-41
Credit losses for trade receivables (uncollectible trade receivables), which may be for all or part of a particular trade receivable,
shall be deducted from the allowance. The related trade receivable balance shall be charged off in the period in which the trade
receivables are deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of trade receivables previously charged off shall be recorded when received. The
Company charges off its trade account receivables against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the
potential for recovery is considered remote. 

The Company has a provision for
doubtful accounts of $161,177 as of September 30, 2016, which is based upon an analysis of the Company s prior collection
experience, customer creditworthiness and current economic trends. 

Inventory   

The Company values inventories, consisting
of raw materials, consumables, packaging material, finished goods, and purchased merchandise for resale, at the lower of cost or
market. Cost is determined on the first-in and first-out ( FIFO ) method for raw materials and packaging materials
and the weighted average cost method for finished goods. Cost of finished goods comprises direct labor, direct materials, direct
production cost and an allocated portion of production overhead. The Company reduces inventories for the diminution of value, resulting
from product obsolescence, damage or other issues affecting marketability, equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory
and its estimated market value. Factors utilized in the determination of estimated market value include (i) current sales data
and historical return rates; (ii) estimates of future demand; (iii) competitive pricing pressures; (iv) new product introductions;
(v) product expiration dates; and (vi) component and packaging obsolescence. The Company had no Inventory at September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015. 

Property and Equipment   

Property and equipment are recorded at cost.
Expenditures for major additions and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred.
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed by the straight-line method (after taking into account their respective
estimated residual values) over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets as follows: 

Estimated Useful  
 Life (Years)   

Leasehold improvement (*)  
       
      3-6   

Property and equipment  
       
      7-15   

Software  
       
      3   

Vehicles  
       
      7   

Management Agreement (^)  
       
      1.5   

(*) Amortized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the lease or the estimated useful lives, whichever is shorter. 

 (^) Amortized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the Management Agreement or its termination date, whichever is shorter. 

Upon sale or retirement, the related cost and
accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in the statements of operations. 

Carrying Value, Recoverability and Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets   

The Company has adopted Section 360-10-35 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for its long-lived assets. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 360-10-35-17 an impairment loss
shall be recognized only if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value.
The carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group). That assessment shall be based on the carrying
amount of the asset (asset group) at the date it is tested for recoverability. An impairment loss shall be measured as the amount
by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) exceeds its fair value. Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 360-10-35-20
if an impairment loss is recognized, the adjusted carrying amount of a long-lived asset shall be its new cost basis. For a depreciable
long-lived asset, the new cost basis shall be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining useful life of that asset. Restoration
of a previously recognized impairment loss is prohibited. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 360-10-35-21 the
Company s long-lived asset (asset group) is tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company considers the following to be some examples of such events or changes
in circumstances that may trigger an impairment review: (a) significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset (asset
group); (b) A significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset (asset group) is being used or in
its physical condition; (c) A significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value
of a long-lived asset (asset group), including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (d) An accumulation of costs significantly
in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of a long-lived asset (asset group); (e) A current-period
operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates
continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset (asset group); and (f) A current expectation that, more likely
than not, a long-lived asset (asset group) will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously
estimated useful life. The Company tests its long-lived assets for potential impairment indicators at least annually and more frequently
upon the occurrence of such events. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 360-10-35-29 through
35-36 Estimates of future cash flows used to test the recoverability of a long-lived asset (asset group) shall include only the
future cash flows (cash inflows less associated cash outflows) that are directly associated with and that are expected to arise
as a direct result of the use and eventual disposition of the asset (asset group). Estimates of future cash flows used to test
the recoverability of a long-lived asset (asset group) shall incorporate the entity s own assumptions about its use of the
asset (asset group) and shall consider all available evidence. The assumptions used in developing those estimates shall be reasonable
in relation to the assumptions used in developing other information used by the entity for comparable periods, such as internal
budgets and projections, accruals related to incentive compensation plans, or information communicated to others. However, if alternative
courses of action to recover the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (asset group) are under consideration or if a range is estimated
for the amount of possible future cash flows associated with the likely course of action, the likelihood of those possible outcomes
shall be considered. A probability-weighted approach may be useful in considering the likelihood of those possible outcomes. Estimates
of future cash flows used to test the recoverability of a long-lived asset (asset group) shall be made for the remaining useful
life of the asset (asset group) to the entity. For long-lived assets (asset groups) that have uncertainties both in timing and
amount, an expected present value technique will often be the appropriate technique with which to estimate fair value. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 360-10-45-4 and
360-10-45-5 an impairment loss recognized for a long-lived asset (asset group) to be held and used shall be included in income
from continuing operations before income taxes in the income statement of a business entity. If a subtotal such as income from
operations is presented, it shall include the amount of that loss. A gain or loss recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset
(disposal group) that is not a component of an entity shall be included in income from continuing operations before income taxes
in the income statement of a business entity. If a subtotal such as income from operations is presented, it shall include the amounts
of those gains or losses. 

Leases   

Lease agreements are evaluated to determine
whether they are capital leases or operating leases in accordance with paragraph 840-10-25-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
( Paragraph 840-10-25-1 ). Pursuant to Paragraph 840-10-25-1 A lessee and a lessor shall consider whether a lease meets
any of the following four criteria as part of classifying the lease at its inception under the guidance in the Lessees Subsection
of this Section (for the lessee) and the Lessors Subsection of this Section (for the lessor): a. Transfer of ownership. The lease
transfers ownership of the property to the lessee by the end of the lease term. This criterion is met in situations in which the
lease agreement provides for the transfer of title at or shortly after the end of the lease term in exchange for the payment of
a nominal fee, for example, the minimum required by statutory regulation to transfer title. b. Bargain purchase option. The lease
contains a bargain purchase option. c. Lease term. The lease term is equal to 75 percent or more of the estimated economic life
of the leased property. d. Minimum lease payments. The present value at the beginning of the lease term of the minimum lease payments,
excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance, maintenance, and taxes to be paid by the
lessor, including any profit thereon, equals or exceeds 90 percent of the excess of the fair value of the leased property to the
lessor at lease inception over any related investment tax credit retained by the lessor and expected to be realized by the lessor. 

In accordance with paragraphs 840-10-25-29
and 840-10-25-30, if at its inception a lease meets any of the four lease classification criteria in Paragraph 840-10-25-1, the
lease shall be classified by the lessee as a capital lease; and if none of the four criteria in Paragraph 840-10-25-1 are met,
the lease shall be classified by the lessee as an operating lease. Pursuant to Paragraph 840-10-25-31 a lessee shall compute the
present value of the minimum lease payments using the lessee s incremental borrowing rate unless both of the following conditions
are met, in which circumstance the lessee shall use the implicit rate: a. It is practicable for the lessee to learn the implicit
rate computed by the lessor. b. The implicit rate computed by the lessor is less than the lessee s incremental borrowing
rate. Capital lease assets are depreciated on a straight line method, over the capital lease assets estimated useful lives consistent
with the Company s normal depreciation policy for tangible fixed assets. Interest charges are expensed over the period of
the lease in relation to the carrying value of the capital lease obligation. 

Operating leases primarily relate to the Company s
leases of office spaces. When the terms of an operating lease include tenant improvement allowances, periods of free rent, rent
concessions, and/or rent escalation amounts, the Company establishes a deferred rent liability for the difference between the scheduled
rent payment and the straight-line rent expense recognized, which is amortized over the underlying lease term on a straight-line
basis as a reduction of rent expense. 

Related Parties   

The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties
include (a.) affiliates of the Company ( Affiliate  means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that,
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person,
as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act); (b.) entities for which investments in their
equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section
825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; (c.) trusts for the benefit of employees,
such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; (d.) principal owners of
the Company and members of their immediate families ; (e.) management of the Company and members of their immediate families ;;
(f.) other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating
policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
interests; and (g.) other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties
or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that
one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 850-10-50-1 and
50-5 financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements,
expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. The disclosures shall include: (a.) the nature
of the relationship(s) involved; (b.) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal
amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary
to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; (c.) the dollar amounts of transactions for
each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms
from that used in the preceding period; and (d.) amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented
and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement. Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to
be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations
about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms
equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. 

Commitments and Contingencies   

The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the
consolidated financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one
or more future events occur or fail to occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently
involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company
or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings
or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency indicates
that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potential
material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of
the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

Loss contingencies considered remote are generally
not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 

On December 8, 2016, the Company was served
with a Summons with Notice in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau.  The action, entitled Tynes v.
Progressive Green Solutions, Inc., names the Company, Eugene Fernandez, its President and Chairman, and several other unrelated
parties.  The Summons with Notice alleges, unspecific to which defendant, breach of agreements, breach of fiduciary duty,
gross negligence and general and securities fraud. The Summons and Notice, also unspecific as to which defendant, seeks relief
in an indeterminate amount not less than $500,000. The Company s time to appear in the action has not yet passed and it intends
to vigorously defend against the Action. 

Non-controlling Interest   

The Company follows paragraph 810-10-65-1 of
the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report the non-controlling interest in the consolidated balance sheets within the
equity section, separately from the Company s stockholders  equity. Non-controlling interest represents the non-controlling
interest holder s proportionate share of the equity of the Company s majority-owned subsidiary. Non-controlling interest
is adjusted for the non-controlling interest holder s proportionate share of the earnings or losses and other comprehensive
income (loss), if any, and the non-controlling interest continues to be attributed its share of losses even if that attribution
results in a deficit non-controlling interest balance. 

Revenue Recognition   

The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable
and earned. The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer; (iii)
the sales price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured. 

The Company derives its revenues from sales
contracts with customers with revenues being generated upon the completion of the reconditioning process and/or the shipment of
goods and merchandise. Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is demonstrated via sales invoice or contract; product delivery is
evidenced by warehouse shipping log as well as a signed bill of lading from the transport company and title transfers upon shipment;
the sales price to the customer is fixed upon acceptance of the signed purchase order or contract and there is no separate sales
rebate, discount, or volume incentive. When the Company recognizes revenue, no provisions are made for returns because, historically,
there have been very few sales returns and adjustments that have impacted the ultimate collection of revenues. 

Net sales of products represent the invoiced
value of goods, net of sales taxes. The Company is not subject to charge sales tax as the Company sells to wholesale distributors
and is thereby exempt from charging sales tax. Sales or Output sales tax is borne by customers in addition to the invoiced value
of sales and Purchase or Input sales tax is borne by the Company in addition to the invoiced value of purchases to the extent not
exempt due to the purpose of the acquisition. 

Shipping and Handling Costs   

The Company accounts for shipping and handling
fees in accordance with paragraph 605-45-45-19 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. While amounts charged to customers
for shipping products are included in revenues, the related costs are classified in cost of goods sold as incurred. 

Equity Instruments Issued to Parties
Other Than Employees for Acquiring Goods or Services   

The Company accounts for equity instruments
issued to parties other than employees for acquiring goods or services under the guidance of Sub-topic 505-50 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification ( Sub-topic 505-50 ). 

Pursuant to ASC paragraphs 505-50-25-6 and
505-50-25-7, a grantor shall recognize the goods acquired or services received in a share-based payment transaction when it obtains
the goods or as services are received. A grantor may need to recognize an asset before it actually receives goods or services if
it first exchanges share-based payment for an enforceable right to receive those goods or services. Nevertheless, the goods or
services themselves are not recognized before they are received. If fully vested, nonforfeitable equity instruments are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (no specific performance is required by the grantee
to retain those equity instruments), then, because of the elimination of any obligation on the part of the counterparty to earn
the equity instruments, a measurement date has been reached. A grantor shall recognize the equity instruments when they are issued
(in most cases, when the agreement is entered into). Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-45-1, a grantor may conclude that an asset
(other than a note or a receivable) has been received in return for fully vested, nonforfeitable equity instruments that are issued
at the date the grantor and grantee enter into an agreement for goods or services (and no specific performance is required by the
grantee in order to retain those equity instruments). Such an asset shall not be displayed as contra-equity by the grantor of the
equity instruments. The transferability (or lack thereof) of the equity instruments shall not affect the balance sheet display
of the asset. This guidance is limited to transactions in which equity instruments are transferred to other than employees in exchange
for goods or services. 

Pursuant to Paragraphs 505-50-25-8 and 505-50-25-9,
an entity may grant fully vested, non-forfeitable equity instruments that are exercisable by the grantee only after a specified
period of time if the terms of the agreement provide for earlier exercisability if the grantee achieves specified performance conditions.
Any measured cost of the transaction shall be recognized in the same period(s) and in the same manner as if the entity had paid
cash for the goods or services or used cash rebates as a sales discount instead of paying with, or using, the equity instruments.
A recognized asset, expense, or sales discount shall not be reversed if a stock option that the counterparty has the right to exercise
expires unexercised. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 505-50-30-2 and
505-50-30-11 share-based payment transactions with nonemployees shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The issuer shall measure the fair value
of the equity instruments in these transactions using the stock price and other measurement assumptions as of the earlier of the
following dates, referred to as the measurement date: (a) The date at which a commitment for performance by the counterparty to
earn the equity instruments is reached (a performance commitment); or (b) The date at which the counterparty s performance
is complete. If the Company s common shares are traded in one of the national exchanges the grant-date share price of the
Company s common stock will be used to measure the fair value of the common shares issued, however, if the Company s
common shares are thinly traded the use of share prices established in the Company s most recent private placement memorandum
( PPM ), or weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use of daily price observations
as such shares could be artificially inflated due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading
in the market. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraph 718-10-55-21 if an
observable market price is not available for a share option or similar instrument with the same or similar terms and conditions,
an entity shall estimate the fair value of that instrument using a valuation technique or model that meets the requirements in
paragraph 718-10-55-11 and takes into account, at a minimum, all of the following factors: 

a.    The
exercise price of the option.  

b.    The
expected term of the option, taking into account both the contractual term of the option and the effects of employees  expected
exercise and post-vesting employment termination behavior: Pursuant to Paragraph 718-10-50-2(f)(2)(i) of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification the expected term of share options and similar instruments represents the period of time the options and similar
instruments are expected to be outstanding taking into consideration of the contractual term of the instruments and holder s
expected exercise behavior into the fair value (or calculated value) of the instruments.  The Company uses historical
data to estimate holder s expected exercise behavior.  If the Company is a newly formed corporation or shares
of the Company are thinly traded the contractual term of the share options and similar instruments is used as the expected term
of share options and similar instruments as the Company does not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable
basis upon which to estimate expected term.  

c.    The
current price of the underlying share.  

d.    The
expected volatility of the price of the underlying share for the expected term of the option.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraph
718-10-55-25 a newly publicly traded entity might base expectations about future volatility on the average volatilities of similar
entities for an appropriate period following their going public. A nonpublic entity might base its expected volatility on the
average volatilities of otherwise similar public entities. For purposes of identifying otherwise similar entities, an entity would
likely consider characteristics such as industry, stage of life cycle, size, and financial leverage. Because of the effects of
diversification that are present in an industry sector index, the volatility of an index should not be substituted for the average
of volatilities of otherwise similar entities in a fair value measurement.  Pursuant to paragraph 718-10-S99-1 if shares
of a company are thinly traded the use of weekly or monthly price observations would generally be more appropriate than the use
of daily price observations as the volatility calculation using daily observations for such shares could be artificially inflated
due to a larger spread between the bid and asked quotes and lack of consistent trading in the market.  The Company uses
the average historical volatility of the comparable companies over the expected term of the share options or similar instruments
as its expected volatility.  

e.    The
expected dividends on the underlying share for the expected term of the option.  The expected dividend yield is based
on the Company s current dividend yield as the best estimate of projected dividend yield for periods within the expected
term of the share options and similar instruments.  

f.    The
risk-free interest rate(s) for the expected term of the option. Pursuant to ASC 718-10-55-28 a U.S. entity issuing an option on
its own shares must use as the risk-free interest rates the implied yields currently available from the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve over the contractual term of the option if the entity is using a lattice model incorporating the option s contractual
term. If the entity is using a closed-form model, the risk-free interest rate is the implied yield currently available on U.S.
Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equal to the expected term used as the assumption in the model.  

Pursuant to ASC paragraph 505-50-S99-1, if
the Company receives a right to receive future services in exchange for unvested, forfeitable equity instruments, those equity
instruments are treated as unissued for accounting purposes until the future services are received (that is, the instruments are
not considered issued until they vest). Consequently, there would be no recognition at the measurement date and no entry should
be recorded. 

Deferred Tax Assets and Income Taxes
Provision   

Prior to March 7, 2014, GRS LLC was treated
as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, i.e. members of an LLC are taxed separately on their distributive share of the
LLC s earnings (loss) whether or not that income is actually distributed. 

Effective March 7, 2014, the Company accounts
for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities
are determined based upon differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured
using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change
in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Section 740-10-25 ). Section 740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether
tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under Section 740-10-25,
the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position
will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized
in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition,
classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. 

The estimated future tax effects of temporary
differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, as well
as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded
on its consolidated balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Management makes judgments as to the interpretation
of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the
Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion,
adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates,
additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. 

Limitation on Utilization of NOLs due
to Change in Control   

Pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code Section
382 ( Section 382 ), certain ownership changes may subject the NOL s to annual limitations which could reduce
or defer the NOL. Section 382 imposes limitations on a corporation s ability to utilize NOLs if it experiences an  ownership
change.  In general terms, an ownership change may result from transactions increasing the ownership of certain stockholders
in the stock of a corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. In the event of an ownership change,
utilization of the NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 determined by multiplying the value of its stock
at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate. Any unused annual limitation may be carried over
to later years. The imposition of this limitation on its ability to use the NOLs to offset future taxable income could cause the
Company to pay U.S. federal income taxes earlier than if such limitation were not in effect and could cause such NOLs to expire
unused, reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs. 

Earnings per Share   

Earnings per share ( EPS ) is the
amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings or
loss per share. EPS is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs
260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator)
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period. Income available to common stockholders
shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends
accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from net income (loss). The computation of diluted
EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common
shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the
potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or
warrants. 

Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21
through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint
of the security holder. The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting
entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method. Equivalents of options and warrants include
non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions. Under the treasury stock
method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later)
and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common
stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) c. The incremental
shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included
in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation. Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-40 through 45-42 convertible securities
shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the if converted method. The convertible preferred stock or convertible debt
shall be assumed to have been converted at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later). In applying the if-converted
method, conversion shall not be assumed for purposes of computing diluted EPS if the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

There were no potentially dilutive common shares
outstanding for the interim period ended September 30, 2016. 

Cash Flows Reporting   

The Company adopted paragraph 230-10-45-24
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether
they stem from operating, investing, or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or
reconciliation method (the  Indirect Method ) as defined by paragraph 230-10-45-25 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating
activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected
future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash
receipts and payments 

Segment Information   

The Company follows Topic 280 of the FASB Accounting
Standards Codification for segment reporting. Pursuant to Paragraph 280-10-50-1 an operating segment is a component of a public
entity that has all of the following characteristics: (a). It engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same public entity). (b).
Its operating results are regularly reviewed by the public entity s chief operating decision maker to make decisions about
resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance. (c). Its discrete financial information is available. In accordance
with Paragraph 280-10-50-5 the term chief operating decision maker identifies a function, not necessarily a manager with a specific
title. That function is to allocate resources to and assess the performance of the segments of a public entity. Often the chief
operating decision maker of a public entity is its chief executive officer or chief operating officer, but it may be a group consisting
of, for example, the public entity s president, executive vice presidents, and others. Pursuant to Paragraph 280-10-50-10
a public entity shall report separately information about each operating segment that meets both of the following criteria: (a).
Has been identified in accordance with paragraphs 280-10-50-1 and 280-10-50-3 through 50-9 or results from aggregating two or more
of those segments in accordance with the following paragraph; and (b). Exceeds the quantitative thresholds in paragraph 280-10-50-12.
In accordance with Paragraph 280-10-50-12 a public entity shall report separately information about an operating segment that meets
any of the following quantitative thresholds: (a). Its reported revenue, including both sales to external customers and intersegment
sales or transfers, is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments. (b). The absolute
amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount, of either: 1. The combined reported
profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss, or 2. The combined reported loss of all operating segments that did
report a loss. (c). Its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. Pursuant to Paragraphs
280-10-50-22 and 280-10-50-29, a public entity shall report a measure of profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment
and provide an explanation of the measurements of segment profit or loss and segment assets for each reportable segment. At a minimum,
a public entity shall disclose all of the following: (a). The basis of accounting for any transactions between reportable segments.
(b). The nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments  profits or losses and the public
entity s consolidated income (loss) before income tax provision, extraordinary items, and discontinued operations (if not
apparent from the reconciliations described in paragraphs 280-10-50-30 through 50-31). (c). The nature of any differences between
the measurements of the reportable segments  assets and the public entity s consolidated assets (if not apparent from
the reconciliations described in paragraphs 280-10-50-30 through 50-31). (d). The nature of any changes from prior periods in the
measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit or loss and the effect, if any, of those changes on the measure of
segment profit or loss. (e). The nature and effect of any asymmetrical allocations to reportable segments. 

Subsequent Events   

The Company follows the guidance in Section
855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent
events through the date when the financial statements were issued. Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification,
the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through
filing them on EDGAR. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01, which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification
and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments,
financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.
In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting
from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment
to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted
except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific
credit risk in other comprehensive income. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02, which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on
accounting for operating leases, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for operating leases with lease
terms of more than 12 months on the balance sheet. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning
after December 15, 2018, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to
the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued an Accounting Standards Update (ASU)  ASU 2016   09 Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting  which is intended to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The ASU simplifies several aspects
of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions, including; the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on the statement of cash flows. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means
of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is
effective. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In April 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued an Accounting Standards Update (ASU)  ASU 2016   10 Revenue from Contract with Customers: identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing . The amendments in this Update clarify the two following aspects (a) contracts with
customers to transfer goods and services in exchange for consideration and (b) determining whether an entity s promise to
grant a license provides a customer with either a right to use the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied at
a point in time) or a right to access the entity s intellectual property (which is satisfied over time). The amendments in
this Update are intended to reduce the degree of judgement necessary to comply with Topic 606. This guidance has no effective date
as yet. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB )
issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) ASU No. 2016-15,  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash
Payments  ( ASU 2016-15 ). ASU 2016-15 provides guidance regarding the classification of certain items within
the statements of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance. 

In October 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2016-16 - Income Taxes: Intra-Entity Transfers of
Assets Other Than Inventory. ASU 2016-16 will require the tax effects of intercompany transactions, other than sales of inventory,
to be recognized currently, eliminating an exception under current GAAP in which the tax effects of intra-entity asset transfers
are deferred until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. The guidance will be effective
for the first interim period of our 2019 fiscal year, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of adopting this guidance. 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, when adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

Reclassification   

Certain reclassifications have been made to
the prior year financial statement numbers to conform to the current presentation of the financial statements. These reclassifications had no impact on the reported results. 

Note 3   Going Concern  

The Company elected to adopt early application
of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-15,   Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40):
Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern ( ASU 2014-15 )  . 

The Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. 

As reflected in the unaudited condensed financial
statements, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $6,793,042 at September 30, 2016, a net loss of $2,499,858 and net cash of
$2,139,575 used in operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company is continuing operations and hopes
to generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support its daily operations.
While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional
funds, there can be no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its
ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way
of a public or private offering. 

The unaudited condensed financial
statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Note 4   Property, Equipment, Leasehold
Improvement, Software and Hardware, and Management Agreement  

Fixed Assets consisted of the following: 

Intangible Assets (Management Agreement): 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense   

Depreciation and amortization expense were
$210,919 and $119,280 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

Amortization of intangible asset related to the management agreement amounted to $25,000 and $14,445 for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Note 5   Related Party Transactions  

Related parties   

Related parties with whom the Company had transactions
are: 

Related Parties  
       
      Relationship   
 
      Eugene Fernandez  
       
      President, interim CFO, Board of Directors, and significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
      Anthony Williams  
       
      Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company and significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
      Michael Christopher Cox  
       
      COO, Board of Directors, and significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
      DGS Group LLC  
       
      An entity owned and controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
      Stonehenge Holdings LLC  
       
      An entity owned and controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
      FLS 3, Inc.  
       
      An entity owned and controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company.   
 
     Canyon Bound LLC 
       
      An entity owned and controlled by a significant stockholder of the Company.   

Screening Plant Purchase Agreement   

On June 19, 2015, Speyside Holdings LLC purchased
a screening plant from FLS 3, Inc. FLS 3, Inc. is an entity solely owned by Eugene Fernandez, a major shareholder, President and
acting CFO of the Company. The screening plant was sold by FLS 3, Inc. to Speyside Holdings LLC for $160,000. FLS 3, Inc. delivered
the screening plant and a bill of sale to Speyside Holdings LLC and Speyside Holdings LLC tendered $41,000 and a promissory note
for $119,000 to FLS 3, Inc. The promissory note bears an interest rate of 5% per annum and is due on demand. 

Debt Conversion Agreements   

On July 8, 2016, the Company entered into
a Debt Conversion Agreement effective June 30, 2016 (the  DC Agreement I ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge
Holdings, LLC ( Stonehenge ) agreed to convert $125,000 of previously advanced debt plus accrued interest (the
 SH Advances I ) into 1,426,089 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The
conversion price of the SH Advances I was $0.09 per share, which represents the market price of the Company s stock on
June 30, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control
over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

On September 26, 2016, Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement II ) whereby the Company
and DGS Group LLC ( DGS ) agreed to convert $600,000.00 of previously advanced principal debt (the  DGS Advances
I ) into 12,000,000 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the DGS
Advances I was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of the common stock on September 26, 2016. Eugene Fernandez,
a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control over DGS. Mr. Fernandez abstained from
the vote on this matter. Also on September 26, 2016, the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement
effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement III ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge agreed to convert $94,399.00
of previously advanced principal debt (the  SH Advances II ) into 1,887,980 shares of Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the SH Advances II was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of
the common stock on September 26, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and
dispositive control over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

Speyside Holdings LLC, Speyside Holdings
II LLC, and CEM III LLC  

On September 12, 2016, the Company, Speyside
Holdings LLC, and CEM III LLC determined that it is advisable and in the best interests of the Company, Speyside Holdings LLC,
and CEM III LLC to increase the limited liability company interests of Eugene Fernandez, Stonehenge Holdings LLC, and Canyon Bound
LLC in Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC to remunerate Eugene Fernandez, Stonehenge Holdings LLC, and Canyon Bound LLC for
their providing of loans to the Company, Speyside Holdings LLC, and CEM III LLC, for personally guaranteeing loans for Speyside
Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC, for their service, to incentivize continued future performance, to encourage retention of their services,
and to align their interests with those of the Speyside Holdings LLC, and CEM III LLC. As a result of the aforementioned, on September
12, 2016, the Company directly owns 60 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 36 Class A Units in CEM III LLC 

On October 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated to account for the proportion dilution of the addition of a
new member. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreements, the Company directly owns 51 Class A Units in Speyside
Holdings LLC and indirectly own 26 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. Additionally, per the BCM Loan I agreement, Bradden Capital Management
LLC through its assign, BCM Speyside, LLC, elected to acquire 15 Class B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC. As part of BCM Speyside,
LLC becoming a Class B Unit member in Speyside Holdings LLC, BCM Speyside, LLC and Speyside Holdings II LLC became tenants in common
on a parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. As part of the aforementioned, Speyside Holdings LLC and BCM Speyside,
LLC respectively have a call / put provision whereby a respective party can call / put BCM Speyside, LLC s tenant in common
interest in the parcel of real property that BCM Speyside, LLC is tenants in common with Speyside Holdings II LLC in Highland Mills,
New York in exchange for BCM Speyside, LLC contributing its tenancy in common interest into Speyside Holdings II LLC and Speyside
Holdings LLC thereby converting BCM Speyside, LLC s 15 Class B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC to 15 Class A Units in Speyside
Holdings LLC along with the a corresponding adjustment to BCM Speyside, LLC s capital account in Speyside Holdings LLC. 

Advances from Stockholders   

From time to time, the stockholders of the
Company advance funds to the Company for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on
demand. 

Notes Payable - due to related parties   

Notes payable - Stockholders consisted of the
following: 

On August 26, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $10,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand. The note was converted to equity on September 26, 2016.    
        -       
        10,000     

On September 1, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $10,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand. The note was converted to equity on September 26, 2016.    
        -       
        10,000     

On September 4, 2015, the Company modified the grid note dated August 21, 2015 to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $7,500 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        7,500       
        7,500     

On September 11, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $4,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. This note has been repaid.    
        -       
        4,000     

On September 14, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $30,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        30,000       
        30,000     

On September 23, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $60,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand. The note was converted to equity on September 26, 2016.    
        -       
        60,000     

On October 5, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $25,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        25,000       
        25,000     

On November 3, 2015, Speyside Holdings LLC issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $8,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        8,000       
        8,000     

On November 4, 2015, the Speyside Holdings LLC issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $1,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        1,000       
        1,000     

On November 5, 2015, the Speyside Holdings LLC issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $2,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        2,000       
        2,000     

On November 6, 2015, the Speyside Holdings LLC issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $25,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        25,000       
        25,000     

On November 25, 2015, the Company issued a note to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $10,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand. This note is no longer outstanding.    
        -       
        10,000     

On December 17, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $125,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. The note was converted to equity on June 30, 2016.    
        -       
        125,000     

On various dates of December 2015, the Company issued 5 promissory notes to the same stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $59,301 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. $55,000 of the total has been paid and $4,301 remains outstanding.    
        24,301       
        59,301     

On December 31, 2015, the Company issued a note to a stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of funds in the amount of $13,000 and (ii) the terms of the note. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and is due on demand.    
        13,000       
        13,000     

On various dates of January, February and March 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC issued 29 promissory
    notes to the same stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $264,000 and (ii) the
    terms of the notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes
    are fully repaid. The notes are due on demand. 24 of these notes remain outstanding. $58,000 was paid in cash in May and July 2016.

206,000       
        -     

On various dates of
    January, February and March  2016, the Company issued 7 promissory notes to the same stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of
    the funds in the aggregate amount of $27,500 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes
    accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The notes are due on demand. Six of these notes were
    converted to equity on September 26 th  and $2,000 remains outstanding.     
        2,000       
        -     

On various dates of January, February and March   2016, the Company issued 9 promissory notes to the
    same stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $118,500 and (ii) the terms of the
    notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully
    repaid. The notes are due on demand. All of these notes remain outstanding.    
        118,500       
        -     

On April 1,   2016 Speyside Holdings LLC issued a promissory note to a stockholder to
    memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the amount of $10,000 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to the terms and
    conditions, the note accrues simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The note is due on
    demand.    
        10,000       
        -     

On various dates of April, May and June   2016, the Company issued 6 promissory notes to the same
    stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $110,000 and (ii) the terms of the notes.
    Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The
    notes are due on demand. All of these notes remain outstanding.    
        110,000       
        -     

On various dates of April, May and June   2016, the Speyside Holdings LLC issued 44 promissory notes
    to the same stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $679,000 and (ii) the terms of
    the notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully
    repaid. The notes are due on demand. All of these notes remain outstanding.    
        679,000       
        -     

On September 1,   2016 the Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC issued a promissory note to a
    stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the amount of $3,000 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to
    the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The notes are
    due on demand. This note remains outstanding.    
        3,000       
        -     

During the months of July and September   2016, Speyside Holdings LLC issued promissory notes to a
    stockholder to memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $93,800 and (ii) the terms of the notes.
    Pursuant to the terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The
    notes are due on demand. This note remain outstanding.    
        93,800       
        -     

On various dates in July and August   2016, the Company issued promissory notes to a stockholder to
    memorialize (i) the receipt of the funds in the aggregate amount of $71,000 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to the
    terms and conditions, the notes accrue simple interest at 5% per annum until the notes are fully repaid. The notes are due on
    demand. These notes remain outstanding.    
        71,000       
        -     

2,084,101       
        1,123,501     

Value of the shares issued in excess of the value of the loan    
       (188,555  )    
       -     

$  1,895,546       
     $  1,123,501     

Notes Payable third parties - long term   

On August 16, 2016 Speyside Holdings LLC closed on a
$1,000,000 loan from Bradden Capital Management LLC (the  BCM Loan I ) to be used in connection with the
acquisition of equipment for Speyside Holdings LLC as well as for operations. The BCM Loan I has an effective date August 12,
2016. The BCM Loan I is interest only a bears an initial rate of 5% per annum and has an initial maturity date of December
31, 2017. As an inducement for Bradden Capital Management LLC to extend the BCM Loan I to Speyside Holdings LLC, Bradden
Capital Management LLC was given the option to acquire a 15% membership interest in Speyside Holdings LLC for $2,000,000. In
the event that Bradden Capital Management LLC does not acquire a 15% membership interest in Speyside Holdings LLC prior to
December 31, 2016 or upon written notice from Bradden Capital Management LLC to Speyside Holdings LLC advising of the same,
the interest rate of the BCM Loan I will automatically increase from 5% per annum to 8% per annum. In addition, Speyside
Holdings LLC has the option to extend the maturity date of the BCM Loan I to December 31, 2018. During the aforementioned
extension period, the BCM Loan I will bear an interest rate of 9% per annum. The BCM Loan I is secured by the personal
guarantees of Anthony Williams, Eugene Fernandez, Michael Cox as well as their direct and indirect membership interests in
Speyside Holdings LLC and their direct and indirect ownership of Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. 

Note 6   Equipment Loan / Leaser  

On November 25, 2015 Speyside Holdings
LLC purchased an excavator for $108,300. $15,600 was paid in cash and financing of $92,700 was acquired. The loan has forty-eight
payments of $2,089 per month, commencing December 2015 and expiring in November 2019 with an annual interest rate of 3.9%. The
members of the Board of Directors of Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. (Eugene Fernandez, Anthony Williams, and Michael Cox) personally
guaranteed this loan. 

On September 1, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC leased processing equipment for $654,882 of which $200,000 was paid in cash and
$454,882 was financed. The lease has sixty payments of $9,310.69 a month (with the exception of the first month which included
stub interest and which the payment was $10,260.69), commencing on October 1, 2016 and expiring on September 1, 2021. At the
conclusion of the lease, title is to transfer to Speyside Holdings LLC. The members of the Board of Directors of Progressive
Green Solutions, Inc. (Eugene Fernandez, Anthony Williams, and Michael Cox) personally guaranteed this equipment lease. 

Equipment loan consisted of the following: 

Note 7   Equity  

On July 8, 2016, the Company entered into
a Debt Conversion Agreement effective June 30, 2016 (the  DC Agreement I ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge Holdings,
LLC ( Stonehenge ) agreed to convert $125,000 of previously advanced debt plus accrued interest (the  SH Advances
I ) into 1,388,889 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the SH Advances
I was $0.09 per share, which represents the market price of the Company on June 30, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s
Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

On September 26, 2016, Progressive Green
Solutions, Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement II ) whereby
the Company and DGS Group LLC ( DGS ) agreed to convert $600,000.00 of previously advanced principal debt (the  DGS
Advances I ) into 12,000,000 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of
the DGS Advances I was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of the common stock on September 26, 2016. Eugene Fernandez,
a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control over DGS. Mr. Fernandez abstained from
the vote on this matter. Also on September 26, 2016, the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement
effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement III ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge agreed to convert $94,399.00
of previously advanced principal debt (the  SH Advances II ) into 1,887,980 shares of Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the SH Advances II was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of
the common stock on September 26, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and
dispositive control over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

Note 8  
Concentrations  

During the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, Customer  A , accounted for 21% of total sales; no other customer individually accounted for
more than 10% of total sales. This large customer did not account for any sales made in 2015. Customer
 A  represented a total of 7% of accounts receivable during the nine months quarter ending 2016. No other
customer account exceeded 10% of total accounts receivable. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2015 Customer  A  accounted for 10% of total sales
and represented a total of 7% of accounts receivable. 

Vendor Concentrations   

Vendor purchase
concentrations and accounts payable concentration as follows: 

Note 9   Segment Reporting  

Reportable segments are components of
an enterprise about which separate financial information is available and that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision
maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Company s reportable segments are based on
products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates
a company. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as the accounting policies of the Company as a whole. 

The Company operates in the following business
segments: 

i.  
      Parent: the Company is
    responsible for the overall management of its returns management segment and quarry operations segment. Parent costs include certain services, such as compensation, professional fees, corporate purchasing,  corporate legal, business development, and other corporate-related general and administrative expenses. The parent does not generate any revenues, nor does it incur any direct cost of revenue.   

ii.  
      Returns management: through the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC, this segment engages in reverse logistics, remanufacturing, repair and recovery, engineering/quality assurance, warehousing and fulfillment, secondary market sales and e-commerce for retailers and manufacturers of consumer goods.   

iii.  
      Quarry operations: through a company that the Company is a majority owner of, Speyside Holdings LLC, this segment engages in the production and sale of crushed stone and aggregates to the New York City metro area.   

iv.  Operating segments not reportable individually are
included in  Other . Other includes the Company s other smaller business Applianceplace.com and CEM III LLC which
has minimal activity. 

The Company measures the segment profit
or loss and segment assets for each reportable segment as follows: 

a.  
      The basis of accounting for any transactions between reportable segments: The Company allows reportable segments to freely negotiate the terms and conditions of and carries out, on an arm s-length basis, any transactions between reportable segments;   

b.  
      The nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments  profits or losses and the public entity s consolidated income before income taxes, extraordinary items, and discontinued operations: There are no material differences between the measurements of the reportable segments  profits or losses and the public entity s consolidated income (loss) as the Company presently allocates minimal centrally incurred costs to the parent;   

c.  
      The nature of any differences between the measurements of the reportable segments  assets and the public entity s consolidated assets: There were no difference between the measurements of the reportable segments  assets and the public entity s consolidated assets as the Company does not have any jointly used assets;   

d.  
      The nature of any changes from prior periods in the measurement methods used to determine reported segment profit or loss and the effect, if any, of those changes on the measure of segment profit or loss: this is the first period that the Company is engaging in segment reporting;   

e.  
      The nature and effect of any asymmetrical allocations to reportable segments: There were no asymmetrical allocations to reportable segments as the Company does not allocate depreciation expense to a reportable segment without allocating the related depreciable assets to that reportable segment.   

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc.  

  Assets by Segments   

Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. 

 Operations by Segment 

For the Nine Months Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

For the Three Months Ended 

 September 30, 2016 

Note 10   Subsequent Events  

The Company has evaluated all events
that occur after the balance sheet date through the date when the unaudited condensed financial statements were issued to
determine if they must be reported. The Management of the Company determined that the following reportable subsequent event
was required to be disclosed: 

During the months of October 2016 through the date of this filing, the Company issued 23 notes to stockholders to memorialize
(i) the receipt of funds totaling $194,204 and (ii) the terms of the notes. Pursuant to the terms and conditions the note
accrues simple interest at 5% per annum and are due on demand. 

On October 6, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC
received an additional $1,000,000 loan from Braden Capital Management LLC. To memorialize this additional $1,000,000 loan, Speyside
Holdings LLC and Bradden Capital Management LLC amended and restated the BCM Loan I to reflect the aforementioned. 

On October 6, 2016, CEM III LLC acquired
+/- 30 acres of real property in Highland Mills, New York from the Grace E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership. In connection with
the Grace E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership real property acquisition, CEM III LLC obtained a purchase money mortgage from the
Grace E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership for $750,000. 

On October 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreements,
the Company directly owns 51 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 26 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. Additionally,
per the BCM Loan I agreement, Bradden Capital Management LLC through its assign, BCM Speyside, LLC, elected to acquire 15 Class
B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC. As part of BCM Speyside, LLC becoming a Class B Unit member in Speyside Holdings LLC, BCM Speyside,
LLC and Speyside Holdings II LLC became tenants in common on a parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. As part of
the aforementioned, Speyside Holdings LLC and BCM Speyside, LLC respectively have a call / put provision whereby a respective party
can call / put BCM Speyside, LLC s tenant in common interest in the parcel of real property that BCM Speyside, LLC is tenants
in common with Speyside Holdings II LLC in Highland Mills, New York in exchange for BCM Speyside, LLC contributing its tenancy
in common interest into Speyside Holdings II LLC and Speyside Holdings LLC thereby converting BCM Speyside, LLC s 15 Class
B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC to 15 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC along with the a corresponding adjustment to BCM
Speyside, LLC s capital account in Speyside Holdings LLC. 

On October 12, 2016, Speyside Holdings,
Speyside Holdings II LLC, and BCM Speyside, LLC acquired the assets of Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. pursuant to a certain purchase
and sale agreement with Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. In connection with the Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. asset acquisition,
Speyside Holdings LLC, Speyside Holdings II LLC, and BCM Speyside, LLC obtained a purchase money mortgage from Highland Sand  
Gravel, Inc. for $4,000,000. 

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN
OF OPERATION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS
OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY
CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, LEVELS
OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.  

Results of Operations  

For the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016, Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, consolidated revenue from operations was $ $3,068,808 compared to $ $3,337,757 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015, a reduction of $268,949 or 8%. This decrease is due to the business model change at Green Remanufacturing Solutions as well as plant shutdowns and equipment
failures at Speyside Holdings LLC. 

Cost
of Goods Sold  

Our consolidated cost of goods
sold ( COGS ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, was $ $3,573,913 compared to  $3,023,027 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, an increase of $550,887 or 18%. This increase is due to the high cost of equipment repairs at
Speyside Holdings LLC. 

Gross Margin  

For the nine months ended September
30, 2016, there was a negative gross margin of $505,106 compared to a positive margin $314,730 for the nine months ended September
30, 2015, a decrease of $819,836 or 260%. The decrease in gross profit is related to equipment failures at Speyside Holdings LLC
which led to impaired production. 

Operating Expenses  

Total operating expenses for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were $1,916,789, resulting in a loss from operations of $2,421,895, compared to total operating expenses
of $1,726,152 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, which resulted in a loss from operations of $1,411,422, an increase
of $190,637 or 11%. The increase in expenses was related to additional SG A from Speyside Holdings LLC (there was limited SG A
for Speyside Holdings LLC a year ago as it did not commence operations until April 2015 as well as a bad debt expense of $97,852). 

Net Loss  

For the period ended September
30, 2016, the Company had a net loss of $2,499,858, or $(0.07) per share. The net loss is attributable to several factors: 

1.  
      Accounting charges for bad debt write-offs. The value of these amounts is approximately $143,875.   

2.  
      A pivot in Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC s business model from exclusively purchasing returns for its own account for resale to including servicing consumer returns for a fee   during the pivot in GRS  business model, there will continue to be a slowdown in revenues due to the business development cycle as such the company will have to spread its overhead over less customers until the business development cycle catches up with the pivot. The purpose of the pivot is to hybridize Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC s financial approaches to managing consumer returns with the goal of building a robust and sustainable business model.   

3.  
      Royalty expenses that are associated with Speyside Holdings LLC s management agreement and which are scheduled to cease upon Speyside Holding LLC closing on the Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. asset purchase agreement;   the royalty that Speyside Holdings LLC pays to Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. is for aggregate that Speyside Holdings LLC that it extracts and sells from the Highland Mills quarry during the term of the management agreement. Once the management agreement terminates (which occurred on October 12, 2016) Speyside Holdings LLC will not incur this charge and its margins will increase.   

4.  
      Extraordinary repairs and maintenance undertaken at Speyside Holdings LLC s operations;   

5.  
      Production inefficiencies at Speyside Holdings LLC due to aging equipment that required extraordinary repairs and maintenance; and   

6.  
      Equipment rental fees for equipment used in the operations of Speyside Holdings LLC.   

For the Three Months Ended September
30, 2016, Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Revenue  

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, consolidated revenue from operations was $792,214 compared to $1,902,958 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
a decrease of $1,110,743 or 58%. This decrease is due to the business model change at Green Remanufacturing Solutions as well as plant shutdowns and equipment
failures at Speyside Holdings LLC. 

Cost of Goods Sold  

Our consolidated cost of goods sold ( COGS )
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, was $1,038,778 compared to $1,748,140 for the three months ended September 30,
2015, a decrease of $709,362 or 41%. 

Gross Margin  

For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, there was a negative gross margin of $246,563, compared to a positive gross margin of $154,818 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in gross profit of 259% is related to equipment failures at Speyside
Holdings LLC which led to impaired production, reduced sales and higher per unit costs at Speyside Holding LLC. 

Operating Expenses  

Total operating expenses for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were $605,745, resulting in a loss from operations of $852,309 compared to total operating expenses of
$787,690 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, which resulted in a loss from operations of $632,872. The reduction in
overhead of $181,944 or 23% is related to rent and staff reductions at GRS. 

Net Loss  

For the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
Company had a net loss of $872,206, or $(0.02) per share. The net loss is attributable to: 

1.         A
pivot in Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC s business model from exclusively purchasing returns for its own account for
resale to including servicing consumer returns for a fee   during the pivot in GRS  business model, there will continue
to be a slowdown in revenues due to the business development cycle as such the company will have to spread its overhead over less
customers until the business development cycle catches up with the pivot. The purpose of the pivot is to hybridize Green Remanufacturing
Solutions LLC s financial approaches to managing consumer returns with the goal of building a robust and sustainable business
model. 

2.         Royalty
expenses that are associated with Speyside Holdings LLC s management agreement and which are scheduled to cease upon Speyside
Holding LLC closing on the Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. asset purchase agreement;   the royalty that Speyside Holdings
LLC pays to Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. is for aggregate that Speyside Holdings LLC that it extracts and sells from the Highland
Mills quarry during the term of the management agreement. Once the management agreement terminates (which occurred on October 12,
2016) Speyside Holdings LLC will not incur this charge and its margins will increase. 

3.         Extraordinary
repairs and maintenance undertaken at Speyside Holdings LLC s operations; 

4.         Production
inefficiencies at Speyside Holdings LLC due to aging equipment that required extraordinary repairs and maintenance; and 

5.         Equipment
rental fees for equipment used in the operations of Speyside Holdings LLC. 

Plan of Operation  

Our plan of operations over the next twelve
months includes (i) focusing our operations on Speyside Holding LLC s quarry operations; (ii) increasing annual sales revenue
to $10,000,000; (iii) securing service contracts with consumer product manufacturers, resellers, and service providers. In order
to implement our plan of operation, we will need to obtain outside funding. Green Remanufacturing Solutions LLC s strategic
vision is so shift from solely purchasing consumer returns to refurbishing consumer goods for a fee or some other type of hybridized
fee for service / purchasing model. The Company believes that it will need a minimum of $15,000,000 to cover its planned operations
over the next 12 months. 

While we have historically been funded
by management, there can be no assurance that we will be continued to be funded by management or that such funding will be provided
on terms favorable to the Company. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

We will require substantial additional
financing in order to execute our business expansion and development plans and we may require additional financing in order to
sustain substantial future business operations for an extended period of time. We currently do not have any firm arrangements for
financing and we may not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or
on terms which are economically feasible. If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan, we may
have to reduce the planned future growth of our operations. 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
a cash balance of $100,010. The Company believes that such funds will not be sufficient to fund its expenses over the next twelve
months. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to the Company. The Company currently has no agreements,
arrangements or understandings with any person to obtain funds through bank loans, lines of credit or any other sources. Since
the Company has no such arrangements or plans currently in effect, its inability to raise funds for the above purposes will have
a severe negative impact on its ability to remain a viable company. 

Using an annualized figure of $2,363,888
for our operating costs, costs are approximately $196,990 a month. Given the amount of cash currently on hand, we expect our current
cash reserves to last for less than a month. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  

As of September 30, 2016, there were no
off balance sheet arrangements. 

Basis of Presentation  

The financial statements of the Company
are presented in United States dollars and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. 

Going Concern  

The Company has incurred losses
since inception and has used $2,139,575 in cash provided by operations as of September 30, 2016. Further, the Company has a
working capital deficit. The Company is dependent upon funds from private investors and the support of certain
stockholders. 

These factors raise substantial doubt about
the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern. Management is planning to raise necessary additional funds through loans
and additional sales of its common stock. There is no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising additional capital
or in further developing its operations.  

Item
3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.    

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide information under this item. 

Item
4.   
       Controls and Procedures.    

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures   

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our Principal Executive Officer
( PEO ) and Principal Financial Officer ( PFO ), to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no
matter how well designed and operated, can only provide a reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and
in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. Management designed the disclosure controls and procedures to provide reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the
supervision and with the participation of our management, including our PEO and PFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based upon that evaluation,
the PEO and PFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. 

There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting during the period covered by this quarterly report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings.    

As of the end of the period reported, we were not involved
in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our
subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our
company s or our company s subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an
adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 1A.   
       Risk Factors.    

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by 17 C.F.R. 229 (10)(f)(i) and are not required to provide information under this item. 

Item
2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

On July 8, 2016, the Company entered into a
Debt Conversion Agreement effective June 30, 2016 (the  DC Agreement I ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge Holdings,
LLC ( Stonehenge ) agreed to convert $125,000 of previously advanced debt plus accrued interest (the  SH Advances
I ) into 1,388,889 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the SH Advances
I was $0.09 per share, which represents the market price of the Company on June 30, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s
Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

On September 26, 2016, Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement II ) whereby the Company
and DGS Group LLC ( DGS ) agreed to convert $600,000.00 of previously advanced principal debt (the  DGS Advances
I ) into 12,000,000 shares of the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the DGS
Advances I was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of the common stock on September 26, 2016. Eugene Fernandez,
a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and dispositive control over DGS. Mr. Fernandez abstained from
the vote on this matter. Also on September 26, 2016, the Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. entered into a Debt Conversion Agreement
effective September 26, 2016 (the  DC Agreement III ) whereby the Company and Stonehenge agreed to convert $94,399.00
of previously advanced principal debt (the  SH Advances II ) into 1,887,980 shares of Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. s common stock. The conversion price of the SH Advances II was $0.05 per share, which represents the market price of
the common stock on September 26, 2016. Anthony Williams, a member of the Company s Board of Directors, holds voting and
dispositive control over Stonehenge. Mr. Williams abstained from the vote on this matter. 

All of the securities set forth above were issued by the Company pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the provisions of Rule 504 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. All such shares issued
contained a restrictive legend and the holders confirmed that they were acquiring the shares for investment and without intent
to distribute the shares. All of the purchasers were friends or business associates of the Company s management and all were
experienced in making speculative investments, understood the risks associated with investments, and could afford a loss of the
entire investment. The Company did not utilize an underwriter or a placement agent for any of these offerings of its securities. 

Item
3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

Not applicable. 

Item
4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.    

The information concerning mine safety
violations or other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this quarterly report.  

Item
5.   
       Other Information.    

On August 16, 2016 Speyside Holdings LLC closed
on a $1,000,000 loan from Bradden Capital Management LLC (the  BCM Loan I ) to be used in connection with the acquisition
of equipment for Speyside Holdings LLC as well as for operations. The BCM Loan I has an effective date August 12, 2016. The BCM
Loan I is interest only a bears an initial rate of 5% per annum and has an initial maturity date of December 31, 2017. As an inducement
for Bradden Capital Management LLC to extend the BCM Loan I to Speyside Holdings LLC, Bradden Capital Management LLC was given
the option to acquire a 15% membership interest in Speyside Holdings LLC for $2,000,000. In the event that Bradden Capital Management
LLC does not acquire a 15% membership interest in Speyside Holdings LLC prior to December 31, 2016 or upon written notice from
Bradden Capital Management LLC to Speyside Holdings LLC advising of the same, the interest rate of the BCM Loan I will automatically
increase from 5% per annum to 8% per annum. In addition, Speyside Holdings LLC has the option to extend the maturity date of the
BCM Loan I to December 31, 2018. During the aforementioned extension period, the BCM Loan I will bear an interest rate of 9% per
annum. The BCM Loan I is secured by the personal guarantees of Anthony Williams, Eugene Fernandez, Michael Cox as well as their
direct and indirect membership interests in Speyside Holdings LLC and their direct and indirect ownership of Progressive Green
Solutions, Inc. s common stock. 

On September 1, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC
leased processing equipment for $654,882. $200,000 was paid in cash and $454,882 was financed. The lease has sixty payments of
$9,310.69 a month (with the exception of the first month which included stub interest and which the payment was $10,260.69), commencing
on October 1, 2016 and expiring on September 1, 2021. At the conclusion of the lease, title is to transfer to Speyside Holdings
LLC. The members of the Board of Directors of Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. (Eugene Fernandez, Anthony Williams, and Michael
Cox) personally guaranteed this equipment lease. 

On September 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreement,
the Company directly owns 60 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 36 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. 

On September 21, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC
formed a wholly owned subsidiary named Speyside Holdings II LLC. Speyside Holdings II LLC is a New York limited liability company
whose purpose is to take title to a parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. 

On October 6, 2016, Speyside Holdings LLC
received an additional $1,000,000 loan from Bradden Capital Management LLC. To memorialize this additional $1,000,000 loan,
Speyside Holdings LLC and Bradden Capital Management LLC amended and restated the BCM Loan I to reflect the
aforementioned. 

On October 6, 2016, CEM III LLC acquired +/-
30 acres of real property in Highland Mills, New York from the Grace E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership. In connection with the
Grace E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership real property acquisition, CEM III LLC obtained a purchase money mortgage from the Grace
E. Wolf Family Limited Partnership for $750,000. 

On October 12, 2016, the operating agreements
of Speyside Holdings LLC and CEM III LLC were amended and restated. As a result of the amended and restated operating agreements,
the Company directly owns 51 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC and indirectly own 26 Class A Units in CEM III LLC. Additionally,
per the BCM Loan I agreement, Bradden Capital Management LLC through its assign, BCM Speyside, LLC, elected to acquire 15 Class
B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC. As part of BCM Speyside, LLC becoming a Class B Unit member in Speyside Holdings LLC, BCM Speyside,
LLC and Speyside Holdings II LLC became tenants in common on a parcel of real property in Highland Mills, New York. As part of
the aforementioned, Speyside Holdings LLC and BCM Speyside, LLC respectively have a call / put provision whereby a respective party
can call / put BCM Speyside, LLC s tenant in common interest in the parcel of real property that BCM Speyside, LLC is tenants
in common with Speyside Holdings II LLC in Highland Mills, New York in exchange for BCM Speyside, LLC contributing its tenancy
in common interest into Speyside Holdings II LLC and Speyside Holdings LLC thereby converting BCM Speyside, LLC s 15 Class
B Units in Speyside Holdings LLC to 15 Class A Units in Speyside Holdings LLC along with the a corresponding adjustment to BCM
Speyside, LLC s capital account in Speyside Holdings LLC. 

On October 12, 2016, Speyside Holdings, Speyside
Holdings II LLC, and BCM Speyside, LLC acquired the assets of Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. pursuant to a certain purchase and
sale agreement with Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. In connection with the Highland Sand   Gravel, Inc. asset acquisition,
Speyside Holdings LLC, Speyside Holdings II LLC, and BCM Speyside, LLC obtained a purchase money mortgage from Highland Sand  
Gravel, Inc. for $4,000,000. 

On December 8, 2016, the Company was served
with a Summons with Notice in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of Nassau.  The action, entitled Tynes v.
Progressive Green Solutions, Inc., names the Company, Eugene Fernandez, its President and Chairman, and several other unrelated
parties.  The Summons with Notice alleges, unspecific to which defendant, breach of agreements, breach of fiduciary duty,
gross negligence and general and securities fraud. The Summons and Notice, also unspecific as to which defendant, seeks relief
in an indeterminate amount not less than $500,000. The Company s time to appear in the action has not yet passed and it intends
to vigorously defend against the Action. 

Item
6.   
       Exhibits.    

Exhibit No.   
       
       Description    

21.1  
       
      Subsidiaries of the Registrant   

31.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of 2002   

32.1  
       
      Certification of Principal Executive and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

95  
       
      Mine Safety Disclosures Required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act   

101.INS  
       
      XBRL Instance Document   

101.SCH  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema   

101.CAL  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase   

101.DEF  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase   

101.LAB  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase   

101.PRE  
       
      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase   

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the requirements of
the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PROGRESSIVE GREEN SOLUTIONS, INC.    

Date: December 19, 2016  
      By:  
       /s/ Eugene Fernandez    

Name:   
       Eugene Fernandez    

Title:  
      President and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-21.1>
 2
 v453445_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

Exhibit 21.1  

Subsidiaries (as of November  17 ,
2016)  

Name:    
     Jurisdiction    
     Ownership     
 
     Green Remanufacturing LLC    
     Delaware    
        100  %  
 
     Appliancesplace.com, LLC    
     New York    
        100  %  
 
     Speyside Holdings LLC    
     Delaware    
        51  %  
 
     Speyside Holdings II LLC    
     New York    
        51  %  
 
     CEM III LLC    
     New York    
        26  %  

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 v453445_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER  

  PURSUANT TO   18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF  

  THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

I, Eugene Fernandez, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Progressive Green Solutions, Inc.;   

2.    Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;  

3.    Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report;  

4.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:  

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.    The
Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated: December 19,
    2016  
       
       /s/ Eugene Fernandez    

Name: Eugene Fernandez   

Title: President and Interim Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v453445_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350,  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO  

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002  

In connection with the Annual Report of
Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. (the  Registrant ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Eugene Fernandez, Principal Financial
Officer, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 that: 

(1)  
      The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d), as applicable of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and   

(2)  
      The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.   

Dated:  December 19, 2016  
       
       /s/ Eugene Fernandez    

Name: Eugene Fernandez   

Title: President and Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive and Financial and Accounting Officer)   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Progressive Green Solutions, Inc. and will be retained by Progressive Green Solutions,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-95>
 5
 v453445_ex95.htm
 EXHIBIT 95

Exhibit 95  

MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE  

Pursuant to Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the  Dodd-Frank Act ), issuers that are operators, or that have a subsidiary
that is an operator, of a coal or other mine in the United States are required to disclose in their periodic reports filed with
the SEC information regarding specified health and safety violations, orders and citations, issued under the Federal Mine Safety
and Health Act of 1977 (the  Mine Act ) by the Mine Safety and Health Administration (the  MSHA ), as well
as related assessments and legal actions, and mining-related fatalities. 

The following table provides information for the quarter ended
September 30, 2016. 

(1)  
      The total number of violations received from MSHA under  104 of the Mine Act, which includes citations for health or safety standards that could significantly and substantially contribute to a serious injury if left unabated.   
 
      (2)  
      The total number of orders issued by MSHA under  104(b) of the Mine Act, which represents a failure to abate a citation under  104(a) within the period of time prescribed by MSHA.   
 
      (3)  
      The total number of citations and orders issued by MSHA under  104(d) of the Mine Act for unwarrantable failure to comply with mandatory health or safety standards.   
 
      (4)  
      The total number of flagrant violations issued by MSHA under  110(b)(2) of the Mine Act.   
 
      (5)  
      The total number of orders issued by MSHA under  107(a) of the Mine Act for situations in which MSHA determined an imminent danger existed.   
 
      (6)  
      A written notice from the MSHA regarding a pattern of violations, or a potential to have such pattern under  104(e) of the Mine Act.   

</EX-95>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 pgsc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 pgsc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 pgsc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 pgsc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 pgsc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 pgsc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

