<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_1472595_0001472595-16-000270_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5157885</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210329</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>300198</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1650381</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2013309</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>871011</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001472595-16-000270.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102162756
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472595-16-000270
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Accretive Health, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001472595
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT SERVICES [8741]
		IRS NUMBER:				020698101
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34746
		FILM NUMBER:		161968220

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-324-7820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 NORTH MICHIGAN AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2700
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60611

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001472595-16-000270.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 september302016-form10q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  Form 10-Q 
    
  (Mark One) 
    
   For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
   For the transition period from                       to 
  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 001-34746 
  ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(312) 324-7820 
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes           No     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes          No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
                     Large accelerated filer   o 
      Accelerated filer     
    Non-accelerated filer   o 
    Smaller reporting company   o 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes   o       No   R 
    As of October 31  , 2016  , the registrant had 106,775,458 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding. 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  For the period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Table of Contents 
    
                   Part I.  Financial Information 
      
       Item 1.  
    Consolidated Financial Statements 
     2 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
     2 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited)   For the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
     3 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) (unaudited)   For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 
     4 
        
    Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)   For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
     5 
        
    Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
     6 
       Item 2.  
     Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
     20 
       Item 3.  
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  
     29 
       Item 4.  
     Controls and Procedures  
     29 

Part II.    Other Information 
      
       Item 1.  
     Legal Proceedings  
     32 
       Item 1A.  
     Risk Factors  
     33 
       Item 2.  
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
     33 
       Item 6.  
     Exhibits  
     35 

SIGNATURES 
     36 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

1 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
    2 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
  (In thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
    3 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity (Deficit) (unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
  
    5 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   BUSINESS DESCRIPTION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
  Business Description 
  Accretive Health, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (the "Company"), is a leading provider of services that help healthcare providers generate sustainable improvements in their operating margins and cash flows while also improving patient, physician and staff satisfaction for its customers. The Company achieves these results for its customers through an integrated approach encompassing an end-to-end revenue cycle management service offering and physician advisory services. The Company does so by deploying a unique operating model that leverages its extensive healthcare site experience, innovative technology and process excellence. The Company also offers modular services, allowing clients to engage the Company for only specific components of its end-to-end revenue cycle management service offering. 
  The Company s primary service offering consists of revenue cycle management ("RCM"), which helps healthcare providers to more efficiently manage their revenue cycles. This encompasses patient registration, insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, bill preparation and collections from patients and payers. The Company's physician advisory services ("PAS") offering assists hospitals in complying with payer requirements regarding whether to classify a hospital visit as an in-patient or an out-patient observation case for billing purposes and consists of both concurrent review and retrospective chart audits to help its customers achieve compliant and accurate billing. The Company also provides its customers with retrospective appeal management service support for both governmental and commercial payers.  
  In December 2015, the Company announced a long-term strategic partnership with Ascension Health Alliance, the parent of the Company's largest customer and the nation s largest Catholic and non-profit health system, and TowerBrook Capital Partners ("TowerBrook"), an investment management firm, which transaction (the "Transaction") was completed on February 16, 2016. As part of the Transaction, the Company amended and restated its Master Professional Services Agreement ("A R MPSA") with Ascension Health ("Ascension") effective February 16, 2016 with a term of   ten   years.  Pursuant to the A R MPSA and with certain limited exceptions, the Company will become the exclusive provider of RCM services and PAS with respect to acute care services provided by the hospitals affiliated with Ascension that execute supplement agreements with the Company.  
  Basis of Presentation 
  The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect the Company's financial position as of   September 30, 2016  , the results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and the cash flows of the Company for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .  These financial statements include the accounts of Accretive Health, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany amounts have been eliminated in consolidation. These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") for interim financial reporting and as required by the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ). Accordingly, certain information and footnote disclosures required for complete financial statements are not included herein. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, considered necessary for a fair presentation of the interim financial information, have been included. Operating results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any other interim period or for the fiscal year ending   December 31, 2016  . 

6 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

When preparing financial statements in conformity with GAAP, the Company must make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. For a more complete discussion of the Company s significant accounting policies and other information, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   (the "2015 10-K"). 
   
  NOTE 2   RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS  
  From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") and are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company's management believes that recently issued accounting pronouncements do not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, or do not apply to the Company's operations.  
  In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers     (Topic 606) ("ASU 2014-09")  ,   which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Accounting Standard Codification 605, Revenue Recognition ("ASC 605"). ASU 2014-09 is based on the principle that revenue is recognized to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments. ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within such reporting period, with early application permitted. The Company plans to early adopt the standard, effective January 1, 2017, and to apply the standard using the cumulative effect method to contracts for which all or substantially all of the revenue has not been recognized under GAAP as of the adoption date. The Company's ability to early adopt ASU 2014-09 is dependent on the completion of its analysis of the information necessary to calculate the cumulative effect.  The Company anticipates this standard will have a material impact on it consolidated financial statements.  While it is continuing to assess all potential impacts of the standard, the Company believes the most significant impact will be the recognition of revenue at the time services are provided or incentive measurements are finalized, as opposed to at the time of a contractual agreement event, which is when the Company now recognizes revenue for its end-to-end revenue cycle contracts for its base and incentive fee revenues. The Company does not expect a significant impact to  revenue related to its PAS offering. The Company has not yet finalized all the potential effects of the new standard on its consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, Customers Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement ("ASU 2015-05"). The Company adopted ASU 2015-05 on the required date of January 1, 2016 using the prospective method.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not enter into any new, material arrangements covered by this standard. 
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ("ASU 2016-02"), which supersedes existing guidance on accounting for leases in Topic 840, Leases. ASU 2016-02 generally requires all leases to be recognized in the statement of financial position. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018; early adoption is permitted. The provisions of ASU 2016-02 are to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. The Company has not yet determined the potential effects of this new standard on its consolidated financial statements, if any. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation-Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting ("ASU 2016-09").  ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. The provisions of ASU 2016-09 are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within  
  
    7 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for any entity in any interim or annual period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this prospective guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 
       
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classificaiton of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments ("ASU 2016-15").  ASU 2016-15 addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. The guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. Upon adoption, ASU 2016-15 will result in inclusion of restricted cash in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.  
   
  NOTE 3   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
  The Company has adopted the provisions of FASB Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements ("ASC 820"), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820 does not require any new fair value measurements, but provides guidance on how to measure fair value by providing a fair value hierarchy used to classify the source of the information. The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between assumptions based on market data (observable inputs) and an entity s own assumptions (unobservable inputs). The hierarchy consists of three levels:  
             
    Level 1:    Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities; 
                
    Level 2:    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets; and 
                
    Level 3:    Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. 
     The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, which include financial assets such as cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash equivalents, accounts receivable, amounts due from related party, short-term investments and certain other current assets, as well as financial liabilities such as accounts payable, customer liabilities, customer liabilities-related party, accrued compensation and benefits and certain other accrued expenses, approximate their fair values, due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The Company s financial assets which are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis consist of cash equivalents, which are short-term investments with maturity dates of less than three months and accordingly are classified as Level 1 assets in the fair value hierarchy. The Company s certificates of deposit are valued at face value, plus accrued interest, which approximates fair value, and are reported as Level 2 assets in the fair value hierarchy. The Company does   no  t have any financial liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 
    
  The Company s   8.00%   Series A Convertible Preferred Stock,   $0.01   par value per share (the  Preferred Stock ), and the Warrant (as defined in Note 10) are Level 3 financial instruments and were valued using a combination of binomial lattice and Black-Scholes models to determine the fair value allocation.  The primary assumptions used in such models were expected length of time prior to conversion, and exercise of warrants, of the Preferred Stock and Warrant (  5  -  10   years), the exercise price of the Warrant (  $3.50   per share), the risk free rate over the expected time horizon (  1.35%   to   1.66%  ), the Company s common stock price as of February 16, 2016 (  $2.65   per share), the expected annual volatility of the Company stock price (  40%  ) and the market rate of preferred stock for comparable companies (  9.50%  ). 
  
    8 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

NOTE 4   ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS 
  Accounts receivable is comprised of unpaid balances pertaining to non-RCM service fees and net receivable balances for RCM customers after considering cost reimbursements owed to such customers, including related accrued balances. 
  The Company maintains an estimated allowance for doubtful accounts to reduce its accounts receivable to the amount that it believes will be collected. This allowance is based on the Company s historical experience, its assessment of each customer s ability to pay, the length of time a balance has been outstanding, input from key customer resources assigned to each customer, and the status of any ongoing operations with each applicable customer.       
  Movements in the allowance for doubtful accounts are as follows (in thousands): 

NOTE 5   PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE 
  Property, equipment and software consist of the following (in thousands): 

The following table summarizes the allocation of depreciation and amortization expense between cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses (in thousands): 

9 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

NOTE 6   CUSTOMER LIABILITIES 
  Customer liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): 

(1) Includes   $84.8 million  ,     $31.8 million   and   $7.5 million   in current deferred customer billings, accrued service costs and customer deposits, respectively, for a related party that are included in the current portion of customer liabilities - related party in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016.  
  (2) Includes   $62.8   million in deferred customer billings for a related party that are included in the non-current portion of customer liabilities - related party in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016. 
   
  NOTE 7   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION 
  The share-based compensation expense relating to the Company s stock options and restricted stock awards ("RSAs") for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $4.8 million   and   $12.3 million  , respectively, with related tax benefits of approximately   $1.9 million   and   $4.5 million  , respectively.  The share-based compensation expense relating to the Company s stock options and RSAs for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was   $25.3 million   and   $25.3 million  , respectively, with related tax benefits of approximately   $10.0 million   and   $9.6 million  , respectively. 
  Total share-based compensation expense that has been included in the Company's consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands): 

(1)  Includes   $0.1 million   in share-based compensation expense paid in cash during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and   $1.9 million   and   $2.3 million   in share-based compensation expense paid in cash during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. There was   no   share-based compensation expense paid in cash for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 
  
    10 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of each option as of its grant date. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. The Company used Monte Carlo simulations to estimate the fair value of its RSAs with vesting based on market-based performance conditions as of their respective grant dates. Expected life is based on the market condition to which the vesting is tied. 
  The following table sets forth the significant assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the Monte Carlo simulations and the calculation of share-based compensation expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

The risk-free interest rate input is based on U.S. Treasury instruments, and expected volatility of the share price based upon review of the historical volatility levels of the Company s common stock in conjunction with that of public companies that operate in similar industries or are similar in terms of stage of development or size and a projection of this information toward its future expected volatility. The Company used the simplified method to estimate the expected option life for 2016 and 2015 option grants.  The simplified method was used due to the lack of sufficient historical data available to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of each stock option.  
  Stock Options 
  A summary of the options activity during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   is shown below: 

11 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

Restricted Stock Awards 
  A summary of the restricted stock activity during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   is shown below: 

In most cases, RSA vesting is based on the passage of time. The amount of share-based compensation expense is based on the fair value of the Company's common stock on the respective grant dates and is recognized ratably over the vesting period.   
  The Company's RSA agreements allow employees to surrender to the Company shares of common stock upon vesting of their RSAs in lieu of their payment of the required personal employment-related taxes. The Company does not withhold taxes in excess of minimum required statutory requirements.  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, employees delivered to the Company   981,505   and   288,490   shares of stock, respectively, which the Company recorded at a cost of approximately   $2.0 million   and   $1.4 million  , respectively. Shares surrendered for payment of personal employment-related taxes are held in treasury. 
  Other Matters 
  During the     second quarter of 2016, in connection with the resignation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and restructuring plan described in Note 8 below, the vesting of certain options and RSAs was accelerated as described in the agreements previously entered into by the former employees and resulted in an increase of share-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 of   $7.0 million   and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
  During the second quarter of 2015, in connection with the resignation of a former Chief Executive Officer of the Company from the Company's board of directors (the "Board"), the Company modified the terms of awards previously granted to such Board member. This modification allowed for the continuation of vesting of options despite his resignation from the Board, and resulted in a net increase of share-based compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 of   $3.1 million   and is recorded in other operating expenses. 
  Subsequent Events 
  On October 3, 2016, the Board approved an amended Long-Term Incentive ( LTI ) program for 2016 and 2017, pursuant to which   7,087,374   stock options and   1,361,794   restricted stock units were granted. and which program contemplates the issuance of approximately   3,577,780   performance-based restricted stock units ("PBRSUs"), although the actual number of PBRSUs has not been set and may be greater. The issuance of the PBRSUs remains subject to the Board establishing the performance criteria and goals and maximum target number of shares. One-half of the stock options, representing   3,543,687   shares of common stock, and all of the restricted stock units granted under the LTI program on such date were issued contingent upon stockholder approval of the amended and restatement Second Amended and and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Second A R 2010 Plan") at the Company s 2016 annual meeting of stockholders currently planned for December 2016 (the  2016 Annual Meeting ).  If stockholder approval is not obtained, such awards will be cancelled.   
  
    12 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

In the fourth quarter of 2016, in addition to the grants made under the LTI program, the Company issued   1,107,505   stock options and expects to issue   499,704   PBRSUs to certain executive officers and other highly valued non-executive employees of the Company (although the actual number of PBRSUs has not been set and may be greater), provided that the issuance of such PBRSUs remain subject to the Board establishing the performance criteria and goals and maximum target number of shares.  Such stock options were issued contingent upon stockholder approval of the Second A R 2010 Plan at the 2016 Annual Meeting, and the future issuance of such PBRSUs will also be contingent upon such stockholder approval.  
   
  NOTE 8   OTHER 
  Other costs are comprised of reorganization-related and certain other costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred   $0.5 million   and   $20.0 million   in other costs, respectively.  For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred   $4.0 million   and   $5.9 million   in other costs, respectively.  
    
  Reorganization-related 
  During the second quarter of 2016, the Company initiated a restructuring plan consisting of reductions in its workforce in order to align the size and composition of its workforce to its current client base, better position itself for already committed future growth, and enable the Company to more efficiently serve contracted demand  .   Restructuring charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were   $(0.2) million   and   $5.0 million  . Restructuring charges for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily consisted of   $2.5 million   in severance and employee benefits and related expenses,   $0.7 million   related to facility charges, and   $1.8 million   of non-cash expense related to share based compensation expense for the acceleration of existing RSAs for affected employees. The Company incurred restructuring charges of   $2.4 million   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company s reorganization liability activity is included in accrued compensation and benefits and other accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
  The Company s reorganization liability activity was as follows (in thousands): 

Other 
    
  During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred other costs of   $0.0 million   and   $13.3 million  , respectively, primarily related to incentive payments and legal fees paid in connection with the closing of the Transaction with Ascension Health Alliance and TowerBrook that was completed on February 16, 2016 (see Note 10). In addition, the Company incurred   $0   and   $0.9 million   for additional contributions to the Company's defined contribution plan for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred other costs of   $0.7 million   primarily related to the restatement of its previously issued consolidated financial statements (the "restatement'). For the three and nine  
  
    13 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred other costs of   $0.7 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, primarily related to the restatement.  Restatement related costs are primarily legal, accounting and consulting costs. 

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES 
  Income tax provisions for interim periods are based on estimated annual income tax rates, adjusted to reflect the effects of any significant infrequent or unusual items which are required to be discretely recognized within the current interim period.  The Company s intention is to permanently reinvest its foreign earnings outside the United States.  As a result, the effective tax rates in the periods presented are largely based upon the projected annual pre-tax earnings by jurisdiction and the allocation of certain expenses in various taxing jurisdictions where the Company conducts its business. These taxing jurisdictions apply a broad range of statutory income tax rates. 
    
  The income tax expense and benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were higher than the amount derived by applying the federal statutory tax rate of   35%   primarily due to the impact of state taxes. The tax rate is also impacted by discrete items that may occur in any given period. 
    
                  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income taxes as well as income taxes in multiple state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company's 2013, 2012, and 2011 U.S. federal income tax returns are currently under examination. State jurisdictions have various open tax years.  The statutes of limitations for most states range from three to six years. 
    
  During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, the Company wrote-off approximately   $10.0 million   and   $13.8 million   of deferred tax assets due to the expiration and exercise of shared-based awards.  The additional paid-in capital was reduced by the corresponding amount. 
    
  The decrease in the Company s deferred tax assets in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 is due primarily to the contractual revenue recognition event related to Ascension.  This event reduced the deferred customer billings deferred tax asset by approximately   $137.4 million   during the reporting period, offset by additions to deferred customer billings. 
  At December 31, 2015, the Company had deferred tax assets of   $300.8 million  , of which   $48.2 million   related to net operating loss carryforwards.  The majority of these carryforwards were generated in 2013, 2014 and 2015 when the Company incurred substantial expenses related to the restatement. On February 16, 2016, the Company entered into the A R MPSA with Ascension, effective February 16, 2016 with a term of   10   years.  Pursuant to the A R MPSA and with certain limited exceptions, the Company will become the exclusive provider of RCM services and PAS with respect to acute care services provided by the hospitals affiliated with Ascension that execute supplement agreements with the Company.  At September 30, 2016, the Company believes its deferred tax assets will be realizable.  Should the additional business with Ascension that the Company anticipates receiving in connection with the A R MPSA not be as profitable as expected, such realizability assessment may change. 
   
  NOTE 10   8% SERIES A CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK  
  At the close of the Transaction on February 16, 2016 (as described in Note 1), the Company issued to TCP-ASC ACHI Series LLLP, a limited liability limited partnership jointly owned by Ascension Health Alliance and TowerBrook (the  Investor ): (i)   200,000   shares of Preferred Stock, for an aggregate price of   $200 million  , and (ii) a warrant with a term of   ten   years to acquire up to   60 million   shares of common stock, par value   $0.01   per share ( common stock ), at an exercise price of   $3.50   per share, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Warrant Agreement ( Warrant ). The Preferred Stock is immediately convertible into shares of common stock.  
    
  The Company incurred direct and incremental expenses of   $21.3 million   (including   $14.0 million   in closing fees paid to the Investor) relating to financial advisory fees, closing costs, legal expenses and other offering-related expenses in connection with the Transaction. These direct and incremental expenses reduced the carrying amount of  
  
    14 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

the Preferred Stock. In connection with the issuance of the Preferred Stock, a beneficial conversion feature of   $48.3 million   was recognized. Since the Preferred Stock is presently convertible into common stock, this amount was subsequently accreted to the carrying amount of the Preferred Stock, and treated as a deemed preferred stock dividend in the calculation of earnings per share. 
    
  Dividend Rights 
    
  The holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to receive cumulative dividends January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year (dividend payment dates), commencing on April 1, 2016, at a rate equal to   8%   per annum (preferred dividend) multiplied by the liquidation preference per share, initially   $1,000   per share adjusted for any unpaid cumulative preferred dividends.  For the first   seven years   after issuance, the dividends on the Preferred Stock will be paid-in-kind. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had accrued dividends of   $6.1 million   associated with the Preferred Stock of which   $6.0 million   was paid in additional shares of Preferred Stock and   $0.001 million   was paid in cash in October.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the dividends that were paid, or accrued, in additional shares of Preferred Stock totaled   $10.2 million  . 
    
  Conversion Features 
    
  Each share of the Preferred Stock may be converted to common stock on any date at the option of the holder into the per share amount (as defined in the Certificate of Designations of the   8.00%   Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series A COD")). Fractional shares will be rounded to the nearest whole share.  

Redemption Rights 
    
  Since the redemption of the Preferred Stock is contingently or optionally redeemable and therefore not certain to occur, the Preferred Stock is not required to be classified as a liability under ASC 480,   Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  . As the Preferred Stock is redeemable at the option of the holders upon a fundamental change (as defined in the Series A COD) and is redeemable in certain circumstances upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the Company's control, the Company has classified the Preferred Stock in mezzanine equity on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
    
  Voting Rights 
    
  Each holder of the Preferred Stock is entitled to vote with the common stock on an as-converted basis, and has full voting rights and powers equal to the voting rights and powers of the holders of common stock. 
    
  The following summarizes the Preferred Stock activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016: 

NOTE 11   EARNINGS PER SHARE  
  Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income, less any dividends, accretion or decretion, redemption or induced conversion on the Preferred Stock, by the weighted average number of common shares  
  
    15 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

outstanding during the period. As the Preferred Stock participates in dividends alongside the Company s common stock (per their participating dividends), the Preferred Stock would constitute participating securities under ASC 260-10 and are applied to earnings per share using the two-class method. Under this method, all earnings (distributed and undistributed) are allocated to common shares and participating securities based on their respective rights to receive dividends. 
  Diluted net income per share is calculated using the more dilutive of the if-converted or the two-class method. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the two-class method was more dilutive and was computed by adjusting the denominator used in the basic net income per share computation by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period plus, when their effect is dilutive, incremental shares consisting of shares subject to stock options, shares issuable upon vesting of RSAs and Preferred Stock.  
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share available to common shareholders for the   three and nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively (in thousands, except share and per share data). 

Because of their anti-dilutive effect,   12,967,519   and   21,991,062   common share equivalents comprised of stock options and RSAs have been excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively.  Stock options and RSAs totaling   16,706,526   and   21,992,062   were not included in the computation of diluted income per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as these options and awards were anti-dilutive. 
   
  NOTE 12   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  
  Legal Proceedings  
  
    16 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

The Company is subject to various claims, other pending and possible legal actions for product liability and other damages, and other matters arising out of the conduct of the Company s business. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews material legal claims against the Company. The Company accrues for the costs of such claims as appropriate and in the exercise of its judgment and experience. However, due to a lack of factual information available to the Company about a claim, or the procedural stage of a claim, it may not be possible for the Company to reasonably assess either the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome of the claim or to reasonably estimate the amount of loss should there be an unfavorable outcome. Therefore, for many of the claims, the Company cannot estimate a range of loss.  The Company believes, based on current knowledge and after consultation with counsel, that the outcome of such claims and actions will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial position. However, in the event of unexpected future developments, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of such matters, if unfavorable, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
  Other than as described below, the Company is not presently a party to any material litigation or regulatory proceeding and is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation or regulatory proceeding against the Company which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
  On February 11, 2014, the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama (  Church v. Accretive Health, Inc  .). The primary allegation is that the Company attempted to collect debts without providing the notice required by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA"). On November 24, 2015, the federal district court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment and dismissed the case with prejudice.  Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal on December 21, 2015.  The appeal was decided July 6, 2016, and the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the case with prejudice, finding that the Company is not a debt collector as defined in the FDCPA. 
  On July 22, 2014, the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (  Anger v. Accretive Health, Inc  .). The primary allegations are that the Company attempted to collect debts without providing the notice required by the FDCPA and Michigan Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and failed to abide by the terms of an agreed payment plan in violation of those same statutes. On August 27, 2015, the Court granted in part and denied in part the Company s motion to dismiss.  An amended complaint was filed on November 30, 2015.  Discovery is underway, but on July 15, 2016, the court postponed all deadlines in the case as the parties attempt to finalize a confidential agreement in principle to settle the case.  The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims, if the settlement in principle is not finalized.  
  In April 2015, the Company was named among other defendants in an employment action brought by a former employee before the Maine Human Rights Commission ("MHRC"), alleging that she was improperly terminated in retaliation for uncovering alleged Medicare fraud.  The Company filed its response with the MHRC on May 19, 2015 seeking that the Company be dismissed entirely from the action.  On June 23, 2015, the MHRC issued its Notice of Right to Sue and decision to terminate its process with respect to all charges asserted by the former employee. The Plaintiff has filed a parallel   qui tam   action in the District of Maine (  Worthy v. Eastern Maine Healthcare Systems  ) in which she makes the same allegations.  The U.S. Department of Justice declined to intervene in the federal court action, and the case was unsealed in April 2015. The Company and other defendants filed motions to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint on March 21, 2016. Those motions are now fully briefed and awaiting decision by the federal district court. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to both the  employment law-related retaliation claim for which the MHRC has granted the Notice of Right to Sue letter and the federal   qui tam   case, and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims. The outcomes are not presently determinable. 
  On June 17, 2015, the Company filed a confidential arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association against Salem Hospital for unpaid fees due under the parties  Accretive Health Services Agreement. The case settled in August 2016 for an immaterial amount.  

17 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

In May 2016, the Company was served with a False Claims Act case brought by a former emergency department service associate who worked at a hospital of one of the Company s customers, MedStar Inc. s Washington Hospital Center ( WHC ), along with WHC and three other hospitals that were PAS clients and a place holder, John Doe hospital, representing all PAS clients (  USA ex rel. Graziosi vs. Accretive Health, Inc. et. al.)  .  The Second Amended Complaint alleges that the Company s PAS business violates the federal False Claims Act.  The case was originally filed under seal in 2013 in the federal district court in Chicago, was presented to the U.S. Attorney in Chicago twice, and the U.S. Attorneys declined to intervene.  The Company filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on July 29, 2016. Those motions are now fully briefed and awaiting decision by the federal district court. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to all claims in the case, and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims. The outcome is not presently determinable. 
   
  NOTE 13   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
  As a result of the closing of the Transaction on February 16, 2016 and     Ascension's ownership interest in the Investor, Ascension became a related party to the Company.  See Note 10,   8%   Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, for additional information. 
   The Company provides RCM services to Ascension. The execution of the A R MPSA, as discussed in Note 1, was a contractual settlement agreement of the prior Master Professional Services Agreement between the Company and Ascension.  Therefore, the Company recorded revenue of   $343.4 million   in connection with these services for the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  In addition to the revenue recorded related to the execution of the A R MPSA, the Company recorded revenue from services provided to Ascension of   $22.7   and   $22.8   for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. At September 30, 2016, the Company had   $124.1   in current portion of customer liabilities for a related party, consisting of   $31.8 million   in current accrued service costs,   $7.5 million   in current customer deposits and   $84.8 million   in current deferred customer billings. The Company had   $62.8 million   in non-current portion of customer liabilities for a related party related to deferred customer billings as of September 30, 2016.   
  As part of the transition of Ascension personnel to the Company in conjunction with the A R MPSA, the Company has agreed to reimburse Ascension for certain severance and retention costs related to certain Ascension employees who will not be transitioned to the Company.  The Company has accrued   $1.5 million   in accrued compensation and benefits at September 30, 2016 related to these costs. 
  As Ascension is the Company's largest customer, a significant percentage of the Company's cost of services is associated with providing services to Ascension. However, due to the nature of the Company's shared services and information technology operations, it is impractical to assign the dollar amount associated with services provided to Ascension.  
   
  NOTE 14   DEFERRED CONTRACT COSTS 
  Eligible, one-time, nonrecurring costs associated with the initial phases of the Ascension A R MPSA and with the transition of additional Ascension hospitals are deferred and subsequently amortized. The costs related to transition or setup activities for personnel, process, and systems are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected period of benefit.  At September 30, 2016, the Company had   $2.8 million   in deferred eligible costs and did   no  t have any eligible costs deferred at December 31, 2015.  These deferred costs are included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets.  Any contracts entered into by the Company having similar characteristics will be accounted for in a similar manner.  
   
  NOTE 15   SEGMENTS AND CUSTOMER CONCENTRATIONS 
  The Company has determined that it has a single operating segment in accordance with how its business activities are managed and evaluated. All of the Company s significant operations are organized around the single business of providing end-to-end management services of revenue cycle operations for U.S.-based hospitals and other medical providers. Accordingly, for purposes of segment disclosures, the Company has only   one   reporting segment. All of the Company s net services revenue and trade accounts receivable are derived from healthcare providers domiciled in the United States. 
  
    18 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
  Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   (Continued) 

Hospital systems affiliated with Ascension have accounted for a significant portion of the Company s net services revenue each year since the Company s formation. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, net services revenue from hospitals affiliated with Ascension accounted for   18%   of the Company's total net services revenue. For the three months ended September 30, 2016,   one   customer, unaffiliated with Ascension, accounted for   70%   of the Company's total net services revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, net services revenue from hospitals affiliated with Ascension accounted for   75%   of the Company's total net services revenue.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,   one   customer, unaffiliated with Ascension, accounted for   18%   of the Company's total net services revenue. The Company did   no  t have any revenue associated with Ascension for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  For the three months and nine months ended September, 30, 2015,   three   different customers, unaffiliated with Ascension, accounted for   59%   and   54%   of the Company's total net services revenue, respectively. The Ascension system, through its individual customer contracts with the Company, accounted for   69%   and   75%   of the Company s total deferred customer billings at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. The loss of customers within the Ascension health system would have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations.  
  As of September 30, 2016, the Company had a concentration of credit risk with   one   customer, unaffiliated with Ascension, accounting for   33%   of accounts receivable.The Company did not have a concentration of credit risk within accounts receivable as reported in the consolidated balance sheets with any one large customer at    December 31, 2015  . 
  
    19 

ITEM 2. 
    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
       
  Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to  Accretive Health,   the Company,   we,   our,  and  us  mean Accretive Health, Inc., and its subsidiaries. 
  The following discussion and analysis is an integral part of understanding our financial results and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Also refer to Note 1 of our condensed consolidated financial statements. 
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the federal securities laws, that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   plan,   predict,   project,   would  and similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors,  in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and elsewhere in this Report, as well as those set forth in Part I, Item 1A of the 2015 10-K as well as our other filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q represent our views as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Subsequent events and developments may cause our views to change. While we may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
  OVERVIEW 
  Our Business 
  We are a leading provider of services that help healthcare providers generate sustainable improvements in their operating margins and cash flows while also improving patient, physician and staff satisfaction for our customers.  Our goal is to help our healthcare provider customers deliver high-quality care and serve their communities, and do so in a financially sustainable way. We help our customers more efficiently manage their revenue cycle process and strive to help prepare them for the evolving dynamics of the healthcare industry, particularly the challenges and opportunities presented by the shift to value-based reimbursement which is designed to reward the value, rather than the volume, of healthcare services provided. 
  While we cannot control the changes in the regulatory environment imposed on our customers, we believe that our role becomes increasingly more important to our customers as macroeconomic, regulatory and healthcare industry conditions continue to impose financial pressure on healthcare providers to manage their operations effectively and efficiently. 
  RCM continues to be our primary service offering. Our RCM offering helps our customers more efficiently manage their revenue cycle process. This encompasses patient registration, insurance and benefit verification, medical treatment documentation and coding, bill preparation and collections. We focus on optimizing our customers  entire, end-to-end revenue cycle process, which we believe is more advantageous than alternative approaches that merely focus on certain aspects or sub-processes within the revenue cycle. Our PAS offering complements our RCM offering by strengthening our customers' compliance with certain third-party payer requirements and limiting denials of claims. For example, our PAS offering helps customers determine whether to classify a hospital visit as an in-patient or an out-patient observation case for billing purposes. Additionally, we believe that we can leverage our RCM capabilities to help providers navigate and optimize their performance within value-based payment models, and that we are well positioned to help our clients adapt to evolving value-based reimbursement structures.    
  We operate our business as a single segment configured with our significant operations and offerings organized around the business of providing end-to-end RCM services to U.S.-based hospitals and other healthcare providers. 

20 

Business Update  
  In December 2015, we announced the Transaction with Ascension Health Alliance and TowerBrook, which closed on February 16, 2016. As part of the Transaction, we entered into the A R MPSA with Ascension, effective February 16, 2016 with a term of ten years.  Pursuant to the A R MPSA and with certain limited exceptions, we will become the exclusive provider of RCM services and PAS with respect to acute care services provided by the hospitals affiliated with Ascension that execute supplement agreements with us.  
  We expect the Transaction to expand our relationship with Ascension, grow our overall business, and improve our ability to win customers outside of the Ascension hospital base. Under the A R MPSA, our RCM services for both Ascension hospitals that we currently service and Ascension hospitals that we intend to service will be transitioning to an outsourced business model, whereby a significant number of Ascension's revenue cycle employees will become our employees as we begin implementing the A R MPSA and providing our services to Ascension hospitals over a three year period.  As a result of the implementation of an outsourced business model in connection with the A R MPSA, we expect to expand our operations in the United States and off shore and intend to invest in technology, facilities and talent to support our anticipated growth.  Such outsourced business model will also require the transition of the non-payroll related expenses supporting Ascension's revenue cycle operations to direct expenses of Accretive Health.  These transitioned expenses have historically been managed by our infused management staff but remained on the hospitals  financial records.  This new in-house capability of managing these expenses will allow us to pursue new business opportunities which require an outsourced business model.  We believe the ten year term of the A R MPSA, together with the significant investment in Accretive Health by Ascension, our largest customer, will provide our business with stability and growth.  In addition, our management team will benefit from the oversight provided by having TowerBrook involved as a strategic investor. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  The following table provides consolidated operating results and other operating data for the periods indicated (unaudited): 

fav. - Favorable 
  unfav. - Unfavorable  
  
    21 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information  
  We typically invoice customers for base fees and incentive fees on a quarterly or monthly basis, and typically receive cash from customers on a similar basis. For GAAP reporting purposes, we only recognize these net operating fees and incentive fees as net services revenue to the extent that all the criteria for revenue recognition are met, which is generally upon contract renewal, termination or other contractual agreement. As such, net operating and incentive fees are typically recognized for GAAP purposes in periods subsequent to the periods in which the services are provided. Therefore, our net services revenue and other items in our GAAP consolidated financial statements and adjusted EBITDA will typically include the effects of billings and collections from periods prior to the period in which revenue is recognized.  
  In order to provide a more comprehensive understanding of the information used by our management team in financial and operational decision-making, we supplement our GAAP consolidated financial statements with the following non-GAAP financial measures: gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities, and adjusted EBITDA. 
  Our Board and management team use these non-GAAP measures as (i) one of the primary methods for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations; and (ii) as a performance evaluation metric in determining achievement of certain executive incentive compensation programs, as well as for incentive compensation plans for employees. 
  Selected Non-GAAP Measures  
  The following table presents selected non-GAAP measures for each of the periods indicated. See below for an explanation of how we calculate and use these non-GAAP measures, and for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measure.  

Gross and Net Cash Generated from Customer Contracting Activities 
  Gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities reflect the change in the deferred customer billings, relative to GAAP net services revenue, and adjusted EBITDA (defined below), respectively. Deferred customer billings include the portion of both (i) invoiced or accrued net operating fees and (ii) cash collections of incentive fees, in each case, that have not met our revenue recognition criteria. Deferred customer billings are included in the detail of our customer liabilities balance in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Deferred customer billings are reduced by the amounts of revenue recognized when a revenue recognition event occurs. Gross cash generated from customer contracting activities is defined as GAAP net services revenue, plus the change in deferred customer billings. Accordingly, gross cash generated from customer contracting activities is the sum of (i) invoiced or accrued net operating fees, (ii) cash collections on incentive fees and (iii) other services fees. 
  Net cash generated from customer contracting activities is defined as adjusted EBITDA, plus the change in deferred customer billings. 
  These non-GAAP measures are used throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q including in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
  
    22 

Gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities include invoices issued to customers that may remain uncollected or may be subject to credits, and cash collected may be returned to our customers in the form of concessions or other adjustments. Customer concessions and other adjustments have occurred in the past and we cannot determine the likelihood that they will again occur in the future. 
  Adjusted EBITDA 
  We define adjusted EBITDA as net income before net interest income, income tax provision, depreciation and amortization expense, share-based compensation expense, reorganization-related expense and certain other items. The use of adjusted EBITDA to measure operating and financial performance is limited by our revenue recognition criteria, pursuant to which GAAP net services revenue is recognized at the end of a contract or "other contractual agreement event".  Adjusted EBITDA does not adequately match corresponding cash flows resulting from customer contracting activities. Accordingly, as described above, in order to better compare our cash flows from customer contracting activities to our operating performance, we use additional non-GAAP measures: gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities. We use adjusted EBITDA in our reconciliation of net cash generated from customer contracting activities to our GAAP consolidated financial statements. 
  We understand that, although non-GAAP measures are frequently used by investors, securities analysts, and others in their evaluation of companies, these measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are: 
             
       Gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities include invoiced or accrued net operating fees, and invoiced as well as collected incentive fees which may be subject to adjustment or concession prior to the end of a contract or "other contractual agreement event"; 
                
    Gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities include progress billings on incentive fees that have been collected for a number of our RCM contracts. These progress billings have, from time-to-time, been subject to adjustments, and the fees included in these non-GAAP measures may be subject to adjustments in the future; 
                
    Net cash generated from customer contracting activities and adjusted EBITDA do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
                
    Net cash generated from customer contracting activities and adjusted EBITDA do not reflect share-based compensation expense; 
                
    Net cash generated from customer contracting activities and adjusted EBITDA do not reflect income tax expenses or cash requirements to pay taxes; 
                
    Although depreciation and amortization charges are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and net cash generated from customer contracting activities and adjusted EBITDA do not reflect cash requirements for such replacements or other purchase commitments, including lease commitments; and 
                
    Other companies in our industry may calculate gross or net cash generated from customer contracting activities or adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
     
    23 

Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Measures    
  The following table represents a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA and gross and net cash generated from customer contracting activities to net income (loss), the most comparable GAAP measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except percentages).       

  fav. - Favorable 
  unfav. - Unfavorable  
  n.m. - Not meaningful 
           (1) 
    Share-based compensation expense represents the expense associated with stock options and restricted shares granted, as reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss). $1.8 million of non-cash expense related to share-based compensation expense for the acceleration of existing RSAs for employees affected by the Company's June restructuring and is included in Other. See Note 7, Share-Based Compensation, to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the detail of the amounts of share-based compensation expense.  
       
           (2) 
    Other costs are comprised of reorganization-related and certain other costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we incurred other costs of $0.5 million and $20.0 million, respectively. The costs incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily related to the incentive payments and legal fees paid in  
     
    24 

connection with the closing of the Transaction with Ascension Health Alliance and TowerBrook on February 16, 2016 of $13.3 million. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred other costs of $0.7 million primarily related to the restatement. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, we incurred other costs of $4.0 million and $5.9 million, respectively, primarily in restatement-related costs related to professional service fees. Restructuring charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 were $(0.2) million and $5.0 million.     We did not incur any reorganization-related costs during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred other costs of $0.7 million and $2.6 million, respectively, primarily related to the restatement.  Restatement related costs are primarily legal, accounting and consulting costs. 
    
           (3) 
    Deferred customer billings include the portion of both (i) invoiced or accrued net operating fees and (ii) cash collections on incentive fees, in each case, that have not met our revenue recognition criteria. Deferred customer billings are included in the detail of our customer liabilities account in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. Deferred customer billings are reduced by revenue recognized when revenue recognition occurs. Change in deferred customer billings represents the net change in the cumulative net operating fees and incentive fees that have not met revenue recognition criteria.  
      
  Three Months Ended   September 30, 2016   Compared to Three Months Ended   September 30, 2015 
  Net Services Revenue 
  Net services revenue increased by $  109.7 million  , to   $125.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $15.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase was predominantly driven by an increase in RCM net services revenue of $106.8 million due to RCM contractual agreement events and a $1.9 million increase due to an increase in fixed fee revenue. Additionally, there was a $1.0 million increase in other service fees primarily due to an increase in PAS revenue.  
  Gross Cash Generated from Customer Contracting Activities (Non-GAAP) 
  Gross cash generated from customer contracting activities for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased by   $4.3 million  , or   7.8%  , to   $59.7 million  , from   $55.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase was primarily related to an increase of $3.4 million in gross cash generated from RCM services  resulting from the movement toward fixed fee contracts and the transition to the A R MPSA. The transition to the A R MPSA results in change in classification of costs from an offset to Net Operating Fees to Cost of Services, resulting in an increase in gross cash generated. Additionally, other service fees increased by $1.0 million primarily due to an increase in PAS revenue. For an explanation of how we calculate gross cash generated from customer contracting activities, refer to the  Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Measures  above. 
  Costs of Services 
  Costs of services increased by $  2.1 million  , or   4.5%  , to   $47.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $45.3 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The increase in costs was primarily due to transition to the A R MPSA and implementation of International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Edition ("ICD-10"), a clinical cataloging system that went into effect for the U.S. healthcare industry on October 1, 2015. The transition to the A R MPSA results in change in classification of costs from an offset to Net Operating Fees to Cost of Services.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by   $5.2 million  , or   24.3%  , to   $16.2 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $21.4 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in share-based compensation expense of $5.7 million. During the third quarter of 2015, RSAs were granted and cash bonuses of $1.8 million were paid to those participants in the Company's 2014 annual cash incentive bonus plan who received all or a portion of their 2014 annual cash incentive award in the form of restricted shares of the Company's common stock.  No such expense was incurred for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
  
    25 

Net Cash Generated from Customer Contracting Activities (Non-GAAP)  
  Net cash generated from customer contracting activities was   $3.6 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.7 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . This increase of   $0.1 million   was primarily due to an increase in gross cash generated from customer contracting activities offset by an increase in cost of services as explained above. For an explanation of how we calculate net cash generated from customer contracting activities, refer to "Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Measures" above.  
  Other 
  Other costs decreased by   $3.4 million  , to   $0.5 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from   $4.0 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . This decrease was primarily attributable to costs 
  related to exploration of potential strategic alternatives and reorganization-related costs incurred in the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . No such expense was incurred for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Income Taxes  
  Tax expense increased by   $45.9 million   to a tax expense of   $24.1 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , from a benefit of   $21.8 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in pretax income. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   was 39.3% and 39.8%, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by changes in state tax rates and discrete items that may occur in any given period but not consistent from year to year. 
   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 
  Net Services Revenue 
  Net services revenue increased by   $437.5 million   to   $486.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from   $48.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily due to contractual agreement events related to Ascension and other RCM clients during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, resulting in revenue recognition of $450.2 million in net services revenue, partially offset by the recognition of revenue from contractual agreement events during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  
  Gross Cash Generated from Customer Contracting Activities (Non-GAAP) 
  Gross cash generated from customer contracting activities totaled   $138.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $  157.5 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a decrease of   $18.6 million  . The decrease in gross cash generated was primarily driven by RCM services, due to movement toward fixed fee contracts, reduction in the scope of services for certain customers and customer attrition. For an explanation of how we calculate gross cash generated from customer contracting activities, refer to the  Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Measures  above. 
  Costs of Services 
  Costs of services increased by   $7.3 million  , or   5.6%  , to   $137.6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from   $130.3 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in costs was primarily due to implementation of ICD-10, a clinical cataloging system that went into effect for the U.S. healthcare industry on October 1, 2015 and transition to the A R MPSA. Additionally, the transition to the A R MPSA has resulted in a change in classification of costs from an offset to Net Operating Fees to Cost of Services.  

26 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by   $1.3 million  , or   2.2%  , to   $58.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from   $59.7 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in stock compensation expense. 
  Net Cash Generated from Customer Contracting Activities (Non-GAAP)  
  Net cash generated from customer contracting activities totaled negative   $26.4 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to negative   $0.6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This change of $  25.8 million   was primarily due to a decrease in gross cash generated from customer contracting activites and an increase in cost of services as explained above. For an explanation of how we calculate net cash generated from customer contracting activities, refer to the "Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Measures" above.  
  Other 
  Other costs increased by   $14.1 million   to $  20.0 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from $  5.9 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily attributable to $13.3 million in costs related to incentive payments and legal fees paid in connection with the closing of the Transaction with Ascension Health Alliance and TowerBrook on February 16, 2016 and $3.2 million in reorganization-related costs and $1.8 million of share based compensation expense for the acceleration of existing RSAs for affected employees.  
  Income Taxes  
  Tax expense increased by   $163.7 million   to a tax expense of   $106.6 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, from a tax benefit of   $57.1 million   for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily due to an increase in pretax income. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 39.4% and 38.9%, respectively. Our tax rate is affected by discrete items that may occur in any given year, but not consistent from year to year.  
   
  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
  Management considers an accounting policy to be critical if the accounting policy requires management to make particularly difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. A summary of our critical accounting policies is included in Part II, Item 7 "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates" of our 2015 10-K. There have been no material changes to the critical accounting policies disclosed in our 2015 10-K.  
   
  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
  For additional information regarding new accounting guidance, see Note 2,  Recent Accounting Pronouncements, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which provides a summary of our recently adopted accounting standards and disclosures. 
   
  LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
  On February 16, 2016, in connection with the Transaction, the Investor invested $200 million in Accretive Health in exchange for the Preferred Stock and the Warrant, which was partially offset by issuance costs of $21.3 million. 
  
    27 

Our primary source of liquidity is cash flows from operations.  Given our current cash and cash equivalents and accounts receivable, we believe we will have sufficient funds to meet our operating, investing and financing needs for at least the next twelve months. 
  Our cash and cash equivalents were $201.9 million at   September 30, 2016   as compared to $103.5 million as of   December 31, 2015  .  Our cash and cash equivalents, at any time, include amounts paid to us in advance by customers for the purpose of reimbursing their revenue cycle operation costs.  See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in our 2015 10-K. 
  Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in our condensed consolidated statements of cash flows, are summarized in the following table (in thousands): 

Operating Activities 
  Cash used by operating activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   totaled   $69.2 million  , as compared to cash provided of   $6.5 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  .  The increase in cash used resulted from the decrease in net cash generated from customer contracting activities and unfavorable changes in working capital.   
  Investing Activities 
  Cash used in investing activities decreased by $8.9 million, from   $18.3 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , to   $9.4 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to a year-over-year decline in purchases of computer software and lower spending on leasehold improvements related the on-going build out of a new shared service center.  Cash used was offset by cash provided of $1.0 million from proceeds received from the maturation of short-term investments. 
  Financing Activities 
  Cash provided by financing activities increased to   $176.7 million   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , primarily due to investment of $200 million by the Investor offset by issuance costs of $21.3 million. 
  Future Capital Requirements  
  In connection with our strategic initiatives, we plan to continue to enhance customer service by increasing our investment in technology to enable our systems to more effectively integrate with our customers  existing technologies. We plan to continue to deploy resources to strengthen our information technology infrastructure in order to drive additional value for our customers. We also continue to invest in our shared services capabilities. We also plan on expanding our capabilities in India which will require investments. We may also selectively pursue acquisitions and/or strategic relationships that will enable us to broaden or further enhance our offerings. 
  Additionally, new business development remains a priority as we plan to continue to boost our sales and marketing efforts. We plan to continue to add experienced personnel to our sales organization, develop more disciplined sales processes, and create an integrated marketing capability.  
  
    28 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET OBLIGATIONS 
  We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
   
           ITEM 3. 
    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
     Interest Rate Sensitivity 
       
  Our interest income is primarily generated from interest earned on operating cash accounts. We do not enter into interest rate swaps, caps or collars or other hedging instruments. As a result, we believe that the risk of a significant impact on our operating income from interest rate fluctuations is not substantial. 
    
  Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
       
  Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Indian Rupee because a portion of our operating expenses are incurred by our subsidiary in India and are denominated in Indian Rupees. However, we do not generate any revenues outside of the United States. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, 8.2% and 4.7%, respectively, of our expenses were denominated in Indian Rupees. As a result, we believe that the risk of a significant impact on our operating income from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations is not substantial. 
   
           ITEM 4. 
    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
     Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act")) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
  In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based on our identification of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described in  Item 9A - Control and Procedures  in our 2015 10-K, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 
  During the first half of 2015, we spent considerable time, and deployed considerable resources, in redesigning our internal controls over financial reporting. Significant effort was expended in the second half of 2015 implementing and executing the new controls. In light of the above timeline, we are unable to demonstrate the sustainability of the controls we have implemented and are therefore unable to conclude that we have remediated our material weaknesses; however, we continue to invest significant time and resources and take actions to remediate material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 
    
  While our remediation efforts continue, we have relied on and will continue to rely on extensive, temporary manual procedures and other measures as needed to assist us with meeting the objectives otherwise fulfilled by an effective internal control environment. These procedures include, but are not limited to: 

Execution of a more thorough and repeatable financial statement close process, thereby allowing us to conduct additional analysis and substantive procedures, including preparation of account reconciliations  
     
    29 

and making additional adjustments as necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of our financial reporting; and 

Hiring additional resources with relevant accounting experience, skills and knowledge, working under our supervision and direction to assist with our remediation efforts. 
       
  Notwithstanding the existence of the material weaknesses as described in our 2015 10-K, we believe that the consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods, presented, in conformity with GAAP. 
  Remediation of Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  Our management is committed to the planning and implementation of remediation efforts to address all material weaknesses as well as other identified areas of risk. These remediation efforts, summarized below, which are implemented, in the process of being implemented or are planned for implementation, are intended to address the identified material weaknesses and to enhance our overall financial control environment. 
    
  During 2014 and 2015, numerous changes were made throughout our organization and significant actions have been undertaken to reinforce the significance of a strong control environment, including training and other steps designed to strengthen and enhance our control culture. 
    
  To remediate the control environment deficiencies identified herein, our leadership team, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, has reaffirmed and reemphasized the importance of internal control, control consciousness and a strong control environment. In addition, we have developed and implemented a remediation plan to address the material weakness. 
    
  Our plan included the following actions: 
             
    adopted new accounting policies for revenue recognition and software capitalization; 
                
    implemented periodic reviews with the relevant internal process owners of tangible and intangible asset acquisitions and dispositions to ensure proper accounting; 
                
    established a contract governance committee to oversee all contracting activity; 
                
    completed the implementation of a more robust contract governance structure to assure appropriate administration, compliance and accounting treatment for new or amended contract terms; 
                
    established a contracting boundaries protocol to clarify the delegation of contracting authority to personnel involved in establishing customer contract terms; 
                
    appointed experienced professionals to key leadership positions; 
                
    established a new reporting structure with more clearly defined accountabilities; 
                
    hired additional accounting personnel with appropriate backgrounds and skill sets, including professionals with certified public accountant qualifications, master s degrees and public accounting experience and created new positions for a Director of Revenue and a Director of Taxes; 
                
    implemented a new internal reporting model and performance metrics based on cash flow performance; 
                
    centralized certain accounting functions and revised organizational structures to enhance accurate reporting and ensure appropriate accountability; 
     
    30 

established a formal delegation of authority from the Board to management with further delegation to accountable personnel; 
                
    expanded the use of our financial reporting systems to facilitate more robust analysis of operating performance, budgeting and forecasting; and 
                
    strengthened our current disclosure committee with formalized processes to enhance the transparency of our external financial reporting. 
     Our management believes that meaningful progress has been made against remaining remediation efforts; although timetables vary, management regards successful completion as an important priority. Remaining remediation activities that we have begun to execute against in 2016 include: 
     implementing and executing a year-round internal controls testing and monitoring program; 
     strengthening information technology general controls; 
     enhancing our Sarbanes-Oxley compliance procedures; and 
     finalizing our transition to the 2013 COSO framework. 
  When implemented, operational and demonstrated to be repeatable and sustainable, our management believes the measures described above will remediate the control deficiencies we have identified and strengthen our internal control over financial reporting. We are committed to improving our internal control processes and intend to continue to review and improve our financial reporting controls and procedures. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, we may take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify, or in appropriate circumstances not to complete, certain of the remediation measures described above. 
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
  Other than matters discussed in this Item 4, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting since our 2015 10-K that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     Other than as described below, the Company is not presently a party to any material litigation or regulatory proceeding and is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation or regulatory proceeding against the Company which, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
  On February 11, 2014, the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Alabama (  Church v. Accretive Health, Inc  .). The primary allegation is that the Company attempted to collect debts without providing the notice required by the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act ("FDCPA"). On November 24, 2015, the federal district court granted the Company's motion for summary judgment and dismissed the case with prejudice.  Plaintiff filed a notice of appeal on December 21, 2015.  The appeal was decided July 6, 2016, and the Eleventh Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed the dismissal of the case with prejudice, finding that the Company is not a debt collector as defined in the FDCPA. 
  On July 22, 2014, the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (  Anger v. Accretive Health, Inc  .). The primary allegations are that the Company attempted to collect debts without providing the notice required by the FDCPA and Michigan Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and failed to abide by the terms of an agreed payment plan in violation of those same statutes. On August 27, 2015, the Court granted in part and denied in part the Company s motion to dismiss.  An amended complaint was filed on November 30, 2015.  Discovery is underway, but on July 15, 2016, the court postponed all deadlines in the case as the parties attempt to finalize a confidential agreement in principle to settle the case.  The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims, if the settlement in principle is not finalized.  
  In April 2015, the Company was named among other defendants in an employment action brought by a former employee before the Maine Human Rights Commission ("MHRC"), alleging that she was improperly terminated in retaliation for uncovering alleged Medicare fraud.  The Company filed its response with the MHRC on May 19, 2015 seeking that the Company be dismissed entirely from the action.  On June 23, 2015, the MHRC issued its Notice of Right to Sue and decision to terminate its process with respect to all charges asserted by the former employee. The Plaintiff has filed a parallel   qui tam   action in the District of Maine (  Worthy v. Eastern Maine Healthcare Systems  ) in which she makes the same allegations.  The U.S. Department of Justice declined to intervene in the federal court action, and the case was unsealed in April 2015. The Company and other defendants filed motions to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint on March 21, 2016. Those motions are now fully briefed and awaiting decision by the federal district court. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to both the  employment law-related retaliation claim for which the MHRC has granted the Notice of Right to Sue letter and the federal   qui tam   case, and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims. The outcomes are not presently determinable. 
  On June 17, 2015, the Company filed a confidential arbitration demand with the American Arbitration Association against Salem Hospital for unpaid fees due under the parties  Accretive Health Services Agreement. The case settled in August 2016 for an immaterial amount.  
    
  In May 2016, the Company was served with a False Claims Act case brought by a former emergency department service associate who worked at a hospital of one of the Company s customers, MedStar Inc. s Washington Hospital Center ( WHC ), along with WHC and three other hospitals that were PAS clients and a place holder, John Doe hospital, representing all PAS clients (  USA ex rel. Graziosi vs. Accretive Health, Inc. et. al.)  .  The Second Amended Complaint alleges that the Company s PAS business violates the federal False Claims Act.  The case was originally filed under seal in 2013 in the federal district court in Chicago, was presented to the U.S. Attorney in Chicago twice, and the U.S. Attorneys declined to intervene.  The Company filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on July 29, 2016. The motions are now fully briefed and awaiting decision by the  
  
    32 

federal district court. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to all claims in the case, and intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims. The outcome is not presently determinable. 
   
           ITEM 1A. 
    RISK FACTORS  
     There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our 2015 10-K.  The risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our 2015 10-K, in addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results.  Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we deem to be immaterial could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results. 
   
           ITEM 2. 
    UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
     Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
  For July 1, 2016 through September 30, 2016, we granted options to purchase an aggregate of 817,898 shares of our common stock with the below exercise prices per share.  We did not issue any shares of restricted stock during the three months ended September 30, 2016 to employees and directors pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan and/or in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 ("Securities Act") provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as sales by an issuer not involving any public offering, as set forth in the tables below. No underwriters were involved in the foregoing transactions. All of such unregistered shares of common stock are deemed restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act. No such options have been exercised. 
    
  The following table sets forth the dates on which such options were granted and the number of shares of 
  common stock subject to such options, the exercise price and the number of employees and directors granted 
  options on each date from July 1, 2016 through   September 30, 2016  : 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
  The following table provides information about our repurchases of common stock during the periods indicated (in thousands, except share and per share data): 

33 

(1) 
    Repurchases of our common stock related to employees  tax withholding upon vesting of RSAs. See Note 7, Share-Based Compensation, to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form   10-Q.     
      (2) 
    On November 13, 2013, our Board announced that it authorized, subject to the completion of the restatement, the repurchase of up to $50.0 million of our common stock from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, (the"2013 Repurchase Program"). The timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the 2013 Repurchase Program will be determined by our management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The 2013 Repurchase Program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. We currently intend to fund any repurchases from cash on hand. We did not repurchase any shares of common stock under the 2013 Repurchase Program during the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

In connection with the Transaction, we issued shares of Preferred Stock and the Warrant to the Investor. This issuance and sale was exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Investor represented to us that it is an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501 of the Securities Act and that the Preferred Stock and the Warrant were being acquired for investment purposes and not with a view to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends will be affixed to any certificates evidencing the shares of Preferred Stock, the Warrant or any common stock issued upon conversion thereof. 
  
    34 

ITEM 6. 
    EXHIBITS  

35 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                   Date: 
    November 2, 2016 
    ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
    /s/  Joseph Flanagan 

Joseph Flanagan 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

By: 
    /s/  Christopher Ricaurte 

Christopher Ricaurte  

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

36 

<EX-10.2>
 2
 exhibit102-formofrsuagreem.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 

GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
  PURSUANT TO THE 
  ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC.  
  AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 

*  *  *  *  * 
    
  Participant: [                      ]       
    
  Grant Date:   [                         ] 
    
  Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted: [                ] 
    
  *  *  *  *  * 
    
    THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ), dated as of the Grant Date specified above, is entered into by and between Accretive Health, Inc., a corporation organized in the State of Delaware (the    Company   ), and the Participant specified above, pursuant to the Accretive Health, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the    Plan   ), which is administered by the Board; and 
    
  WHEREAS,   it has been determined under the Plan that it would be in the best interests of the Company to grant the Restricted Stock Units (   RSUs   ) provided herein to the Participant. 
    
  NOW, THEREFORE,   in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows: 
  1.  Grant of Restricted Stock Units  .  In consideration of services rendered and to be rendered to the Company by the Participant, the Company has granted to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, as of the Grant Date specified above, an Award consisting of the number of RSUs specified above.  Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the Participant agrees and understands that nothing contained in this Agreement provides, or is intended to provide, the Participant with any protection against potential future dilution of the Participant s interest in the Company for any reason, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect of the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or this Agreement. 
  2.        Vesting  .   
  (a)        Vesting  .  Subject to the provisions of   Sections 2(b) and 2(c)   below, the RSUs subject to this Award shall become vested as follows, provided that the Participant has not ceased  

Exhibit 10.2 

to perform services to the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, prior to each such vesting date: 

There shall be no proportionate or partial vesting in the periods prior to each vesting date and all vesting shall occur only on the appropriate vesting date, subject to the Participant s continued performance of services to the Company through each applicable vesting date. 
    
  (b)        Board Discretion to Accelerate Vesting  .  In addition to the foregoing, the Board may, in its sole discretion, accelerate vesting of the RSUs at any time and for any reason. 
  (c)        Forfeiture  .  In the event that the Participant ceases to perform services to the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, all of the RSUs that are unvested as of the time of such cessation shall be forfeited immediately and automatically to the Company, without the payment of any consideration to the Participant, effective as of such cessation. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are so forfeited.  If the Participant provides services to a subsidiary of the Company, any references in this Agreement to provision of services to the Company shall instead be deemed to refer to service with such subsidiary. 
  (d)        [  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 2(a), 2(b) or 2(c) above, in the event that a  Change in Control  (as defined below) occurs while the Participant remains in the continued employment of the Company,   [  fifty percent (50%) of the unvested portion of this Award outstanding at the time of such Change in Control shall become immediately vested upon the occurrence of such Change in Control.  In addition to the foregoing, in the event of the Participant s termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason following the occurrence of a Change in Control, any unvested portion of this option outstanding at the time of such termination shall become vested as of the date of such termination.  ][  this Award shall become fully vested if, within the twelve month period following the date of the consummation of such Change of Control, the Participant s employment with the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation is terminated for Good Reason by the Participant or is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation  ]]  . 
    
           (a) 
    For purposes of Section 2(d) above, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth opposite such terms below: 

Exhibit 10.2 

(i) 
       Change of Control    shall mean (A) the consummation of any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the company issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any), (B) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a Third Party Purchaser, (C) any sale of a majority of the voting shares of the Company to a Third Party Purchaser or (D) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a    Change of Control    shall not be deemed to have occurred if, in the event of a recapitalization, consolidation or merger (including a reverse merger) of the Company, (i) persons who, as of the date immediately prior to such recapitalization, consolidation or merger, constitute the Company s Board of Directors constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors following such recapitalization, consolidation or merger and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as of the date hereof remains as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors following such recapitalization, consolidation or merger  . 
              (ii) 
       Cause    shall have the meaning set forth in any equity award agreement between the Company and the Participant, and if not so defined, then  Cause  shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter or other agreement between the Company and the Participant and if not so defined, then  Cause  shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan. 
              (iii) 
       Good Reason    shall have the meaning set forth in any agreement between  the Company and the Participant and if not so defined, then shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the Participant s prior written consent: (A) any change in the Participant s position, title or reporting relationship with the Company from and after a Change in Control that diminishes in any material respect the authority, duties or responsibilities of the Participant as in effect immediately preceding the Change of Control, as the case may be; (B) any material reduction in the Participant s annual base compensation from and after such Change of Control or (C) relocation of Participant s primary work location by more than 50 miles from its then current location.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Good Reason  shall not be deemed to have occurred unless (x) the Participant provides the Company with written notice that the Participant intends to terminate employment for one of the grounds set forth in subsections (A) or (B) within sixty (60) days of such ground(s) arising, (y) if such ground is capable of being cured, the Company has failed to cure such ground within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such written notice, and (z) the Participant terminates employment within six (6) months from the date that Good Reason first occurs. 
              (iv) 
       Person    shall mean any individual, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding (a) the Company and any of its subsidiaries, (b) any employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan maintained by the Company and (c) an underwriter or underwriting syndicate that has acquired the Company s securities solely in connection with a public offering thereof.    

Exhibit 10.2 

(e)           Third Party Purchaser    shall mean any Person or group of Persons, none of whom is, immediately prior to the subject transaction, a stockholder of the Company or an Affiliate of a stockholder of the Company.. 
  3.        Delivery of Shares  . 
  (a)        General  .  Subject to the provisions of   Section 3(b)   hereof, within thirty (30) days following the vesting of the RSUs, the Participant shall receive the number of shares of common stock that correspond to the number of RSUs that have become vested on the applicable vesting date, less any shares withheld by the Company pursuant to   Section 8   hereof. 
  (b)        Blackout Periods  . If the Participant is subject to any Company  blackout  policy or other trading restriction imposed by the Company on the date such distribution would otherwise be made pursuant to   Section 3(a)   hereof, such distribution shall be instead made on the earlier of (i) the date that the Participant is not subject to any such policy or restriction and (ii) the later of (A) the end of the calendar year in which such distribution would otherwise have been made and (B) a date that is immediately prior to the expiration of two and one-half months following the date such distribution would otherwise have been made hereunder. 
  4.        Restrictions on Transfer  .  No portion of the RSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, encumbered, hypothecated or pledged by the Participant, other than to the Company as a result of forfeiture of the RSUs as provided herein, except that the Participant may transfer such unvested RSUs: (a) to or for the benefit of any spouse, children, parents, uncles, aunts, siblings, grandchildren and any other relatives approved by the Compensation Committee (collectively,    Approved Relatives   ) or to a trust established solely for the benefit of the Participant and/or Approved Relatives,   provided   that such RSUs shall remain subject to this Agreement (including without limitation the vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in   Section 2   and the restrictions on transfer set forth in this   Section 4  ) and such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (b) as part of the sale of all or substantially all of the shares of capital stock of the Company (including pursuant to a merger or consolidation).  The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any of the RSUs which have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of the RSUs or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom such RSUs have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
  5.        Restrictive Legends  .  The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates, if any, representing shares of common stock issued pursuant to this Agreement.  The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates, if any, representing shares of common stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this   Section 5  . 
  6.        Rights as Stockholder  .  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of common stock covered by any RSU unless and until the Participant has become the holder of record of such shares.  Cash dividends  

Exhibit 10.2 

on the number of shares of common stock issuable hereunder shall be credited to a dividend book entry account on behalf of the Participant with respect to each RSU granted to the Participant,   provided   that such cash dividends shall not be deemed to be reinvested in shares of common stock and shall be held uninvested and without interest and paid in cash at the same time that the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs are delivered to the Participant in accordance with the provisions hereof.  Stock dividends on shares of common stock shall be credited to a dividend book entry account on behalf of the Participant with respect to each RSU granted to the Participant,   provided   that such stock dividends shall be paid in shares of common stock at the same time that the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs are delivered to the Participant in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
  7.        Provisions of the Plan  .  This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan (including, without limitation, any amendments thereto adopted at any time and from time to time unless such amendments are expressly intended not to apply to the RSUs awarded hereunder), a copy of which is furnished to the Participant with this Agreement.  Except as provided otherwise herein, any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as is ascribed thereto in the Plan.  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
  8.        Withholding  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the RSUs. On each date on which the RSUs vest, the Company shall deliver written notice to the Participant of the amount of withholding taxes due with respect to the vesting of the RSUs that vest on such date. The Participant shall satisfy such tax withholding obligations by transferring to the Company, on each date on which RSUs vest under this Agreement, such number of shares that are issuable on such date as have a fair market value (calculated using the last reported sale price of the common stock of the Company on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, as applicable (or, if the Company s common stock is not then traded on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, then on any other United States stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is then listed, or otherwise as reported through the facilities of the OTC Markets Group, Inc.) on the trading date immediately prior to such vesting date) equal to the amount of the Company s tax withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of such RSUs (such withholding method, a    Surrender   ), unless, prior to any vesting date, the Compensation Committee determines that a Surrender shall not be available to the Participant, in which case, the Participant shall be required to satisfy the Participant s tax obligations hereunder in a manner permitted by the Plan upon the vesting date. 
  9.        Restrictive Covenants  . 
  (a)        General  .  This award represents a substantial economic benefit to the Participant. The Participant, by virtue of such Participant's role with the Company, has access to, and is involved in the formulation of, certain confidential and secret information of the Company  

Exhibit 10.2 

regarding its operations and each Participant could materially harm the business of the Company by competing with the Company or soliciting employees or customers of the Company 
  (b)        Non-Solicitation  . During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the Participant ceases to perform services for the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation: 
  (i)           Hire, recruit, solicit or otherwise attempt to employ or retain or enter into any business relationship with, any person who is or was an employee of the Company within the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the cessation of Participant s service with the Company; or 
  (ii)           Solicit the sale of any products or services that are similar to or competitive with products or services offered by, manufactured by, designed by, or distributed by Company, to any person, company or entity which was or is a customer or potential customer of Company for such products or services. 
  (c)        Non-Disclosure  . 
  (i)           Participant will not, without the Company s prior written permission, directly or indirectly, utilize for any purpose other than for a legitimate business purpose solely on behalf of the Company, or directly or indirectly, disclose to anyone outside of the Company, either during or after Participant s relationship with the Company ends, the Company s Confidential Information, as long as such matters remain Confidential Information. 
  (ii)           This Agreement shall not prohibit Participant from (A) revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to law enforcement, (B) disclosing or discussing concerns regarding regulatory or legal compliance with any governmental agency or entity to the extent that such disclosures or discussions are protected under any whistleblower protection provisions of Federal or state laws or regulations or (C) divulging the Company s Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction. However, Participant shall promptly inform the Company of any such situations and shall take such reasonable steps to prevent disclosure of the Company s Confidential Information until the Company has been informed of such requested disclosure and the Company has had an opportunity to respond to the court or agency. 
  (d)        Return of Company Property  .  Participant agrees that, in the event that Participant s service to the Company is terminated for any reason, Participant shall immediately return all of the Company s property, including without limitation, (i) tools, pagers, computers, printers, key cards, documents or other tangible property of the Company, and (ii) the Company s Confidential Information in any media, including paper or electronic form, and Participant shall not retain in Participant s possession any copies of such information. 

Exhibit 10.2 

(e)        Ownership of Software and Inventions  . All discoveries, designs, improvements, ideas, inventions, software, whether patentable or copyrightable or not, shall be works-made-for-hire and Company shall be deemed the sole owner throughout the universe of any and all rights of whatsoever nature therein, with the rights to use the same in perpetuity in any manner the Company determines in its sole discretion without any further payment to Participant whatsoever. If, for any reason, any of such results and proceeds which relate to the business shall not legally be a work-for-hire and/or there are any rights which do not accrue to the Company under the preceding sentence, then Participant hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to quitclaim any and all of Participant s right, title and interest thereto including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trademarks and/or other rights of whatsoever nature therein, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed to the Company, and the Company shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner the Company determines without any further payment to Participant whatsoever. Participant shall, from time to time, as may be reasonably requested by the Company, at the Company s expense, do any and all things which the Company may deem useful or desirable to establish or document the Company s exclusive ownership of any and all rights in any such results and proceeds, including, without limitation, the execution of appropriate copyright and/or patent applications or assignments. To the extent Participant has any rights in the results and proceeds of Participant s services that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Participant unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, works developed by the Participant (i) which are developed independently from the work developed for the Company regardless of whether such work was developed before or after the Participant performed services for the Company; or (ii) applications independently developed which are unrelated to the business and which Participant develops during non-business hours using non-business property shall not be deemed work for hire and shall not be the exclusive property of the Company. 
  (f)        Non-Competition. 
  (i)           During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the cessation of Participant s service to the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation, within the Restricted Area, own, manage, operate, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be employed by or provide services to, any entity which is in competition with the Company. 
  (ii)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this Paragraph (f) prohibits Participant from being a passive owner of not more than one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation which is publicly traded, so long as Participant has no active participation in the business of such corporation. 
  (g)        Acknowledgments  . Participant acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement with respect to time, geographical area and scope of activity are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other  

Exhibit 10.2 

legitimate business interests of the Company and that the Participant has had the opportunity to review the provisions of this Agreement with his legal counsel. In particular, the Participant agrees and acknowledges (i) that the Company is currently engaging in business and actively marketing its services and products throughout the United States, (ii) that Participant s duties and responsibilities for the Company are co-extensive with the entire scope of the Company's business, (iii) that the Company has spent significant time and effort developing and protecting the confidentiality of its methods of doing business, technology, customer lists, long term customer relationships and trade secrets, and (iv) that such methods, technology, customer lists, customer relationships and trade secrets have significant value. 
  (h)        Enforcement  . The Participant agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business, the Confidential Information, customer relationships and goodwill of the Company and are considered by the Participant to be reasonable for that purpose and that the scope of restricted activities, the geographic scope and the duration of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement are considered by the Participant to be reasonable. The Participant further agrees that any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement would cause the Company substantial, continuing and irrevocable harm for which money damages would be inadequate and therefore, in the event of any such breach or any threatened breach, in addition to such other remedies as may be available, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief. This Agreement shall not in any way limit the remedies in law or equity otherwise available to the Company or its Affiliates. The Participant further agrees that to the extent any provision or portion of the restrictive covenants of this Agreement shall be held, found or deemed to be unreasonable, unlawful or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary in order that any such provision or portion thereof shall be legally enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Without limitation to any other remedies available hereunder or at law in the event of any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement by Participant, the Participant agrees that (i) any shares of Restricted Stock issued by the Company to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall be forfeited for no consideration and (ii) in the event that the Participant sold the shares of Restricted Stock issued to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, then the Participant shall be required to pay to the Company in cash, within thirty (30) days of a request by the Company for such payment, the price at which the Participant sold the shares. 
  (i)        Severability; Modification  . It is expressly agreed by Participant that: 
  (i)           Modification  . If, at the time of enforcement of this Agreement, a court holds that the duration, geographical area or scope of activity restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing or impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other business interests of the Company, Participant agrees that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such circumstances will be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court will be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum duration, scope and area permitted by law, in all cases giving effect to the intent of the parties that the restrictions contained herein be given effect to the broadest extent possible; and 

Exhibit 10.2 

(ii)           Severability  . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under applicable law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
  (j)        Non-Disparagement  .   Participant understands and agrees that Participant will not disparage the Company, its officers, directors, administrators, representatives, employees, contractors, consultants or customers and will not engage in any communications or other conduct which might interfere with the relationship between the Company and its current, former, or prospective employees, contractors, consultants, customers, suppliers, regulatory entities, and/or any other persons or entities. 
  (k)        Definitions  . 
  (i)           Confidential Information  .    Confidential Information    as used in this Agreement shall include the Company s trade secrets as defined under Illinois law, as well as any other information or material which is not generally known to the public, and which (A) is generated, collected by or utilized in the operations of the Company s business and relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company; or (B) is suggested by or results from any task assigned to Participant by the Company or work performed by Participant for or on behalf of the Company.  Confidential Information shall not be considered generally known to the public if Participant or others improperly reveal such information to the public without the Company s express written consent and/or in violation of an obligation of confidentiality to the Company. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, all customer, client, supplier and vendor lists, budget information, contents of any database, contracts, product designs, technical know-how, engineering data, pricing and cost information, research and development work, software, business plans, proprietary data, projections, market research, perceptual studies, strategic plans, marketing information, financial information (including financial statements), sales information, training manuals, employee lists and compensation of employees, and all other competitively sensitive information with respect to the Company, whether or not it is in tangible form, and including without limitation any of the foregoing contained or described on paper or in computer software or other storage devices, as the same may exist from time to time. 
  (ii)           Restricted Area.   For purposes of this Agreement, the term    Restricted Area    shall mean the United States of America. 
  10.        Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)        Compliance with Laws  .  The grant of RSUs and the issuance of shares of common stock hereunder shall be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and in each case any respective  

Exhibit 10.2 

rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law, rule regulation or exchange requirement applicable thereto.  The Company shall not be obligated to issue the RSUs or any shares of common stock pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements.  As a condition to the settlement of the RSUs, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation. 
  (b)        Authority of Compensation Committee  . In making any decisions or taking any actions with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement, the Compensation Committee shall have all of the authority and discretion, and shall be subject to all of the protections, provided for in the Plan. All decisions and actions by the Compensation Committee with respect to this Agreement shall be made in the Compensation Committee s discretion and shall be final and binding on the Participant. 
  (c)        No Right to Continued Service  . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the fact that the vesting of the RSUs is contingent upon his or her continued service to the Company, this Agreement does not constitute an express or implied promise of continued service relationship with the Participant or confer upon the Participant any rights with respect to a continued service relationship with the Company. 
  (d)        Acquired Rights  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time; (b) the award of RSUs made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or grant and is made at the sole discretion of the Company; (c) no past grants or awards (including, without limitation, the RSUs awarded hereunder) give the Participant any right to any grants or awards in the future whatsoever; and (d) any benefits granted under this Agreement are not part of the Participant s ordinary salary, and shall not be considered as part of such salary in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation. 
  (e)        Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any applicable conflicts of laws provisions. 
  (f)        Exclusive Jurisdiction/Venue  . All disputes that arise from or relate to this Agreement shall be decided exclusively by binding arbitration in Cook County, Illinois under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The parties agree that the arbitrator s award shall be final, and may be filed with and enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disputes related to the enforcement of the restrictive covenants contained in   Section 9   of this Agreement shall be subject to and determined under Delaware law and adjudicated in Illinois courts. 
  (g)        Notices  .  Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the General Counsel     of the Company.  Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be given to the Participant in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof at such address as the Participant may have on file with the Company. 

Exhibit 10.2 

(h)        Headings  .  The titles and headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. 
  (i)        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
  (j)        Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
  (k)        Binding Agreement; Assignment  .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company and its successors and assigns.  The Participant shall not assign any part of this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Company. 
  (l)        Entire Agreement; Amendment  .  This Agreement, together with the Plan, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or prior understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter.  The Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or amend this Agreement from time to time in accordance with and as provided in the Plan.  This Agreement may also be modified or amended by a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant.  The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such modification or amendment of this Agreement as soon as practicable after the adoption thereof. 
  (m)        Further Assurances  .  Each party hereto shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as either party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder. 
  [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]    

Exhibit 10.2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
    
  ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC. 

By:                           
    
  Name:                           
    
  Title:                           

I hereby acknowledge that I have read this Agreement, have received and read the Plan, and understand and agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

PARTICIPANT ACCEPTANCE 
    
  __________________________________ 
                              [Name of Participant] 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 exhibit103-formofpbrsu.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.3 

GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (PERFORMANCE SHARES) 
  PURSUANT TO THE 
  ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC.  
  AMENDED AND RESTATED 2010 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN 
    
  *  *  *  *  * 
    
  Participant:    [____________] 
  Grant Date:    [____________] 
  Target Number of Restricted Stock Units (the    Target RSUs   ):        [____________] 
  Maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant to this Agreement (the    Maximum Shares   ):    [____________].   1   
  *  *  *  *  * 
    THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (PERFORMANCE SHARES)   (this    Agreement   ), dated as of the Grant Date specified above, is entered into by and between Accretive Health, Inc., a corporation organized in the State of Delaware (the    Company   ), and the Participant specified above, pursuant to the Accretive Health, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as in effect and as amended from time to time (the    Plan   ), which is administered by the Board;  
    WHEREAS  , it has been determined under the Plan that it would be in the best interests of the Company to grant the Restricted Stock Units (   RSUs   ) provided herein to the Participant. 
  NOW, THEREFORE,   in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby mutually covenant and agree as follows:  
  1.  Grant of Restricted Stock Units  .  In consideration of services rendered and to be rendered to the Company by the Participant, the Company has granted to the Participant, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, as of the Grant Date specified above, an Award consisting of the number of Target RSUs specified above, with the actual number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to this Award contingent upon satisfaction of the vesting conditions described in   Section 2   hereof, subject to   Section 3  , but not to exceed the Maximum Shares.  Except as otherwise provided by the Plan, the Participant agrees and understands that nothing contained in this Agreement provides, or is intended to provide, the Participant with any protection against potential future dilution of the Participant s interest in the Company for any reason, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect of the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs, except as otherwise specifically provided for in the Plan or this Agreement.    The RSUs awarded hereunder are intended to qualify as  performance-based compensation  within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, and this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted consistent with such intents. 

1                 NTD: Maximum Shares to equal 150% of the Target RSUs. 

Exhibit 10.3 

2.        Vesting  . 
  (a)        The RSUs subject to this Award shall be subject to both a time-based vesting condition (the    Time-Based Condition   ) and a performance-based vesting condition (the    Performance Condition   ), as described herein.  Except as expressly provided herein, none of the RSUs (or any portion thereof) shall be  vested  for purposes of this Agreement unless and until both the Time-Based Condition and the Performance Condition for such RSUs are satisfied.  The number of RSUs that are  vested  for purposes of this Agreement at any time shall equal the product of (i) the number of the RSUs that have satisfied the Time-Based Condition and (ii) the percentage level at which the Performance Condition has been satisfied. 
  (i)        The Time-Based Condition for the RSUs shall be satisfied on [              ]   2   , subject to the Participant not ceasing to perform services to the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, prior to such date.  There shall be no proportionate or partial satisfaction of the Time-Based Condition prior to such date. 
  (ii)        The percentage level at which the Performance Condition shall be satisfied shall be based upon the level at which [                     ]   3    (as defined below) performance goal is satisfied, as determined pursuant to the table below.   
                   Level of Performance 
    [Performance Measure] 
    Percentage for which the Performance Condition is Satisfied 
      Threshold 
    [___]th Percentile 
    []% 
      Target 
    [___]th Percentile 
    []% 
      Maximum 
    [___]th Percentile 
    []% 

For purposes of this   Section 3(a)  , the term    [Performance Measure]    shall mean [                ], as determined for the period beginning [              ]   4    and ending [               ]   5    (the    Performance Period   ), as determined by the Board in its reasonable discretion.  The    Target    level associated with the   [Performance Measure]   shall be established by the Board, and will be communicated in writing separately to the Participant by the Company within thirty (30) days following the date first above written.   
  For the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall the Performance Condition be deemed satisfied unless the   [Performance Measure]   equals or exceeds the threshold level provided in the table above.  To the extent that the actual   [Performance Measure]   is  

2    the performance period end date 
       3    the performance measure selected in accordance with Section9(c) of the Plan 
       4    performance period start date 
       5    performance period end date 

2 

    Exhibit 10.3 

between the threshold and target levels or between the target and maximum levels described in the table above, the percentage at which the Performance Condition is satisfied shall be determined on a pro rata basis using straight-line interpolation;   provided   that the Performance Condition shall not be satisfied and no Target RSUs shall become vested if the actual   [Performance Measure]   is less than the threshold level of performance; and   provided  ,   further  , that the maximum number of Target RSUs that satisfy the Performance Condition shall not exceed 150% of the Target RSUs. 
  (b)        Forfeiture  .  In the event that the Participant ceases to perform services to the Company for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, all of the RSUs that are unvested as of the time of such cessation shall be forfeited immediately and automatically to the Company, without the payment of any consideration to the Participant, effective as of such cessation. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any RSUs that are so forfeited.  If the Participant provides services to a subsidiary of the Company, any references in this Agreement to provision of services to the Company shall instead be deemed to refer to service with such subsidiary.  Further, any RSUs that do not become fully vested as of the end of the Performance Period shall expire immediately following the date that the Board determines the level at which the Performance Condition is satisfied. 
   
  3.        Delivery of Shares  .  Following the satisfaction of both the Time-Based Condition and the Performance Condition with respect to any part of the RSUs granted hereunder, the Participant shall receive the number of shares of common stock that correspond to the number of such RSUs, which shall be delivered no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which or with respect to which both such vesting conditions were satisfied. 
   
  4.        Restrictions on Transfer  .  No portion of the RSUs may be sold, assigned, transferred, encumbered, hypothecated or pledged by the Participant, other than to the Company as a result of forfeiture of the RSUs as provided herein, except that the Participant may transfer such unvested RSUs: (a) to or for the benefit of any spouse, children, parents, uncles, aunts, siblings, grandchildren and any other relatives approved by the Compensation Committee (collectively,    Approved Relatives   ) or to a trust established solely for the benefit of the Participant and/or Approved Relatives,   provided   that such RSUs shall remain subject to this Agreement (including without limitation the vesting and forfeiture provisions set forth in   Section 2   and the restrictions on transfer set forth in this   Section 4  ) and such permitted transferee shall, as a condition to such transfer, deliver to the Company a written instrument confirming that such transferee shall be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (b) as part of the sale of all or substantially all of the shares of capital stock of the Company (including pursuant to a merger or consolidation).  The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any of the RSUs which have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as owner of the RSUs or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom such RSUs have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
  5.        Restrictive Legends  .  The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates, if any, representing shares of common stock issued pursuant to this Agreement.  The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates, if any, representing shares  
  
   3 

    Exhibit 10.3 

of common stock acquired pursuant to this Agreement in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this   Section 5  . 
  6.        Rights as Stockholder  .  Except as otherwise provided herein, the Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares of common stock covered by any RSU unless and until the Participant has become the holder of record of such shares.  Cash dividends on the number of shares of common stock issuable hereunder shall be credited to a dividend book entry account on behalf of the Participant with respect to each RSU granted to the Participant,   provided   that such cash dividends shall not be deemed to be reinvested in shares of common stock and shall be held uninvested and without interest and paid in cash at the same time that the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs are delivered to the Participant in accordance with the provisions hereof.  Stock dividends on shares of common stock shall be credited to a dividend book entry account on behalf of the Participant with respect to each RSU granted to the Participant,   provided   that such stock dividends shall be paid in shares of common stock at the same time that the shares of common stock underlying the RSUs are delivered to the Participant in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
  7.        Provisions of the Plan  .  This Agreement is subject to the provisions of the Plan (including, without limitation, any amendments thereto adopted at any time and from time to time unless such amendments are expressly intended not to apply to the RSUs awarded hereunder), a copy of which is furnished to the Participant with this Agreement.  Except as provided otherwise herein, any capitalized term not defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as is ascribed thereto in the Plan.  The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a true copy of the Plan and that the Participant has read the Plan carefully and fully understands its content.  In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
  8.        Tax Matters  . 
  (a)        Withholding  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company has the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to the Participant any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to the vesting of the RSUs. On each date on which the RSUs vest, the Company shall deliver written notice to the Participant of the amount of withholding taxes due with respect to the vesting of the RSUs that vest on such date. The Participant shall satisfy such tax withholding obligations by transferring to the Company, on each date on which RSUs vest under this Agreement, such number of shares that are issuable on such date as have a fair market value (calculated using the last reported sale price of the common stock of the Company on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, as applicable (or, if the Company s common stock is not then traded on the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, then on any other United States stock exchange upon which the Company s common stock is then listed, or otherwise as reported through the facilities of the OTC Markets Group, Inc.) on the trading date immediately prior to such vesting date) equal to the amount of the Company s tax withholding obligation in connection with the vesting of such RSUs (such withholding method, a    Surrender   ), unless, prior to any vesting date, the Compensation Committee determines that a Surrender shall not be available to the Participant, in which case, the  
  
        4 

    Exhibit 10.3 

Participant shall be required to satisfy the Participant s tax obligations hereunder in a manner permitted by the Plan upon the vesting date. 
  (b)        Section 409A  .  Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Plan to the contrary, the RSUs are intended to be exempt from the applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code and shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent as is reasonable under the circumstances. 
  9.        Restrictive Covenants  . 
  (a)  General  .  This award represents a substantial economic benefit to the Participant. The Participant, by virtue of such Participant's role with the Company, has access to, and is involved in the formulation of, certain confidential and secret information of the Company regarding its operations and each Participant could materially harm the business of the Company by competing with the Company or soliciting employees or customers of the Company 
  (b)  Non-Solicitation  . During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the Participant ceases to perform services for the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation: 
  (i)           Hire, recruit, solicit or otherwise attempt to employ or retain or enter into any business relationship with, any person who is or was an employee of the Company within the twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the cessation of Participant s service with the Company; or 
  (ii)           Solicit the sale of any products or services that are similar to or competitive with products or services offered by, manufactured by, designed by, or distributed by Company, to any person, company or entity which was or is a customer or potential customer of Company for such products or services. 
  (c)  Non-Disclosure  . 
  (i)           Participant will not, without the Company s prior written permission, directly or indirectly, utilize for any purpose other than for a legitimate business purpose solely on behalf of the Company, or directly or indirectly, disclose to anyone outside of the Company, either during or after Participant s relationship with the Company ends, the Company s Confidential Information, as long as such matters remain Confidential Information. 
  (ii)           This Agreement shall not prohibit Participant from (A) revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to law enforcement, (B) disclosing or discussing concerns regarding regulatory or legal compliance with any governmental agency or entity to the extent that such disclosures or discussions are protected under any whistleblower protection provisions of Federal or state laws or regulations or (C) divulging the Company s Confidential Information by order of court or agency of competent jurisdiction. However,  
  
        5 

    Exhibit 10.3 

Participant shall promptly inform the Company of any such situations and shall take such reasonable steps to prevent disclosure of the Company s Confidential Information until the Company has been informed of such requested disclosure and the Company has had an opportunity to respond to the court or agency. 
  (d)  Return of Company Property  .  Participant agrees that, in the event that Participant s service to the Company is terminated for any reason, Participant shall immediately return all of the Company s property, including without limitation, (i) tools, pagers, computers, printers, key cards, documents or other tangible property of the Company, and (ii) the Company s Confidential Information in any media, including paper or electronic form, and Participant shall not retain in Participant s possession any copies of such information. 
  (e)  Ownership of Software and Inventions  . All discoveries, designs, improvements, ideas, inventions, software, whether patentable or copyrightable or not, shall be works-made-for-hire and Company shall be deemed the sole owner throughout the universe of any and all rights of whatsoever nature therein, with the rights to use the same in perpetuity in any manner the Company determines in its sole discretion without any further payment to Participant whatsoever. If, for any reason, any of such results and proceeds which relate to the business shall not legally be a work-for-hire and/or there are any rights which do not accrue to the Company under the preceding sentence, then Participant hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to quitclaim any and all of Participant s right, title and interest thereto including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trademarks and/or other rights of whatsoever nature therein, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed to the Company, and the Company shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner the Company determines without any further payment to Participant whatsoever. Participant shall, from time to time, as may be reasonably requested by the Company, at the Company s expense, do any and all things which the Company may deem useful or desirable to establish or document the Company s exclusive ownership of any and all rights in any such results and proceeds, including, without limitation, the execution of appropriate copyright and/or patent applications or assignments. To the extent Participant has any rights in the results and proceeds of Participant s services that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Participant unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, works developed by the Participant (i) which are developed independently from the work developed for the Company regardless of whether such work was developed before or after the Participant performed services for the Company; or (ii) applications independently developed which are unrelated to the business and which Participant develops during non-business hours using non-business property shall not be deemed work for hire and shall not be the exclusive property of the Company. 
  (f)  Non-Competition. 
  (i)           During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the cessation of Participant s service to the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation, within  
  
        6 

    Exhibit 10.3 

the Restricted Area, own, manage, operate, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be employed by or provide services to, any entity which is in competition with the Company. 
  (ii)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this Paragraph (f) prohibits Participant from being a passive owner of not more than one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation which is publicly traded, so long as Participant has no active participation in the business of such corporation. 
  (g)  Acknowledgments  . Participant acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement with respect to time, geographical area and scope of activity are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of the Company and that the Participant has had the opportunity to review the provisions of this Agreement with his legal counsel. In particular, the Participant agrees and acknowledges (i) that the Company is currently engaging in business and actively marketing its services and products throughout the United States, (ii) that Participant s duties and responsibilities for the Company are co-extensive with the entire scope of the Company's business, (iii) that the Company has spent significant time and effort developing and protecting the confidentiality of its methods of doing business, technology, customer lists, long term customer relationships and trade secrets, and (iv) that such methods, technology, customer lists, customer relationships and trade secrets have significant value. 
  (h)  Enforcement  . The Participant agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business, the Confidential Information, customer relationships and goodwill of the Company and are considered by the Participant to be reasonable for that purpose and that the scope of restricted activities, the geographic scope and the duration of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement are considered by the Participant to be reasonable. The Participant further agrees that any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement would cause the Company substantial, continuing and irrevocable harm for which money damages would be inadequate and therefore, in the event of any such breach or any threatened breach, in addition to such other remedies as may be available, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief. This Agreement shall not in any way limit the remedies in law or equity otherwise available to the Company or its Affiliates. The Participant further agrees that to the extent any provision or portion of the restrictive covenants of this Agreement shall be held, found or deemed to be unreasonable, unlawful or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary in order that any such provision or portion thereof shall be legally enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Without limitation to any other remedies available hereunder or at law in the event of any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement by Participant, the Participant agrees that (i) any shares of Restricted Stock issued by the Company to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall be forfeited for no consideration and (ii) in the event that the Participant sold the shares of Restricted Stock issued to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, then the Participant shall be required to pay to the Company in cash, within thirty (30) days of a request by the Company for such payment, the price at which the Participant sold the shares. 
  
        7 

    Exhibit 10.3 

(i)  Severability; Modification  . It is expressly agreed by Participant that: 
  (i)           Modification  . If, at the time of enforcement of this Agreement, a court holds that the duration, geographical area or scope of activity restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing or impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other business interests of the Company, Participant agrees that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such circumstances will be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court will be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum duration, scope and area permitted by law, in all cases giving effect to the intent of the parties that the restrictions contained herein be given effect to the broadest extent possible; and 
  (ii)           Severability  . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under applicable law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
  (j)  Non-Disparagement  .   Participant understands and agrees that Participant will not disparage the Company, its officers, directors, administrators, representatives, employees, contractors, consultants or customers and will not engage in any communications or other conduct which might interfere with the relationship between the Company and its current, former, or prospective employees, contractors, consultants, customers, suppliers, regulatory entities, and/or any other persons or entities. 
  (k)  Definitions  . 
  (i)           Confidential Information  .    Confidential Information    as used in this Agreement shall include the Company s trade secrets as defined under Illinois law, as well as any other information or material which is not generally known to the public, and which (A) is generated, collected by or utilized in the operations of the Company s business and relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company; or (B) is suggested by or results from any task assigned to Participant by the Company or work performed by Participant for or on behalf of the Company.  Confidential Information shall not be considered generally known to the public if Participant or others improperly reveal such information to the public without the Company s express written consent and/or in violation of an obligation of confidentiality to the Company. Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, all customer, client, supplier and vendor lists, budget information, contents of any database, contracts, product designs, technical know-how, engineering data, pricing and cost information, research and development work, software, business plans, proprietary data, projections, market research, perceptual studies, strategic plans, marketing information, financial information (including financial statements), sales information, training manuals, employee lists and compensation of employees, and all other competitively sensitive information with respect to the Company, whether or not it is in tangible form, and including without limitation any of the foregoing  
  
        8 

    Exhibit 10.3 

contained or described on paper or in computer software or other storage devices, as the same may exist from time to time. 
  (ii)           Restricted Area.   For purposes of this Agreement, the term    Restricted Area    shall mean the United States of America. 
  10.        Miscellaneous  . 
  (a)        Compliance with Laws  .  The grant of RSUs and the issuance of shares of common stock hereunder shall be subject to, and shall comply with, any applicable requirements of any foreign and U.S. federal and state securities laws, rules and regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and in each case any respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and any other law, rule regulation or exchange requirement applicable thereto.  The Company shall not be obligated to issue the RSUs or any shares of common stock pursuant to this Agreement if any such issuance would violate any such requirements.  As a condition to the settlement of the RSUs, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation. 
  (b)        Authority of Compensation Committee  . In making any decisions or taking any actions with respect to the matters covered by this Agreement, the Compensation Committee shall have all of the authority and discretion, and shall be subject to all of the protections, provided for in the Plan. All decisions and actions by the Compensation Committee with respect to this Agreement shall be made in the Compensation Committee s discretion and shall be final and binding on the Participant. 
  (c)        No Right to Continued Service  . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding the fact that the vesting of the RSUs is contingent upon his or her continued service to the Company, this Agreement does not constitute an express or implied promise of continued service relationship with the Participant or confer upon the Participant any rights with respect to a continued service relationship with the Company. 
  (d)        Acquired Rights  .  The Participant acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time; (b) the award of RSUs made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or grant and is made at the sole discretion of the Company; (c) no past grants or awards (including, without limitation, the RSUs awarded hereunder) give the Participant any right to any grants or awards in the future whatsoever; and (d) any benefits granted under this Agreement are not part of the Participant s ordinary salary, and shall not be considered as part of such salary in the event of severance, redundancy or resignation. 
  (e)        Governing Law  . This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without regard to any applicable conflicts of laws provisions. 
  (f)        Exclusive Jurisdiction/Venue  . All disputes that arise from or relate to this Agreement shall be decided exclusively by binding arbitration in Cook County, Illinois under the  
  
        9 

    Exhibit 10.3 

Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The parties agree that the arbitrator s award shall be final, and may be filed with and enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disputes related to the enforcement of the restrictive covenants contained in   Section 9   of this Agreement shall be subject to and determined under Delaware law and adjudicated in Illinois courts. 
  (g)        Notices  .  Any notice hereunder by the Participant shall be given to the Company in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof by the   [General Counsel]   of the Company.  Any notice hereunder by the Company shall be given to the Participant in writing and such notice shall be deemed duly given only upon receipt thereof at such address as the Participant may have on file with the Company. 
  (h)        Headings  .  The titles and headings of the various sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. 
  (i)        Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
  (j)        Severability  .  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in such jurisdiction or the validity, legality or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction, it being intended that all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
  (k)        Binding Agreement; Assignment  .  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, be binding upon, and be enforceable by the Company and its successors and assigns.  The Participant shall not assign any part of this Agreement without the prior express written consent of the Company. 
  (l)        Entire Agreement; Amendment  .  This Agreement, together with the Plan, contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein, and supersedes all prior agreements or prior understandings, whether written or oral, between the parties relating to such subject matter.  The Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to modify or amend this Agreement from time to time in accordance with and as provided in the Plan.  This Agreement may also be modified or amended by a writing signed by both the Company and the Participant.  The Company shall give written notice to the Participant of any such modification or amendment of this Agreement as soon as practicable after the adoption thereof. 
  (m)        Further Assurances  .  Each party hereto shall do and perform (or shall cause to be done and performed) all such further acts and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as either party hereto reasonably may request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the Plan and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereunder. 
  
        10 

    Exhibit 10.3 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
  
        11 

Exhibit 10.3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 
  ACCRETIVE HEALTH, INC. 

By:                           
    
  Name:                           
    
  Title:                           

I hereby acknowledge that I have read this Agreement, have received and read the Plan, and understand and agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan. 

_____________________________ 
      PARTICIPANT  

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 4
 exhibit104-formofnonstatut.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.4

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.4 

Accretive Health, Inc. 
    
  Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement 
    
   GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
    
  For valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:  
    
  This Nonstatutory Stock Option Award is granted to the Participant pursuant to the Accretive Health, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (the    Plan   ).  The Plan is attached as   [  Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-34746) filed by the Company on August 20, 2015  ]  . 

1.    Grant of Option. 
    
  This Nonstatutory Stock Option Award Agreement (this    Agreement   ) evidences the grant by Accretive Health, Inc. (the    Company   ), on   [                    ]   (the    Grant Date   ), to the Participant, an [employee] of the Company, of an option to purchase, in whole or in part, on the terms provided herein and in the Plan,   [                ]   shares (the    Shares   ) of common stock, $0.01 par value per share, of the Company (   Common Stock   ) at an exercise price of $  [            ]   per share (the    Exercise Price   ).  Unless earlier terminated, this option shall expire at 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the    Final Exercise Date   ). 
    
  It is intended that the option evidenced by this agreement shall not be an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the    Code   ).  Except as otherwise indicated by the context, the term  Participant , as used in this option, shall be deemed to include any person who acquires the right to exercise this option validly under its terms. 

1 

Exhibit 10.4 

2.    Vesting Schedule.    
    
           (a) 
    This option will become exercisable as to 25% of the original number of Shares on the   [          ]   anniversary of the Grant Date (the    Vesting Commencement Date   ) and as to an additional 25% of the original number of Shares at the end of each successive anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date until the third anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date.  The right of exercise hereunder shall be cumulative so that to the extent that the option is not exercised in any period to the maximum extent permissible, it shall continue to be exercisable, in whole or in part, with respect to all Shares for which it is vested until the earlier of the Final Exercise Date and the termination of this option under Section hereof or the Plan. 
       
           (b) 
    For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Participant s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, this option shall not vest with respect to any Shares in excess of the number of Shares set forth opposite the last Vesting Date as of which Participant was continuously employed by the Company, and this option shall be immediately forfeited with respect to any remaining unvested Shares at the time of such termination. 
       
           (c) 
    [  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(a) or Section 2(b) above, in the event that a  Change in Control  (as defined below) occurs while the Participant remains in the continued employment of the Company,   [  fifty percent (50%) of the unvested portion of this Award outstanding at the time of such Change in Control shall become immediately vested and exercisable upon the occurrence of such Change in Control, and shall remain exercisable in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions hereof.  In addition to the foregoing, in the event of the Participant s termination of employment by the Company without Cause or by the Participant for Good Reason following the occurrence of a Change in Control, any unvested portion of this option outstanding at the time of such termination shall become vested and exercisable as of the date of such termination, and shall remain exercisable in accordance with the otherwise applicable provisions hereof.  ][  each Option (or, if applicable, any securities granted or issued to Participant in respect of such Option in connection with a Change in Control) shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable in full if, within the twelve month period following the date of the consummation of such Change of Control, the Participant s employment with the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation is terminated for Good  
     
   2 

Exhibit 10.4 

Reason by the Participant or is terminated without Cause by the Company or the acquiring or succeeding corporation  ]] 
    
           (d) 
    For purposes of Section 2(c) above, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth opposite such terms below: 
       
           (i) 
       Change of Control    shall mean (A) the consummation of any consolidation or merger of the Company where the stockholders of the Company, immediately prior to the consolidation or merger, would not, immediately after the consolidation or merger, beneficially own (as such term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Act), directly or indirectly, shares representing in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting shares of the company issuing cash or securities in the consolidation or merger (or of its ultimate parent corporation, if any), (B) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of transactions contemplated or arranged by any party as a single plan) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company to a Third Party Purchaser, (C) any sale of a majority of the voting shares of the Company to a Third Party Purchaser or (D) any liquidation or dissolution of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a    Change of Control    shall not be deemed to have occurred if, in the event of a recapitalization, consolidation or merger (including a reverse merger) of the Company, (i) persons who, as of the date immediately prior to such recapitalization, consolidation or merger, constitute the Company s Board of Directors constitute at least a majority of the Board of Directors following such recapitalization, consolidation or merger and (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Company as of the date hereof remains as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors following such recapitalization, consolidation or merger  . 
              (ii) 
       Cause    shall have the meaning set forth in any equity award agreement between the Company and the Participant, and if not so defined, then  Cause  shall have the meaning set forth in any employment agreement, offer letter or other agreement between the Company and the Participant and if not so defined, then  Cause  shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan. 
     
   3 

Exhibit 10.4 

(iii) 
       Good Reason    shall have the meaning set forth in any agreement between  the Company and the Participant and if not so defined, then shall mean the occurrence of any of the following without the Participant s prior written consent: (A) any change in the Participant s position, title or reporting relationship with the Company from and after a Change in Control that diminishes in any material respect the authority, duties or responsibilities of the Participant as in effect immediately preceding the Change of Control, as the case may be; (B) any material reduction in the Participant s annual base compensation from and after such Change of Control or (C) relocation of Participant s primary work location by more than 50 miles from its then current location.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,  Good Reason  shall not be deemed to have occurred unless (x) the Participant provides the Company with written notice that the Participant intends to terminate employment for one of the grounds set forth in subsections (A) or (B) within sixty (60) days of such ground(s) arising, (y) if such ground is capable of being cured, the Company has failed to cure such ground within a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such written notice, and (z) the Participant terminates employment within six (6) months from the date that Good Reason first occurs. 
              (iv) 
       Person    shall mean any individual, entity or group, within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but excluding (a) the Company and any of its subsidiaries, (b) any employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan maintained by the Company and (c) an underwriter or underwriting syndicate that has acquired the Company s securities solely in connection with a public offering thereof.    
              (v) 
       Third Party Purchaser    shall mean any Person or group of Persons, none of whom is, immediately prior to the subject transaction, a stockholder of the Company or an Affiliate of a stockholder of the Company. 
       
  3.    Exercise of Option. 
    
  (a)      Form of Exercise  .  Each election to exercise this option shall be in writing, signed by the Participant, and received by the Company at its principal office, accompanied by this agreement, and payment in full in the manner provided in the Plan.  Alternatively, the exercise can be effected using the software solution provided by the Company s option management software vendor, with payment in full in the manner provided in the Plan.  The Participant may purchase less than the number of shares covered hereby, provided that no partial exercise of this  
  
   4 

Exhibit 10.4 

option may be for any fractional share.  No Shares will be issued until the Participant has executed any and all agreements that the Company may require the Participant to execute in connection with such exercise and/or in connection with any transactions involving the Shares (for example, not by limitation, lock-up agreements and FINRA questionnaires). 
    
  (b)      Continuous Relationship with the Company Required  .  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, this option may not be exercised unless the Participant, at the time he or she exercises this option, is, and has been at all times since the Grant Date, an employee or officer of or consultant or advisor to, the Company or any other entity the employees, officers, directors, consultants, or advisors of which are eligible to receive option grants under the Plan (an    Eligible Participant   ). 
    
  (c)      Termination of Relationship with the Company  .  If the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Participant for any reason, then, except as provided in paragraph (d) below, the right to exercise this option shall terminate sixty (60) days after such cessation (but in no event after the Final Exercise Date),   provided   that this option shall be exercisable during such sixty (60) day period only to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise this option on the date of such cessation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant, prior to the Final Exercise Date, violates the non-competition or confidentiality provisions of any employment contract, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, including the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement, the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon such violation. 
    
  (d)      Termination for Cause  .  If, prior to the Final Exercise Date, the Participant s employment or other relationship with the Company is terminated by the Company for Cause (as such term is defined below), the right to exercise this option shall terminate immediately upon the effective date of such termination of employment or other relationship.   For purposes hereof, the term    Cause    shall mean any   willful misconduct by the Participant or willful failure by the Participant to perform his or her responsibilities to the Company (including, without limitation, breach by the Participant of any provision of any employment, consulting, advisory, nondisclosure, non-competition or other similar agreement between the Participant and the Company, and including the provisions of Section 6 of this Agreement), as determined by the Company, which determination shall be conclusive.      The Participant s employment or other relationship shall be deemed to have been terminated for  Cause  if the Company determines, within thirty (30) days after the Participant s resignation, that termination for Cause was warranted.  In the event that the Participant is terminated for Cause, the Company shall be entitled to pursue the remedies set forth in Section 6(h) of this Agreement. 
    
  4.    Withholding. 
    
  No Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of this option unless and until the Participant pays to the Company, or makes provision satisfactory to the Company for payment of, any federal, state or local withholding taxes required by law to be withheld in respect of this option. 

5 

Exhibit 10.4 

5.    Transfer Restrictions. 
    
  This option may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered by the Participant, either voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, and, during the lifetime of the Participant, this option shall be exercisable only by the Participant. 
    
  6.    Restrictive Covenants. 
    
  (a)      General  .  This option represents a substantial economic benefit to the Participant.  The Participant, by virtue of such Participant's role with the Company, has access to, and is involved in the formulation of, certain confidential and secret information of the Company regarding its operations and each Participant could materially harm the business of the Company by competing with the Company or soliciting employees or customers of the Company. 
    
  (b)      Non -Solicitation  .  During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of eighteen (18) months after the Participant ceases to perform services for the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation: 
    
  (i)    Hire, recruit, solicit or otherwise attempt to employ or retain or enter into any business relationship with, any person who is or was an employee of the Company within the twelve (12)-month period immediately preceding the cessation of Participant s service with the Company; or 
    
  (ii)    Solicit the sale of any products or services that are similar to or competitive with products or services offered by, manufactured by, designed by, or distributed by the Company, to any person, company or entity which was or is a customer or potential customer of the Company for such products or services. 
    
  (c)      Non-Disclosure  . 
    
  (i)    Participant will not, without the Company s prior written permission, directly or indirectly, utilize for any purpose other than for a legitimate business purpose solely on behalf of the Company, or directly or indirectly, disclose to anyone outside of the Company, either during or after Participant s relationship with the Company ends, the Company s Confidential Information, as long as such matters remain Confidential Information. 
    
  (ii)    This Agreement shall not prevent Participant from revealing evidence of criminal wrongdoing to law enforcement or prohibit Participant from divulging the Company s Confidential Information by order of a court or agency of competent jurisdiction.  However, Participant shall promptly inform the Company of any such situations and shall take such reasonable steps to prevent disclosure of the Company s Confidential Information until the Company has been informed of such requested disclosure and the Company has had an opportunity to respond to the court or agency. 
  
   6 

Exhibit 10.4 

(d)      Return of Company Property  .  Participant agrees that, in the event that Participant s service to the Company is terminated for any reason, Participant shall immediately return all of the Company s property, including, without limitation, (i) tools, pagers, computers, printers, key cards, documents or other tangible property of the Company, and (ii) the Company s Confidential Information in any media, including paper or electronic form, and Participant shall not retain in Participant s possession any copies of such information. 
    
  (e)      Ownership of Software and Inventions  .  All discoveries, designs, improvements, ideas, inventions, software, whether patentable or copyrightable or not, shall be works-made-for-hire and the Company shall be deemed the sole owner throughout the universe of any and all rights of whatsoever nature therein, with the rights to use the same in perpetuity in any manner the Company determines in its sole discretion without any further payment after the term of the agreement to Participant whatsoever.  If, for any reason, any of such results and proceeds which relate to the business shall not legally be a work-for-hire and/or there are any rights which do not accrue to the Company under the preceding sentence, then Participant hereby irrevocably assigns and agrees to quitclaim any and all of the Participant s right, title and interest thereto including, without limitation, any and all copyrights, patents, trade secrets, trademarks and/or other rights of whatsoever nature therein, whether or not now or hereafter known, existing, contemplated, recognized or developed to the Company, and the Company shall have the right to use the same in perpetuity throughout the universe in any manner the Company determines without any further payment to Participant whatsoever.  The Participant shall, from time to time, as may be reasonably requested by the Company, at the Company s expense, do any and all things which the Company may deem useful or desirable to establish or document the Company s exclusive ownership of any and all rights in any such results and proceeds, including, without limitation, the execution of appropriate copyright and/or patent applications or assignments.  To the extent Participant has any rights in the results and proceeds of Participant s services that cannot be assigned in the manner described above, Participant unconditionally and irrevocably waives the enforcement of such rights.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, works developed by the Participant (i) which are developed independently from the work developed for the Company regardless of whether such work was developed before or after the Participant performed services for the Company; or (ii) applications independently developed which are unrelated to the business and which Participant develops during non-business hours using non-business property shall not be deemed work for hire and shall not be the exclusive property of the Company. 
    
  (f)      Non-Competition  . 
    
  (i)    During the time in which Participant performs services for the Company and for a period of twelve (12) months after the cessation of Participant s service to the Company, regardless of the reason, Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, either alone or in conjunction with any person, firm, association, company or corporation, within the Restricted Area, own, manage, operate, or participate in the ownership, management, operation, or control of, or be employed by or provide services to, any entity which is in competition with the Company. 

7 

Exhibit 10.4 

(ii)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this paragraph (f) prohibits Participant from being a passive owner of not more than one percent (1%) of the outstanding stock of any class of a corporation which is publicly traded, so long as Participant has no active participation in the business of such corporation. 
    
  (g)      Acknowledgments  .  Participant acknowledges and agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement with respect to time, geographical area and scope of activity are reasonable and do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other legitimate business interests of the Company and that the Participant has had the opportunity to review the provisions of this Agreement with his legal counsel.  In particular, the Participant agrees and acknowledges (i) that the Company is currently engaging in business and actively marketing its services and products throughout the United States, (ii) that Participant s duties and responsibilities for the Company are co-extensive with the entire scope of the Company s business, (iii) that the Company has spent significant time and effort developing and protecting the confidentiality of their methods of doing business, technology, customer lists, long term customer relationships and trade secrets, and (iv) that such methods, technology, customer lists, customer relationships and trade secrets have significant value. 
    
  (h)      Enforcement  .  The Participant agrees that the restrictions contained in this Agreement are necessary for the protection of the business, the Confidential Information, customer relationships and goodwill of the Company and are considered by the Participant to be reasonable for that purpose and that the scope of restricted activities, the geographic scope and the duration of the restrictions set forth in this Agreement are considered by the Participant to be reasonable.  The Participant further agrees that any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement would cause the Company substantial, continuing and irrevocable harm for which money damages would be inadequate and therefore, in the event of any such breach or any threatened breach, in addition to such other remedies as may be available, the Company shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief.  This Agreement shall not in any way limit the remedies in law or equity otherwise available to the Company or its Affiliates.  The Participant further agrees that to the extent any provision or portion of the restricted covenants in this Agreement shall be held, found or deemed to be unreasonable, unlawful or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then any such provision or portion thereof shall be deemed to be modified to the extent necessary in order that any such provision or portion thereof shall be legally enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.  Without limitation to any other remedies available hereunder or at law, in the event of any breach of any of the restrictive covenants in this Agreement by the Participant, the Participant agrees that any Shares purchased by the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to repurchase by the Company, in its sole discretion, at a price equal to the lesser of the Exercise Price and the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time of repurchase.  In the event that the Participant sold the Shares purchased by the Participant pursuant to this Agreement, then the Participant shall be required to pay to the Company in cash, within thirty (30) days of a request by the Company for such payment, the positive difference, if any, between the price at which the Participant sold the Shares and the amount at which the Company could have repurchased the Shares pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

8 

Exhibit 10.4 

(i)      Severability; Modification  .  It is expressly agreed by Participant that: 
    
  (i)      Modification  .  If, at the time of enforcement of this Agreement, a court holds that the duration, geographical area or scope of activity restrictions stated herein are unreasonable under circumstances then existing or impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill and other business interests of the Company, Participant agrees that the maximum duration, scope or area reasonable under such circumstances will be substituted for the stated duration, scope or area and that the court will be allowed to revise the restrictions contained herein to cover the maximum duration, scope and area permitted by law, in all cases giving effect to the intent of the parties that the restrictions contained herein be given effect to the broadest extent possible. 
    
  (ii)      Severability  .  Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under applicable law, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision, but this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
    
  (iii)      Non-Disparagement  .  Participant understands and agrees that Participant will not disparage the Company, its officers, directors, administrators, representatives, employees, contractors, consultants or customers and will not engage in any communications or other conduct which might interfere with the relationship between the Company and its current, former, or prospective employees, contractors, consultants, customers, suppliers, regulatory entities, and/or any other persons or entities. 
    
  (j)      Definitions  . 
    
  (i)      Affiliate  .   Affiliate  means any entity controlling or controlled by or under common control with the Company or another Affiliate, at the time of execution of this Agreement and any time thereafter, where  control  is defined as the ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity or beneficial interest of such entity, and any other entity with respect to which the Company has significant management or operational responsibility (even though the 
  Company may own less than fifty percent (50%) of the equity of such entity). 
    
  (ii)      Confidential Information  .   Confidential Information  as used in this Agreement shall include the Company s trade secrets as defined under Illinois law, as well as any other information or material which is not generally known to the public, and which: 
    
  a)    is generated, collected by or utilized in the operations of the Company s business and relates to the actual or anticipated business, research or development of the Company; or 

9 

Exhibit 10.4 

b)    is suggested by or results from any task assigned to Participant by the Company or work performed by Participant for or on behalf of the Company. 
    
  Confidential Information shall not be considered generally known to the public if Participant or others improperly reveal such information to the public without the Company s express written consent and/or in violation of an obligation of confidentiality to the Company.  Examples of Confidential Information include, but are not limited to, all customer, client, supplier and vendor lists, budget information, contents of any database, contracts, product designs, technical know-how, engineering data, pricing and cost information, research and development work, software, business plans, proprietary data, projections, market research, perceptual studies, strategic plans, marketing information, financial information (including financial statements), sales information, training manuals, employee lists and compensation of employees, and all other competitively sensitive information with respect to the Company, whether or not it is in tangible form, and including without limitation any of the foregoing contained or described on paper or in computer software or other storage devices, as the same may exist from time to time. 
    
  (iii)      Restricted Area  .  For purposes of this Agreement, the term  Restricted Area  shall mean the United States of America. 
    
  7.    Applicable Law. 
    
  This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced, and its validity and enforceability determined, strictly in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without applying its conflicts of laws principles. 
    
  8.    Exclusive Jurisdiction/Venue. 
    
  All disputes that arise from or relate to this Agreement shall be decided exclusively by binding arbitration in Cook County, Illinois under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.  The parties agree that the arbitrator s award shall be final, and may be filed with and enforced as a final judgment by any court of competent jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disputes related to the enforcement of the restrictive covenants contained in Section 6 of this Agreement shall be subject to and determined under Delaware law and adjudicated in Illinois courts. 
    
  9.    Provisions of the Plan. 
    
  This option is subject to the provisions of the Plan (including the provisions relating to amendments to the Plan), a copy of which is furnished to the Participant with this option. 

_________________________________________________ 
  
   10 

Exhibit 10.4 

PARTICIPANT 
      [                              ] 
  
   11 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted 
  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

I, Joseph Flanagan, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Accretive Health, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
  Date: November 2, 2016 
  /s/ Joseph Flanagan             
  Joseph Flanagan  
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted 
  pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

I, Christopher Ricaurte, certify that: 
  1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Accretive Health, Inc.; 
  2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
  3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
  4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
  5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.  
  Date: November 2, 2016 
  /s/ Christopher Ricaurte         
  Christopher Ricaurte 
  Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted 
  pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Accretive Health, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Joseph Flanagan, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date: November 2, 2016 
  /s/ Joseph Flanagan                   
  Joseph Flanagan 
  President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-q32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted 
  pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002    

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Accretive Health, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Christopher Ricaurte, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 
           1. 
    the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
       
  Date: November 2, 2016 
  /s/ Christopher Ricaurte         
  Christopher Ricaurte 
  Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer 
   (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 ah-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ah-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 ah-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ah-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ah-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ah-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

