<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_96869_0000096869-16-000019_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8774335</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>401733</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>553053</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3084024</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3383333</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1164593</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>55</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000096869-16-000019.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108130752
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000096869-16-000019
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEJON RANCH CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096869
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				770196136
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07183
		FILM NUMBER:		161980624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4436 LEBEC ROAD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1000
		CITY:			LEBEC
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93243
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6612483000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4436 LEBEC RD
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1000
		CITY:			LEBEC
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93243

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000096869-16-000019.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 a09302016-form10xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  Or 

For the transition period from              to              
  Commission File Number: 1-7183 
                     
    TEJON RANCH CO. 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Delaware 
      
    77-0196136 
      (State or other jurisdiction of 
  incorporation or organization) 
      
    (IRS Employer 
  Identification No.) 

P.O. Box 1000, Tejon Ranch, California 93243 
  (Address of principal executive offices) 
  Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (661) 248-3000 
  ____________________________________________________  
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.      Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).      Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
  Large accelerated filer                                   Accelerated filer          x 
  Non-accelerated filer                                       Non-accelerated filer     
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes        No    x                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  The number of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock on   October 31, 2016   was   20,789,496  . 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
      PART I. 
    FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Financial Statements 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    3 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    4 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015 
    5 

Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 
    6 

Unaudited Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity and Noncontrolling Interests for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 
    7 

Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
    8 

Item 2. 
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    24 

Item 3. 
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    33 

Item 4. 
    Controls and Procedures 
    36 

PART II. 
    OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
    Legal Proceedings 
    36 

Item 1A. 
    Risk Factors 
    36 

Item 2. 
    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    36 

Item 3. 
    Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    36 

Item 4. 
    Mine Safety Disclosures 
    36 

Item 5. 
    Other Information 
    36 

Item 6. 
    Exhibits 
    37 

SIGNATURES 
    41 

2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying notes. 

3 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  (In thousands) 

See accompanying notes. 
  
   4 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (In thousands, except per share data)   

  See accompanying notes. 
  
   5 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  (In thousands)   

  See accompanying notes. 
  
   6 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
  (In thousands, except shares outstanding) 

See accompanying notes.  
  
   7 

TEJON RANCH CO. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
    
  1.    BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
  The summarized information of Tejon Ranch Co. and its subsidiaries, (the Company, Tejon, we, us and our), furnished pursuant to the instructions to Part I of Form 10-Q is unaudited and reflects all adjustments which are, in the opinion of the Company s management, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim period. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. We have evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of our consolidated financial statements.  
  The periods ending   September 30, 2016   and   2015   include the consolidation of Centennial Founders, LLC s statement of operations within the resort /residential real estate development segment and statements of cash flows. The Company s   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   balance sheets and statements of changes in equity and noncontrolling interests are presented on a consolidated basis including the consolidation of Centennial Founders, LLC. 
  The Company has identified   five   reportable segments: commercial/industrial real estate development, resort/residential real estate development, mineral resources, farming, and ranch operations. Information for the Company s reported segments is presented in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company s reporting segments follow the same accounting policies used for the Company s consolidated financial statements. We use segment profit or loss, along with equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures, as the primary measure of profitability to evaluate operating performance and to allocate capital resources. 
  The results of the period reported herein are not indicative of the results to be expected for the full year due to the seasonal nature of the Company s agricultural activities and timing of real estate sales and leasing activities. Historically, the Company s largest percentages of farming revenues are recognized during the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year. 
  Reclassifications 
  Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current period presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on results of operations. 
  Ranch Operations 
  During the fourth quarter of 2015, the Company reclassified revenues and expenses comprised of grazing leases, game management and other ancillary services supporting the ranch, from commercial/industrial into a new segment called ranch operations.  As a result, the Company reclassified prior period ranch operation revenues and expenses on the consolidated statements of income. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , revenues and expenses reclassified were   $2,745,000   and   $4,686,000  , respectively.  For the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  , revenues and expenses reclassified were   $447,000   and   $1,674,000  , respectively. 
  For further information and a summary of significant accounting policies, refer to the Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers", which provides guidance for revenue recognition that supersedes existing revenue recognition guidance (but does not apply to nor supersede accounting guidance for lease contracts). The ASU s core principle is that an entity will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The ASU also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and should be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the ASU recognized at the date of initial application. In July 2015, the FASB affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date by one year. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  
   8 

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,  Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis,  which makes certain changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model, including changes to (1) the identification of variable interests (fees paid to a decision maker or service provider), (2) the variable interest entity characteristics for a limited partnership or similar entity, and (3) the primary beneficiary determination. ASU 2015-02 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2015.  As a result of adopting this ASU, on January 1, 2016 we were not required to consolidate any legal entities that were previously unconsolidated or deconsolidate any legal entities that were previously consolidated. Therefore, upon adoption, we were not required to retrospectively adjust any prior period information or recognize a cumulative effect of the change in retained earnings as a result of the initial application of this update. 
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, "Financial Statements - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities," which requires equity investments in unconsolidated entities (other than those accounted for using the equity method of accounting) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. There will no longer be an available-for-sale classification for equity securities with readily determinable fair values. The new guidance is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02, "Leases." From the lessee's perspective, the new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement for a lessee. From the lessor's perspective, the new standard requires a lessor to classify leases as either sales-type, finance or operating. A lease will be treated as a sale if it transfers all of the risks and rewards, as well as control of the underlying asset, to the lessee. If risks and rewards are conveyed without the transfer of control, the lease is treated as a financing lease. If the lessor doesn t convey risks and rewards or control, an operating lease results.  ASU 2016-02 is effective for periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230),  or ASU 2016-15. ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified in the statement of cash flows. The new guidance addresses the classification of various transactions including debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments, contingent consideration payments made after a business combination, distributions received from equity method investments, beneficial interests in securitization transactions, and others. The Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of the adoption of this ASU on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
   
  2.    EQUITY 
  Earnings Per Share (EPS) 
  Basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders is based upon the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year. Diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders is based upon the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding assuming the issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrants to purchase common stock, and the vesting of restricted stock grants per ASC 260,  Earnings Per Share.  

Warrants 
  On August 7, 2013, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a dividend of   3,000,000   warrants, or the Warrants, to purchase shares of Company common stock, par value   $0.50   per share, or Common Stock, to holders of record of Common Stock as of August 21, 2013, the Record Date. The Warrants were issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement between the Company, Computershare, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as warrant agent.  The Warrants were distributed  
  
   9 

to shareholders on August 28, 2013. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase   one   share of Common Stock at an initial exercise price of   $40.00   per share. The Warrants expired out of the money on August 31, 2016. 
   
  3.     MARKETABLE SECURITIES 
  ASC 320,  Investments   Debt and Equity Securities  requires that an enterprise classify all debt securities as either held-to-maturity, trading or available-for-sale. The Company has elected to classify its securities as available-for-sale and therefore is required to adjust securities to fair value at each reporting date. All costs and both realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities are determined on a specific identification basis. The following is a summary of available-for-sale securities at:   

  We evaluate our securities for other-than-temporary impairment based on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding each security valued below its cost. Factors considered include the length of time the securities have been valued below cost, the financial condition of the issuer, industry reports related to the issuer, the severity of any decline, our intention not to sell the security, and our assessment as to whether it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before a recovery of its amortized cost basis. We then segregate the loss between the amounts representing a decrease in cash flows expected to be collected, or the credit loss, which is recognized through earnings, and the balance of the loss which is recognized through other comprehensive income.  At   September 30, 2016  , the fair market value of investment securities was   $24,000   higher than their cost basis. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive loss in consolidated equity for the temporary change in the value of securities reflected an increase in the market value of available-for-sale securities of   $184,000  , which includes estimated taxes of   $64,000  .  As of September 30,   2016  , the Company s gross unrealized holding income equaled   $80,000   and gross unrealized holding losses equaled   $56,000  .  

10 

The following tables summarize the maturities, at par, of marketable securities as of: 

The Company s investments in corporate notes are with companies that have an investment grade rating from Standard   Poor s. 
   
  4.     REAL ESTATE 

5.     LONG-TERM WATER ASSETS 
  Long-term water assets consist of water and water contracts held for future use or sale. The water is held at cost, which includes the price paid for the water and the cost incurred to pump and deliver the water. A portion of our water is currently held in a water bank on Company land in southern Kern County. Banked water costs also include costs related to the right to receive additional acre-feet of water in the future from the Antelope Valley East Kern Water Agency, or AVEK. The Company has also banked water within an AVEK owned water bank. 
  We also purchase water for future use or sale. In 2008 we purchased   8,393   acre feet of transferable water and in 2009 we purchased an additional   6,393   acre-feet of transferable water, the remaining portion of which is held on our behalf by AVEK under an agreement where AVEK will return this water to us at a   1.5   to 1 factor.  To date,   8,587   acre-feet of water has been returned and was placed in our Company water bank.  
  
   11 

We also have secured State Water Project, or SWP, entitlement under long-term SWP water contracts within the Tulare Lake Basin Water Storage District, or TLBWSD,  and the Dudley-Ridge Water District, or DRWD, totaling   3,444   acre-feet of SWP entitlement annually, subject to annual SWP allocations. These contracts extend through 2035 and now have been transferred to AVEK for our use in the Antelope Valley. In 2013, the Company acquired from DMB Pacific, or DMB, a contract to purchase water that obligates the Company to purchase   6,693   acre feet of water each year from the Nickel Family, LLC, or Nickel, a California limited liability company that is located in Kern County. The initial term of the water purchase agreement with Nickel runs to 2044 and includes a Company option to extend the contract for an additional   35 years  . Purchase costs in 2016 were   $695   per acre-foot. For future years, the purchase cost is subject to annual increases based on the greater of the consumer price index and   3%  .  
  The water purchased under the contract with Nickel is expected to be used in the development of the Company s land for commercial/industrial development, residential development, and farming. Interim uses may include the sale of portions of this water to third party users on an annual basis until this water is fully allocated to Company uses. 
  On August 6, 2015, Tejon Ranchcorp, or Ranchcorp, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tejon Ranch Co., entered into a Water Supply Agreement with Pastoria Energy Facility, L.L.C., or PEF. PEF is the current lessee under the power plant lease. Pursuant to the Water Supply Agreement, beginning on January 1, 2016, PEF may purchase from Ranchcorp up to   2,000   acre feet of water and, from January 1, 2017 through July 31, 2030, with an option to extend the term, PEF may purchase from Ranchcorp up to   3,500   acre feet of water per year. PEF is under no obligation to purchase water from Ranchcorp in any year, but is required to pay Ranchcorp an annual option payment equal to   30%   of the maximum annual payment. The price of the water under the Water Supply Agreement is   $1,025   per acre foot of annual water, subject to   3%   annual increases commencing January 1, 2017. The Water Supply Agreement contains other customary terms and conditions, including representations and warranties, which are typical for agreements of this type.  The Company's commitments to sell water can be met through current water assets. 
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we sold   7,285   acre feet of water totaling   $9,601,000   with a cost of   $5,925,000  , which was recorded in the mineral resources segment on the unaudited consolidated statements of operations.  
  Water contracts with the Wheeler Ridge Maricopa Water Storage District, or WRMWSD, and the Tejon-Castac Water District, or TCWD, are also in place, but were entered into with each district at inception of the contract and not purchased later from third parties, and do not have a related financial carrying cost on the books of the Company. Therefore, there is   no   amortization expense related to these contracts. These contracts are also subject to annual SWP allocations.  Water assets consist of the following: 

*Any transferable water with AVEK that is used by the Company or returned by AVEK to the Company will be returned at a   1.5   to 1 factor giving the Company use of a total of   13,592   (  9,061   x   1.5  ) acre feet as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  
   12 

6.     ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER 
  Accrued liabilities and other consists of the following: 

7.     LINE OF CREDIT AND LONG-TERM DEBT 
  Debt consists of the following:  

On October 13, 2014, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Ranchcorp, as borrower, entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, a Term Note and a Revolving Line of Credit Note, with Wells Fargo, or collectively the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility amended and restated the Company's existing credit facility dated as of November 5, 2010 and extended on December 4, 2013. The Credit Facility added a   $70,000,000   Term Note, to the existing   $30,000,000   revolving line of credit, or RLC. Funds from the Term Note were used to finance the Company's purchase of DMB TMV LLC s interest in Tejon Mountain Village LLC. Any future borrowings under the RLC will be used for ongoing working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. To maintain availability of funds under the RLC, undrawn amounts under the RLC will accrue a commitment fee of   10   basis points per annum. The Company's ability to borrow additional funds in the future under the RLC is subject to compliance with certain financial covenants and making certain representations and warranties. As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , the RLC had an outstanding balance of   $11,000,000   and   $0  , respectively.  At the Company s option, the interest rate on this line of credit can float at   1.50%   over a selected LIBOR or can be fixed at   1.50%   above LIBOR for a fixed rate term. During the term of the Credit Facility (which matures in   September 2019  ), we can borrow at any time and partially or wholly repay any outstanding borrowings and then re-borrow, as necessary.  
  The interest rate per annum applicable to the Term Note is LIBOR (as defined in the Term Note) plus a margin of   170   basis points. The interest rate for the term of the note has been fixed through the use of an interest rate swap at a rate of   4.11%  . The Term Note requires interest only payments for the first   two   years of the term and thereafter requires monthly amortization payments pursuant to a schedule set forth in the Term Note, with the final outstanding principal amount due October 5, 2024. The Company may make voluntary prepayments on the Term Note at any time without penalty (excluding any applicable LIBOR or interest rate swap breakage costs). Each optional prepayment will be applied to reduce the most remote principal payment then unpaid. The Credit Facility is secured by the Company's farmland and farm assets, which include equipment, crops and crop receivables and the power plant lease and lease site, and related accounts and other rights to payment and inventory. 
  
   13 

The Credit Facility requires compliance with   three   financial covenants: (a) total liabilities divided by tangible net worth not greater than   0.75   to   1.0   at each quarter end; (b) a debt service coverage ratio not less than   1.25   to   1.00   as of each quarter end on a rolling four quarter basis; and (c) maintain liquid assets equal to or greater than   $20,000,000  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
  During the third quarter of 2013, we entered into a promissory note agreement with CMFG Life Insurance Company, to pay a principal amount of   $4,750,000   with principal and interest due monthly starting on October 1, 2013. The interest rate on this promissory note is   4.25%   per annum, with monthly principal and interest payments of   $102,700   ending on September 1, 2028. The proceeds from this promissory note were used to eliminate debt that had been previously used to provide long-term financing for a building being leased to Starbucks and provide additional working capital for future investment. The current balance on the note is   $4,025,000  . The balance of this long-term debt instrument listed above approximates the fair value of the instrument. 
   
  8.     OTHER LIABILITIES 
  Other liabilities consist of the following: 

For the captions presented in the table above, please refer to the respective Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 
   
  9.     STOCK COMPENSATION - RESTRICTED STOCK AND PERFORMANCE SHARE GRANTS 
  The Company s stock incentive plans provide for the making of awards to employees based upon a service condition or through the achievement of performance-related objectives. The Company has issued   three   types of stock grant awards under these plans: restricted stock with service condition vesting; performance share grants that only vest upon the achievement of specified performance conditions, such as corporate cash flow goals, or Performance Condition Grants; and performance share grants that include threshold, target, and maximum achievement levels based on the achievement of specific performance milestones, or Performance Milestone Grants. The Company has also granted performance share grants that contain both performance-based and market-based conditions. Compensation cost for these awards is recognized based on either the achievement of the performance-based conditions, if they are considered probable, or if they are not considered probable, on the achievement of the market-based condition. Failure to satisfy the threshold performance conditions will result in the forfeiture of shares. Forfeiture of share awards with service conditions or performance-based restrictions results in a reversal of previously recognized share-based compensation expense. Forfeiture of share awards with market-based restrictions does not result in a reversal of previously recognized share-based compensation expense. 
  The following is a summary of the Company's performance share grants with performance conditions for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

14 

The following is a summary of the Company s stock grant activity, both time and performance share grants, assuming target achievement for outstanding performance share grants for the following periods: 

The unamortized costs associated with nonvested stock grants and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized as of   September 30, 2016   were   $3,739,716   and   20 months  , respectively. The fair value of restricted stock with time-based vesting features is based upon the Company s share price on the date of grant and is expensed over the service period. Fair value of performance share grants that cliff vest based on the achievement of performance conditions is based on the share price of the Company s stock on the day of grant once the Company determines that it is probable that the award will vest. This fair value is expensed over the service period applicable to these grants. For performance share grants that contain a range of shares from zero to maximum we determine, based on historic and projected results, the probability of (1) achieving the performance objective, and (2) the level of achievement. Based on this information, we determine the fair value of the award and measure the expense over the service period related to these grants. Because the ultimate vesting of all performance share grants is tied to the achievement of a performance condition, we estimate whether the performance condition will be met and over what period of time. Ultimately, we adjust compensation cost according to the actual outcome of the performance condition.  
  Under the Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan, or NDSI Plan, each non-employee director receives his or her annual compensation in stock. The stock is granted at the end of each quarter based on the quarter ending stock price.  
  The following table summarizes stock compensation costs for the Company's Employee 1998 Stock Incentive Plan, or the Employee Plan, and NDSI Plan for the following periods: 

10.     INTEREST RATE SWAP LIABILITY 
  During October 2014, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge cash flows tied to changes in the underlying floating interest rate tied to LIBOR for the Term Note as discussed in Note 7 (Line of Credit and Long-Term Debt) The ineffective portion of the change in fair value of our interest rate swap agreement is required to be recognized directly in earnings. During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , our interest rate swap agreement was   100%   effective; because of this,   no   hedge ineffectiveness was recognized in earnings. Changes in fair value, including accrued interest and adjustments for non-performance risk, on the effective portion of our interest rate swap agreements that are designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges are classified in accumulated other comprehensive income. Amounts classified in accumulated other comprehensive income are subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period during which the hedged transactions affect earnings. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our interest rate swap agreement aggregating a liability balance was classified in other liabilities.  
  We had the following outstanding interest rate swap agreement designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk as of   September 30, 2016   ($ in thousands): 

15 

11.     INCOME TAXES 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company's income tax expense was   $503,000   compared to an income tax expense of   $464,000   for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . These represent effective income tax rates of approximately   39%   and   28%   for the   nine   months ended September 30,   2016   and,   2015  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have income taxes payable. 
  The Company classifies interest and penalties incurred on tax payments as income tax expense. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company made   $1,350,000   of income tax payments for the 2015 tax year. 
   
  12.     COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
  In   2016  , the Company paid   $8,529,000   for water contracts. Water contract payments consist of SWP, contracts with WRMWDS, TCWD, TLBWSD, DRWD and the Nickel water contract. The SWP contracts run through 2035 and the Nickel water contract runs to 2044, with an option to extend an additional   35   years.  As discussed in Note 5 (Long-Term Water Assets), we purchased the assignment of a contract to purchase water in late 2013. The assigned water contract is with Nickel Family, LLC, and obligates us to purchase   6,693   acre-feet of water annually through the term of the contract. 
  The Company is obligated to make payments of approximately   $800,000   per year to the Tejon Ranch Conservancy as prescribed in the Conservation Agreement we entered into with five major environmental organizations in 2008. Our advances to the Tejon Ranch Conservancy are dependent on the occurrence of certain events and their timing, and are therefore subject to change in amount and period. These amounts are recorded in real estate development for the Centennial and Mountain Village at Tejon Ranch, or MV, projects.  Our obligation under this commitment terminates at the end of   2021  . 
  The Company exited a consulting contract during the second quarter of 2014 related to the Grapevine Development and is obligated to pay an earned incentive fee at the time of successful receipt of project entitlements and at a value measurement date   five  -years after entitlements have been achieved for Grapevine. The final amount of the incentive fees will not be finalized until the future payment dates. The Company believes that net savings from exiting the contract over this future time period will more than offset the incentive payment costs.  
  The Tejon Ranch Public Facilities Financing Authority, or TRPFFA, is a joint powers authority formed by Kern County and TCWD to finance public infrastructure within the Company s Kern County developments. TRPFFA has created   two   Community Facilities Districts, or CFDs, the West CFD and the East CFD. The West CFD has placed liens on   420   acres of the Company s land to secure payment of special taxes related to   $28,620,000   of bond debt sold by TRPFFA for TRCC-West. The East CFD has placed liens on   1,931   acres of the Company s land to secure payments of special taxes related to   $55,000,000   of bond debt sold by TRPFFA for TRCC-East. At TRCC-West, the West CFD has   no   additional bond debt approved for issuance. At TRCC-East, the East CFD has approximately   $65,000,000   of additional bond debt authorized by TRPFFA that can be sold in the future. 
  In connection with the sale of bonds there is a standby letter of credit for   $5,426,000   related to the issuance of East CFD bonds. The standby letter of credit is in place to provide additional credit enhancement and cover approximately   two   years' worth of interest on the outstanding bonds. This letter of credit will not be drawn upon unless the Company, as the largest landowner in the CFD, fails to make its property tax payments. The Company believes that the letter of credit will never be drawn upon. The letter of credit is for   two years   and will be renewed in   two  -year intervals as necessary. The annual cost related to the letter of credit is approximately   $83,000  . 
  The Company is obligated, as a landowner in each CFD, to pay its share of the special taxes assessed each year. The secured lands include both the TRCC-West and TRCC-East developments. Proceeds from the sale of West CFD bonds went to reimburse the Company for public infrastructure related to the TRCC-West development. As of   September 30, 2016  , there were   no   additional improvement funds remaining from the West CFD bonds. During the first quarter of 2016, the East CFD reimbursed the Company approximately   $4,162,000   for public infrastructure. After this payment, there is   $13,923,000   in funds remaining in the East CFD improvement fund. There were   no   reimbursement payments made to the Company during the second or third quarters of 2016.  During 2016, the Company paid approximately   $1,292,425   in special taxes. As development continues to occur at TRCC, new owners of land and new lease tenants, through triple-net leases, will bear an increasing portion of the assessed special tax. This amount could change in the future based on the amount of bonds outstanding and the amount of taxes paid by new owners of land and new lease tenants. The assessment of each individual property sold or leased is not determinable at this time because it is based on the current tax rate and the assessed value of the property at the time of sale or on its assessed value at the time it is leased to a third-party. Accordingly, the Company is not currently required to recognize an obligation. 
  
   16 

In July 2014, the Company received a copy of a Notice of Intent to Sue, or Notice, dated July 17, 2014 indicating that the Center for Biological Diversity, the Wishtoyo Foundation and Dee Dominguez intend to initiate a lawsuit against the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, or USFWS, under the federal Endangered Species Act challenging USFWS's approval of Ranchcorp's Tehachapi Uplands Multiple Species Habitat Conservation Plan, or TUMSHCP, and USFWS's issuance of an Incidental Take Permit, or ITP, to Ranchcorp for the take of federally listed species. The foregoing approvals authorize, among other things, removal of California condor habitat associated with Ranchcorp's potential future development of MV. No lawsuit has been filed at this time. It is not possible to predict whether any lawsuit will actually be filed or whether the Company or Ranchcorp will incur any damages from such a lawsuit. 
  National Cement 
  The Company leases land to National Cement Company of California Inc., or National, for the purpose of manufacturing Portland cement from limestone deposits on the leased acreage. The California Regional Water Quality Control Board, or RWQCB, for the Lahontan Region issued orders in the late 1990s with respect to environmental conditions on the property currently leased to National. 
  One order directs the Company's former tenant Lafarge Corporation (or Lafarge), the current tenant National, and the Company to clean up groundwater contamination on the leased property.  Lafarge and National installed a groundwater cleanup system in 2003 and that system continues to operate.  National and Lafarge have consolidated, closed, and capped cement kiln dust piles located on land leased from the Company.  A second order directs National, Lafarge, and the Company to maintain and monitor the effectiveness of the cap. 
  The Company is not aware of any failure by Lafarge or National to comply with directives of the RWQCB. Under current and prior leases, National and Lafarge are obligated to indemnify the Company for costs and liabilities arising out of their use of the leased premises. The Company believes that the matters described above are included within the scope of the National or Lafarge indemnity obligations.  If the Company is required to perform the work at its own cost, it is unlikely that the amount of any such expenditure by the Company would be material and there is no reasonable likelihood of continuing risk from this matter. 
  Antelope Valley Groundwater Cases 
  On November 29, 2004, a conglomerate of public water suppliers filed a cross-complaint in the Los Angeles Superior Court seeking a judicial determination of the rights to groundwater within the Antelope Valley basin, including the groundwater underlying the Company s land near the Centennial project. Four phases of a multi-phase trial have been completed. Upon completion of the third phase, the court ruled that the groundwater basin is currently in overdraft and established a current total sustainable yield. The fourth phase of trial occurred in the first half of 2013 and resulted in confirmation of each party s groundwater pumping for 2011 and 2012. The fifth phase of the trial commenced in February 2014, and concerned 1) whether the United States has a federal reserved water right to basin groundwater, and 2) the rights to return flows from imported water. The court heard evidence on the federal reserve right but continued the trial on the return flow issues while most of the parties to the adjudication discussed a settlement, including rights to return flows. In February 2015, more than   140   parties representing more than   99%   of the current water use within the adjudication boundary agreed to a settlement. On March 4, 2015, the settling parties, including Tejon, submitted a Stipulation for Entry of Judgment and Physical Solution to the court for approval. On December 23, 2015, the court entered Judgment approving the Stipulation for Entry of Judgment and Physical Solution.  The Company s water supply plan for the Centennial project anticipated reliance on, among other sources, a certain quantity of groundwater underlying the Company s lands in the Antelope Valley.  The Company s allocation in the Judgment is consistent with that amount.  Prior to the Judgment becoming final, on February 19 and 22, 2016, several parties, including the Willis Class and Phelan Pinon Hills CSD, filed notices of appeal from the Judgment.  Notwithstanding the appeals, the parties with assistance from the Court have begun establishment of the Watermaster and administration of the Physical Solution, consistent with the Judgment.   
    
  Summary and Status of Kern Water Bank Lawsuits 
  On June 3, 2010, the Central Delta and South Delta Water Agencies and several environmental groups, including the Center for Biological Diversity (collectively,  Central Delta ), filed a complaint in the Sacramento County Superior Court against the California Department of Water Resources, or DWR, Kern County Water Agency and a number of  real parties in interest,  including the Company and TCWD.  The lawsuit challenges certain amendments to the SWP contracts that were originally approved in 1995, known as the  Monterey Amendments.  
  
   17 

The original Environmental Impact Report, or EIR, for the Monterey Amendments was determined to be insufficient in an earlier lawsuit. The current lawsuit principally (i) challenges the adequacy of the remedial EIR that DWR prepared as a result of the original lawsuit and (ii) challenges the validity of the Monterey Amendments on various grounds, including the transfer of the Kern Water Bank, or KWB, from DWR to the Kern County Water Agency and in turn to the Kern Water Bank Authority, or KWBA, whose members are various Kern and Kings County interests, including TCWD, which TCWD has a   2%   interest in the KWBA. A parallel lawsuit was also filed by Central Delta in Kern County Superior Court on July 2, 2010, against Kern County Water Agency, also naming the Company and TCWD as real parties in interest, which has been stayed pending the outcome of the other action against DWR.  The Company is named on the ground that it  controls  TCWD.  This lawsuit has since been moved to the Sacramento County Superior Court. Another lawsuit was filed in Kern County Superior Court on June 3, 2010, by two districts adjacent to the KWB, namely Rosedale Rio Bravo and Buena Vista Water Storage Districts, or Rosedale, asserting that the remedial EIR did not adequately evaluate potential impacts arising from operations of the KWB, but this lawsuit did not name the Company, only TCWD. TCWD has a contract right for water stored in the KWB and rights to recharge and withdraw water.  This lawsuit has since been moved to the Sacramento County Superior Court. In an initial favorable ruling on January 25, 2013, the court determined that the challenges to the validity of the Monterey Amendments, including the transfer of the KWB, were not timely and were barred by the statutes of limitation, the doctrine of laches, and by the annual validating statute. The substantive hearing on the challenges to the EIR was held on January 31, 2014. On March 5, 2014 the court issued a decision, rejecting all of Central Delta s California Environmental Quality Act, or CEQA, claims, except the Rosedale claim, joined by Central Delta, that the EIR did not adequately evaluate future impacts from operation of the KWB, in particular potential impacts on groundwater and water quality.  
  On November 24, 2014, the court issued a writ of mandate that requires DWR to prepare a revised EIR regarding the Monterey Amendments evaluating the potential operational impacts of the KWB. The writ authorizes the continued operation of the KWB pending completion of the revised EIR subject to certain conditions including those described in an interim operating plan negotiated between the KWBA and Rosedale. The writ of mandate, as revised by the court, requires DWR to certify the revised EIR and file the return to the writ of mandate by September 28, 2016. On September 20, 2016 the Director of DWR (a) certified the Revised EIR as in compliance with CEQA, (b) adopted findings, a statement of overriding considerations, and a mitigation, monitoring and reporting program as required by CEQA, (c) made a new finding pertaining to carrying out the Monterey Amendments through continued use and operation of the KWB by the KWBA, and (d) caused a notice of determination to be filed with the Office of Planning and Resources of the State of California on September 22, 2016.  On September 28, 2016, DWR filed with the Superior Court its return to the writ of mandate.  The Superior Court has not scheduled a hearing on DWR s return to the writ of mandate.  To the extent that there may be an adverse outcome of the claims, the monetary value cannot be estimated at this time. 
  On November 24, 2014, the court entered a judgment in the Central Delta case (1) dismissing the challenges to the validity of the Monterey Amendments and the transfer of the KWB in their entirety and (2) granting in part, and denying, in part, the CEQA petition for writ of mandate. Central Delta has appealed the judgment and the KWBA and certain other parties have filed a cross-appeal with regard to certain defenses to the CEQA cause of action. The appeals are pending in the California Court of Appeal. 
  On December 3, 2014, the court entered judgment in the Rosedale case (i) in favor of Rosedale in the CEQA cause of action, and (ii) dismissing the declaratory relief cause of action. No appeal of the Rosedale judgment has been filed. 
  Proceedings Incidental to Business 
  From time to time, we are involved in other proceedings incidental to our business, including actions relating to employee claims, environmental law issues, real estate disputes, contractor disputes and grievance hearings before labor regulatory agencies. 
  The outcome of these other proceedings is not predictable.  However, based on current circumstances, we do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these other proceedings, after considering available defenses and any insurance coverage or indemnification rights, will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows either individually or in the aggregate. 
   
  13.    RETIREMENT PLANS 
  The Company has a defined benefit plan that covers many of its employees, or the Benefit Plan. The benefits are based on years of service and the employee s   five  -year final average salary. Contributions are intended to provide for benefits attributable to service both to-date and expected-to-be provided in the future. The Company funds the plan in accordance with the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Pension Protection Act. The Company anticipates contributing approximately   $450,000   to the plan during   2016  . 
  
   18 

Plan assets consist of equity, debt and short-term money market investment funds. The plan s current investment policy targets   65%   equities,   25%   debt and   10%   money market funds. Equity and debt investment percentages are allowed to fluctuate plus or minus   20%   to take advantage of market conditions. As an example, equities could fluctuate from   78%   to   52%   of plan assets. At   September 30, 2016  , the investment mix was approximately   60%   equity,   34%   debt, and   6%   money market funds. At   December 31, 2015  , the investment mix was approximately   61%   equity,   33%   debt and   6%   money market funds. Equity investments consist of a combination of individual equity securities plus value funds, growth funds, large cap funds and international stock funds. Debt investments consist of U.S. Treasury securities and investment grade corporate debt. The weighted-average discount rate used in determining the periodic pension cost is   4.6%   in   2016   and   2015  . The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is   7.5%   in   2016   and   2015  . The long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the historical returns within the plan and expectations for future returns.  
  The expected total pension and retirement expense for the Benefit Plan was as follows: 

The Company has a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or SERP, to restore to executives designated by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors the full benefits under the pension plan that would otherwise be restricted by certain limitations now imposed under the Internal Revenue Code. The SERP is currently unfunded. The pension and retirement expense for the SERP was as follows:  

14.    BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
  We currently operate in   five   business segments: commercial/industrial real estate development, resort/residential real estate development, mineral resources, farming, and ranch operations. 
  Commercial lease revenue consists of land and building leases to tenants at our commercial retail and industrial developments, base and percentage rents from our Pastoria Energy Facility power plant lease, communication tower rents, and payments from easement leases.  
  The revenue components of the commercial/industrial real estate development segment were as follows:  

19 

The resort/residential real estate development segment is actively involved in the land entitlement and development process internally and through a joint venture. The segment incurs costs and expenses related to its development activities, but currently generates   no   revenue.  The segment produced losses of   $1,252,000   and   $1,885,000   for the   nine   months ended September 30,   2016   and 2015, respectively.  The segment produced losses of   $323,000   and   $558,000   for the quarters ended September 30,   2016   and 2015, respectively.  
  The mineral resources segment receives oil and mineral royalties in addition to periodic reimbursable costs from lessors.  The segment also generates revenues through water sales.  The revenue components of the mineral resources segment were as follows:  

The farming segment produces revenues from the sale of almonds, pistachios, wine grapes, and hay. The revenue components of the farming segment were as follows:  

Ranch operations consists of game management, ranch and property maintenance, and ancillary land uses such as grazing leases and filming. Within game management, we offer a wide variety of guided big game hunts including trophy Rocky Mountain elk, deer, turkey and wild pig.  The revenue components of the ranch operations segment were as follows:  

20 

15.    INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED AND CONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURES 
  The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures using the equity method of accounting unless the venture is a variable interest entity, or VIE, and meets the requirements for consolidation or is a voting interest entity and is controlled by the Company. The Company s investment in its unconsolidated joint ventures at   September 30, 2016   was   $32,255,000  . The equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures was   $2,353,000   and   $5,650,000   for the three and   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. The Company s current joint ventures are as follows: 
             
    Petro Travel Plaza Holdings LLC   TA/Petro is an unconsolidated joint venture with TravelCenters of America, LLC for the development and management of travel plazas and convenience stores. The Company has   50%   voting rights and shares   60%   of profit and losses in this joint venture. It houses multiple commercial eating establishments as well as diesel and gasoline operations in TRCC. The Company does not control the investment due to its having only   50%   voting rights, and because our partner in the joint venture is the managing partner and performs all of the day-to-day operations and has significant decision making authority regarding key business components such as fuel inventory and pricing at the facility. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company had an equity investment balance of   $16,566,000   in this joint venture.  
                
    Majestic Realty Co.   Majestic Realty Co., or Majestic, is a privately-held developer and owner of master planned business parks in the United States.  The Company partnered with Majestic to form   two   50/50 joint ventures to acquire, develop, manage, and operate industrial real estate at TRCC.  The partners have equal voting rights and equally share in the profit and loss of the joint venture.  At   September 30, 2016  , the Company's investment in these joint ventures was   $1,888,000  , which includes our outside basis. 
                 
    In September 2016, TRC-MRC 1, LLC was formed to develop and operate an approximately   480,480   square foot industrial building at TRCC-East.  The joint venture is currently in the initial planning and design phase of the industrial building. 
                
    Rockefeller Joint Ventures   The Company  has   three   joint ventures with Rockefeller Group Development Corporation or Rockefeller. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company s combined equity investment balance in these three joint ventures was   $13,801,000  . 
                
    Two   joint ventures are for the development of buildings on approximately   91   acres and are part of an agreement for the potential development of up to   500   acres of land in TRCC including pursuing Foreign Trade Zone, or FTZ, designation and development of the property within the FTZ for warehouse distribution and light manufacturing. The Company owns a   50%   interest in each of the joint ventures. Currently the Five West Parcel LLC joint venture owns and leases a   606,000   square foot building to Dollar General which has now been extended to April 2022, and includes an option to extend for an additional three years.  For operating revenue, please see the following table.  The Five West Parcel joint venture currently has an outstanding term loan with a balance of   $10,385,000   that matures on May 5, 2022.  The Company and Rockefeller guarantee the performance of the debt.  The second of these joint ventures, 18-19 West LLC, was formed in August 2009 through the contribution of   61.5   acres of land by the Company, which is being held for future development. Both of these joint ventures are being accounted for under the equity method due to both members having significant participating rights in the management of the ventures. 
     
   21 

The third joint venture is the TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC joint venture that was formed during the second quarter of 2013 to develop, own, and manage a net leasable   326,000   square foot outlet center on land at TRCC-East. The cost of the outlet center was approximately   $87,000,000   and was funded through a construction loan for up to   60%   of the costs and the remaining   40%   was through equity contributions from the   two   members. The Company controls   50%   of the voting interests of TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC, thus it does not control by voting interest alone.  The Company is the named managing member, as such we considered the presumption that a managing member controls the limited liability company. The managing member's responsibilities relate to the routine day-to-day activities of TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC.  However, all operating decisions during development and operations, including the setting and monitoring of the budget, leasing, marketing, financing and selection of the contractor for any of the project's construction, are jointly made by both members of the joint venture. Therefore, the Company concluded that both members have significant participating rights that are sufficient to overcome the presumption of the Company controlling the joint venture through it being named the managing member. Therefore, the investment in TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC is being accounted for under the equity method.  The TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC joint venture is separate from the aforementioned agreement to potentially develop up to   500   acres of land in TRCC. During the fourth quarter of 2013, the TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC joint venture entered into a construction line of credit agreement with a financial institution for   $52,000,000   that, as of   September 30, 2016  , had an outstanding balance of   $51,378,000  .  The Company and Rockefeller guarantee the performance of the debt. 
                
    Centennial Founders, LLC   Centennial Founders, LLC is a joint venture with TRI Pointe Homes (formerly Pardee Homes), Lewis Investment Company, and CalAtlantic Group Inc. (formerly Standard Pacific Corp.) that was organized to pursue the entitlement and development of land that the Company owns in Los Angeles County. Based on the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Centennial Founders, LLC and the change in control and funding that resulted from the amended agreement, Centennial Founders, LLC qualified as a VIE, beginning in the third quarter of 2009 and the Company was determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result, Centennial Founders, LLC has been consolidated into our financial statements beginning in that quarter. Our partners retained a noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. At   September 30, 2016   the Company had a   76.32%   ownership position in Centennial Founders, LLC. 
     The Company s investment balance in its unconsolidated joint ventures differs from its respective capital accounts in the respective joint ventures. The differential represents the difference between the cost basis of assets contributed by the Company and the agreed upon contribution value of the assets contributed. 
  Unaudited condensed balance sheet information of the Company s unconsolidated and consolidated joint ventures as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   and unaudited condensed statements of operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are as follows: 
  Statement of Operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016      

Statement of Operations for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015    

22 

Balance Sheet Information as of   September 30, 2016      

  Balance Sheet Information as of   December 31, 2015      

16.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
  TCWD is a not-for-profit governmental entity, organized on December 28, 1965, pursuant to Division 13 of the Water Code, State of California.   TCWD is a landowner voting district, which requires an elector, or voter, to be an owner of land located within the district.  TCWD was organized to provide the water needs for future municipal and industrial development.   The Company is the largest landowner and taxpayer within TCWD.  The Company has a water service contract with TCWD that entitles us to receive all of TCWD s State Water Project entitlement and all of TCWD s banked water.  TCWD is also entitled to make assessments of all taxpayers within the district, to the extent funds are required to cover expenses and to charge water users within the district for the use of water. From time to time, we transact with TCWD in the ordinary course of business.  
  
   23 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
  Forward-Looking Statements 
   
  This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding strategic alliances, the almond, pistachio and grape industries, the future plantings of permanent crops, future yields, prices and water availability for our crops and real estate operations, future prices, production and demand for oil and other minerals, future development of our property, future revenue and income of our jointly-owned travel plaza and other joint venture operations, potential losses to the Company as a result of pending environmental proceedings, the adequacy of future cash flows to fund our operations, market value risks associated with investment and risk management activities and with respect to inventory, accounts receivable and our own outstanding indebtedness and other future events and conditions. In some cases these statements are identifiable through the use of words such as  anticipate ,  believe ,  estimate ,  expect ,  intend ,  plan ,  project ,  target ,  can ,  could ,  may ,  will ,  should ,  would , and similar expressions. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth, and trends in our business and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of future performances and are subject to assumptions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company, or industry results, to differ materially from any future results, performance, or achievement implied by such forward- looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and important factors include, but are not limited to, weather, market and economic forces, availability of financing for land development activities, competition and success in obtaining various governmental approvals and entitlements for land development activities. No assurance can be given that the actual future results will not differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make for a number of reasons including those described above in the section entitled,  Risk Factors  in this report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
   
  Overview 
  We are a diversified real estate development and agribusiness company committed to responsibly using our land and resources to meet the housing, employment, and lifestyle needs of Californians and to create value for our shareholders. In support of these objectives, we have been investing in land planning and entitlement activities for new industrial and master planned communities and in infrastructure improvements within our active industrial development. Our prime asset is approximately 270,000 acres of contiguous, largely undeveloped land that, at its most southerly border, is 60 miles north of Los Angeles and, at its most northerly border, is 15 miles east of Bakersfield. 
  Our primary business objective is to maximize long-term shareholder value through the monetization of our land-based assets.  A key element of our strategy is to entitle and then develop large-scale residential master planned communities to serve the growing populations of Southern and Central California.   We are currently engaged in commercial sales and leasing at our fully operational commercial/industrial center.  All of these efforts are supported by diverse revenue streams generated from other operations, including farming, mineral resources, ranch operations and our various joint ventures. 
  We currently operate in five business segments: commercial/industrial real estate, resort/residential real estate, mineral resources, farming, and ranch operations. 
  Activities within the commercial/industrial real estate segment include: entitling, planning, and permitting of land for development; construction of infrastructure; construction of pre-leased buildings; construction of buildings to be leased or sold; and the sale of land to third parties for their own development. The commercial/industrial segment also includes activities related to power plant leases, communications leases, and landscape maintenance services. The primary commercial/industrial development is the Tejon Ranch Commerce Center, or TRCC. TRCC includes developments east and west of Interstate 5 at TRCC-East and TRCC-West, respectively. 
  We are also involved in multiple joint ventures with several partners. Our joint venture with TravelCenters of America, or TA/Petro, owns and operates two travel and truck stop facilities, and also operates five separate gas stations with convenience stores within TRCC-West and TRCC-East. We are involved in three joint ventures with Rockefeller Development Group: Five West Parcel LLC, which owns a 606,000 square foot building in TRCC-West that is fully leased; 18-19 West LLC, which owns 61.5 acres of land for future development within TRCC-West; and TRCC/Rock Outlet Center LLC, which operates the Outlets at Tejon, a net leasable 326,000 square foot shopping experience with 70 premiere retailers.  Lastly, we have partnered with Majestic Realty Co. to develop, manage, and operate industrial buildings within TRCC.  The joint ventures help us to expand our commercial/industrial business activities within TRCC. 
  
   24 

The resort/residential real estate segment is actively involved in the land entitlement and development process through wholly-owned subsidiaries and a joint venture. Our active developments within resort/residential are Mountain Village at Tejon, or MV, Centennial at Tejon, or Centennial, and Grapevine at Tejon, or Grapevine.  Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 for a more detailed description of our active developments within resort/residential  
  Our mineral resources segment generates revenues from oil and gas royalty leases, rock and aggregate mining leases, a lease with National Cement, and water sales.  
  The farming segment produces revenues from the sale of wine grapes, almonds, pistachios, and hay.   
  Our ranch operations segment consist of game management revenues and ancillary land uses such as grazing leases and filming. Ranch operations is charged with the upkeep, maintenance, and security of all 270,000 acres of land.  Within game management we operate High Desert Hunt Club, a premier upland bird hunting club, along with various game hunting memberships. 
  For the first   nine   months of   2016   we had net income attributable to common stockholders of   $845,000   compared to net income attributable to common stockholders of   $1,235,000   for the first   nine   months of 2015. This   decrease   was primarily attributable to declines in crop revenues, a result of reduced inventory carryover from the 2015 harvest and falling commodity prices. Oil royalties have also declined as a result of depressed oil prices leading to lower production volumes.  These declines were partially offset by an increase in income from our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
  This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations provides a narrative discussion of our results of operations. It contains the results of operations for each operating segment of the business and is followed by a discussion of our financial position. It is useful to read the business segment information in conjunction with Note 14 (Business Segments) of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies 
  The preparation of our interim financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if (1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and (2) changes in the estimates that are likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, impairment of long-lived assets, capitalization of costs, profit recognition related to land sales, stock compensation, and our defined benefit retirement plan. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
  Our critical accounting policies have not changed since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Please refer to that filing for a description of our critical accounting policies. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Comparison of     nine     months ended     September 30, 2016     to     nine     months ended     September 30, 2015    
  Total revenues for the first   nine   months of   2016   were   $32,881,000   compared to   $35,579,000   for the first   nine   months of   2015  . This   decrease   of   $2,698,000  , or   8%  , is primarily attributable to a decline in farming revenues of   $1,428,000   and mineral resources revenues of   $1,122,000   resulting from reduced water sales and oil royalties. 
  Commercial/industrial real estate segment revenues were   $6,534,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , an   increase   of   $344,000  , or   6%  , compared to the first   nine   months of   2015  .  Leasing activity is driving our commercial revenue growth.  Most notably, we generated $195,000 in additional leasing revenues after delivering a multi-tenant building to Habit Burger and Baja Fresh during the first quarter of 2016.   Additionally, we recognized $53,000 in additional leasing revenue from Pieology which was placed into service during the second quarter of 2015.  Following the growth of TRCC East, landscaping revenues increased $83,000.  
  Commercial/industrial real estate segment expenses were   $5,140,000   during the first   nine   months of   2016  , an   increase   of   $256,000  , or   5%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  This variance is a result of increases in professional services of $106,000, maintenance association fees of $58,000, and repairs and maintenance of $44,000. 
  Resort/residential real estate segment expenses were   $1,252,000   during the first   nine   months of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $633,000  , or   34%  .  The decrease is attributed to additional capitalization of payroll and overhead costs of $431,000 that were identified to be incremental to our master plan development projects.  In addition, there were decreases in professional services of $91,000, property taxes of $74,000, and fees of $56,000. 
  
   25 

Mineral resources segment revenues were   $13,052,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , a decrease of   $1,122,000  , or   8%  ,  compared to the same period in   2015  .  The   $1,122,000     decrease   resulted from a decrease in oil royalty revenues of   $1,171,000   driven by declines in both the price per barrel and production volume.  Production for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was 230,131 and 357,507 barrels, respectively.  The average price per barrel of oil for the   nine   months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $35 and $49, respectively.  We expect no new oil drilling activity and continued slowing in production through 2016 based on current oil prices.  Water sales volumes decreased from   7,922   acre feet in 2015 to   7,285   in 2016 resulting in a revenue decrease of   $564,000  .  Offsetting the decreases were increases in recoverable costs, rock aggregate royalties and cement royalties of $328,000, $184,000 and $80,000, respectively.   
  Mineral resources segment expenses were   $7,160,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , an   increase   of   $137,000  , or   2%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  This variance is largely due to increases in fuel costs of $76,000 related to transferring and banking water.  Also contributing to the increase was a higher cost of sales per acre-foot of water. 
  Farming segment revenues were   $11,042,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $1,428,000  , or   11%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The   $1,428,000   decrease is primarily attributed to the following: 
      Farming segment expenses were   $10,637,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $1,073,000  , or   9%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decline in carryover almond sales accounted for $1,004,000 of the decrease in farming expenses. 
  Ranch operations revenues were   $2,253,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $492,000  , or   18%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease is attributed to a $334,000 decrease in game management revenues.  Also contributing to the decrease is a drought clause taking effect within our grazing leases, amidst the California drought, of $173,000. 
  Ranch operations expenses were   $4,263,000   for the first   nine   months of   2016  , a   decrease   of   $423,000  , or   9%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  This variance is in-line with our expectations given the activity volume within Ranch Operations.  The decrease resulted from declines in staffing costs, outside services, supply costs, and repairs and maintenance of $125,000, $128,000, $82,000, $47,000 respectively. 
  Corporate general and administrative costs   increase  d   $48,000  , or   1%  , to   $9,262,000   during the first   nine   months of   2016   compared to the same period in   2015  .  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , payroll and overhead decreased $477,000 resulting from a reduction in full-time employees.  The decrease in payroll was offset by increases in stock compensation of $269,000 resulting from meeting performance milestones, political contributions of $166,000 and insurance of $88,000. 
  Our share of earnings from our joint ventures was   $5,650,000  , an   increase   of   $789,000  , or   16%  , during the first   nine   months of   2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to a   $569,000   increase in our share of earnings from our TA/Petro joint venture.  The improvement in operations within the TA/Petro joint venture is driven by increased diesel and gas sales volume of 1,415,000 gallons and 667,000 gallons, respectively.  The improvement in the volume of fuel sales is continuing to be driven by increased traffic within TRCC as a result of expanded offerings at TRCC East such as Pieology and Starbucks, and the new Shell gas station.  Fuel margins for the TA/Petro joint venture were 21% and 15% as of   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively, improving net income.  The remainder of the increase is attributed to improved operating results from the Outlets at Tejon. 
  
   26 

Comparison of three months ended     September 30, 2016     to three months ended     September 30, 2015    
  Total revenues for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   were   $13,079,000   compared to   $11,946,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2015  . This   increase   of   $1,133,000  , or   9%  , is primarily attributable to improvements in farming revenues driven by pistachio sales. 
  Commercial/industrial real estate segment revenues were   $2,221,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $120,000  , or   6%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  Leasing activity is driving our commercial revenue growth.  Most notably, we generated $66,000 in additional leasing revenues during the third quarter after delivering a multi-tenant building to Habit Burger and Baja Fresh during the first quarter of 2016.   Also during the third quarter, we earned $60,000 a one-time early termination fee from a tenant.  We have identified a new tenant who will be taking possession of the vacated unit during the fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Commercial/industrial real estate segment expenses were   $1,747,000   during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $148,000  , or   9%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The increase resulted from writing off unamortized tenant allowances of $53,000.  Additionally, repairs and maintenance costs increased $85,000. 
  Resort/residential real estate segment expenses were   $323,000   during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $235,000  , or   42%  .  The decrease comprised of reductions in professional services, fees, and compensation costs of 79,000, $71,000, and $19,000, respectively. 
  Mineral resources segment revenues were   $1,125,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $197,000  , or   15%  ,  compared to the same period in   2015  .  For the quarter, oil royalties decreased $246,000, a result of reduced commodity prices and production volume discussed above.  Improvements in rock aggregate production and recoverable costs of $24,000 and $33,000, respectively, helped to offset declines in oil royalties. 
  Mineral resources segment expenses were   $667,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $61,000  , or   10%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  The increase is attributed to increase fuel charges related to transferring and banking water. 
  Farming segment revenues were   $9,319,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $1,243,000  , or   15%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The   $1,243,000   increase is attributable to the following: 
      Farming segment expenses were   $7,781,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $342,000  , or   4%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease is attributed to the declines in commodity sales. 
  Ranch operations revenues were   $414,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $33,000  , or   7%  , compared to the same period in   2015  .  The decrease is attributed to declines in game management revenues. 
  Ranch operations expenses were   $1,374,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   $300,000  , or   18%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  This variance resulted from decreases in professional and other services of $101,000, compensation of $77,000, repairs and maintenance of $55,000, rentals of $33,000, and supplies of $16,000. 
  Corporate general and administrative costs were   $3,096,000   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $169,000  , or   6%  , compared to the same period in 2015.  For the quarter, professional service costs increased $269,000 resulting from increased legal and information security costs.  Additionally, there was an increase in political contributions of $72,000.  The increases noted were offset by an overall reduction in corporate compensation of $162,000. 
  
   27 

Our share of earnings from our joint ventures was   $2,353,000  , an   increase   of   $298,000  , or   15%  , during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   when compared to the same period in   2015  , primarily due to an $241,000 increase in our share of earnings from our TA/Petro joint venture.  The improvement in operations within the TA/Petro joint venture is driven by increased diesel and gas volumes of 375,000 gallons and 329,000, respectively.  Fuel margins for the TA/Petro joint venture were 19% and 17% for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, respectively.  The remainder of the increase is attributed to improved operating results from the Outlets at Tejon. 
  General Outlook 
  Thus far in 2016 our commercial retail activity has continued to grow as new leases have come on-line with Habit Burger and Baja Fresh.  For the nine-months ended September 30, 2016 we had no leases that expired, nor did we have any material lease renewals.  Our TA/Petro joint venture began construction of an Arby's that is scheduled to open in early 2017. 
  On August 6, 2016, we entered into a limited liability company agreement with Majestic Realty Co., a Los Angeles based commercial/industrial developer, for the purchase of, ownership of, and management of a fully-leased, 651,909 square foot industrial building located at Tejon Ranch Commerce Center. We have a 50% interest in this joint venture.  
  On September 19, 2016, we entered into a second joint venture with Majestic Realty Co. to develop, construct, lease, and manage an industrial building with approximately 480,000 square feet on the Company s property at Tejon Ranch Commerce Center-East.  We have a 50% interest in this joint venture.   
  The logistics operators currently located within our commerce center have demonstrated success in serving all of California and the western region of the United States and we are building from their success in our marketing efforts. We will continue to focus our efforts for TRCC-East and TRCC-West, on the significant labor and logistical benefits of our site, the pro-business approach of Kern County, and the success that the current tenants and owners within our development have experienced to capture more of the warehouse distribution market. Our strategy fits within the logistics model that many companies are using, which favors large centralized distribution facilities which have been strategically located to maximize the balance of inbound and outbound efficiencies rather than a number of decentralized smaller distribution centers. The world class logistics operators located within TRCC have demonstrated success through utilization of this model. They are also demonstrating success with e-commerce fulfillment.  We believe that our ability to provide fully entitled shovel-ready land parcels to support buildings of any size, especially buildings 1.0 million feet or larger can provide us with a potential marketing advantage in the future. We are also expanding our marketing efforts to include industrial users in the Santa Clarita Valley of northern Los Angeles County and the northern part of the San Fernando Valley due to the limited availability of new product and high real estate costs in these locations. Tenants in these geographic areas are typically users of relatively smaller facilities. 
  A potential disadvantage to our development strategy is our distance from the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in comparison to the warehouse/distribution centers located in the Inland Empire, a large industrial area located east of Los Angeles, which continues its expansion eastward beyond Riverside, and San Bernardino to include Perris, Moreno Valley, and Beaumont. As development in the Inland Empire continues to move east and farther away from the ports, our potential disadvantage of our distance from the ports is being mitigated.  Strong demand for large distribution facilities is driving development farther east in a search for large entitled parcels. Through the third quarter of 2016, vacancy rates in the Inland Empire were comparable to 2015, primarily due to demand keeping pace with the development of new buildings for lease. Without the increase in new development the vacancy rate would have declined.  As lease rates increase in the Inland Empire and northern Los Angeles County, we may begin to have a greater pricing advantage due to our low land basis. 
  We expect that the commercial/industrial segment will continue to incur costs at current levels, net of amounts capitalized, primarily related to marketing costs, commissions, planning costs, and staffing costs as we continue forward with our development plans. 
  Most of the expenditures and capital investment incurred within our resort/residential segment will be focused on the achievement of entitlement for Grapevine, Centennial, and tentative tract maps for MV.  The tentative tract maps process is expected to be completed in late 2017.  
  Due to our exposure to the commodity markets, we are unable to accurately predict revenue and we cannot pass on to our customers any cost increases caused by general inflation, except to the extent such inflation is reflected in market conditions and commodity prices.  All of our crops are sensitive to the size of each year s world crop.  Large crops in California and abroad can rapidly depress prices.   Thus far in 2016, prices for almonds and pistachios have declined in comparison to recent years as a result of increasing almond and pistachio supply.  Based on current global inventory estimates, lower prices could carry into 2017. 
  Thus far, wine grape and almond yields are comparable with 2015 yields.  Pistachio yields improved drastically from the historical lows experienced in 2015. 
  
   28 

Because of the oversupply in the oil markets, we expect to continue to see lower oil prices as compared to 2015, which will continue to negatively impact us through the remainder of 2016. 
  The operations of the Company are seasonal and future results of operations cannot be predicted based on quarterly results. Future real estate sales and leasing activity are dependent on market circumstances and specific opportunities and therefore are difficult to predict from period to period.  Historically, the Company's largest percentages of farming revenues are recognized during the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year.   
  For further discussion of the risks and uncertainties that could potentially adversely affect us, please refer to Part I, Item 7    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , or Annual Report, and to Part I, Item 1A - "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report. We continue to be involved in various legal proceedings related to leased acreage. For a further discussion, please refer to Note 12 (Commitments and Contingencies) of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
  Income Taxes 
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Company incurred a net income tax expense of   $503,000   compared to a net income tax expense of   $464,000   for the   nine   months ended   2015  . These represent effective income tax rates of approximately   39%   and   28%   for the   nine   months ended   2016   and,   2015  , respectively.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we did not have income taxes payable.  The Company classifies interest and penalties incurred on tax payments as income tax expenses.  
   
  Cash Flow and Liquidity 
  We manage our cash and marketable securities along with cash flow to allow us to pursue our strategies of land entitlement, development, farming, and conservation. Accordingly, we have established well-defined priorities for our available cash, including investing in core business segments to achieve profitable future growth. We have historically funded our operations with cash flows from operating activities, investment proceeds, short-term borrowings from our bank credit facilities, and long-term debt tied to revenue producing assets.  In the past, we have also issued common stock and used the proceeds for capital investments. To enhance shareholder value, we will continue to make investments in our real estate segments to secure land entitlement approvals, build infrastructure for our developments, and acquire water rights to ensure adequate future water supply. Within our farming segment, we will make investments as needed to improve efficiency and add capacity to its operations when it is profitable to do so. 
  Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled   $31,042,000   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   $3,703,000  , or   11%  , from   December 31, 2015  . Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities decreased during the first   nine   months of   September 30, 2016   due to property and equipment expenditures and real estate investments, which included infrastructure development costs, and increases in farming inventory. These decreases were partially offset by water sale proceeds, reimbursement proceeds for public infrastructure costs from the East CFD, and use of our revolving line of credit. 
  The following table shows our cash flow activities for the   nine   months ended   September 30,      

  Operating Activities 
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , our operations provided   $1,413,000   of cash primarily related to distributions from our joint ventures of $4,500,000 offset by payments on current liabilities and farm crop inventory costs. 
  During the first nine months of 2015, our operations provided $1,541,000 of cash primarily attributable to net income including adjustments for non-cash items, partially offset by increases in farming inventories.  
  Investing Activities 
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , investing activities used   $10,414,000   as a result of   $19,760,000   in capital expenditures.  Capital expenditures include predevelopment activities for our master plan communities which amounted to $3,914,000 for MV, $3,663,000 for Grapevine, and $3,832,000 for Centennial.  At TRCC East, we spent $3,345,000 for infrastructure projects along with completing the multi-tenant building housing Baja Fresh and Habit Burger.  Within our farming segment, we spent $1,837,000 replacing old machinery and equipment along with developing a new almond orchard.  We spent $1,845,000 within our mineral resources group for new wells and water turnouts.  Within ranch operations we acquired $476,000 in new machinery and equipment.  Our capital outlays were offset by reimbursements for public infrastructure costs through the East CFD and other reimbursements of   $4,650,000  .  Additionally, we received $4,966,000 in net proceeds from marketable securities transactions. 
  
   29 

We continuously evaluate our short-term and long-term capital investment needs.  Based on the timing of capital investments, we may supplement our current cash, marketable securities, and operational funding sources through the sale of common stock and the use of additional debt. 
    
  During the first nine months of 2015, investing activities used $5,038,000 of cash primarily as a result of $18,968,000 in capital expenditures consisting of $6,425,000 of investments in TRCC infrastructure, primarily associated with expansion of road infrastructure, utilities, and buildings on land at TRCC-East, $3,306,000 related to the Grapevine Development Area for entitlement activities, $5,263,000 related to TMV pre-development activities, and $2,392,000 related to Centennial Founders LLC for entitlement activities. The remaining capital expenditures related to ordinary capital expenditures such as farming equipment, IT equipment replacements and computer software. These expenditures were partially offset by net proceeds of $7,932,000 from the sale and maturity of marketable securities, reimbursements of $4,971,000 for public infrastructure costs through the East CFD, and distributions of $1,100,000 from our Rockefeller unconsolidated joint venture partner. 
  Our estimated capital investment for the remainder of 2016 will be primarily related to real estate projects. Estimated capital investment includes approximately $2,200,000 of infrastructure development at TRCC-East. This new infrastructure is to support continued commercial retail and industrial development within TRCC-East and to expand water facilities to support future demand. We expect to possibly invest $860,000 for land planning and entitlement activities for the Grapevine, $534,000 for developing tentative tract maps for MV, and $900,000 for entitlement work for Centennial. We will continue to add to our current water assets and water infrastructure as opportunities arise to help secure our ability to supply water to our real estate and farming activities and as an investment, since we believe that the cost of water in California will continue to increase and expect to invest up to $1,000,000 in water assets and infrastructure. We are also planning to invest approximately $200,000 for farming equipment, almond orchards, and grape vines. 
  Financing Activities 
  During the first   nine   months of   2016  , financing activities provided   $10,496,000   in cash mainly due to the timing of drawdowns and repayments on the Company's line of credit. As of   September 30, 2016  , there was an outstanding balance of   $11,000,000   on our revolving line of credit.  The use of our line of credit primarily reflects the cyclical nature of cash flow in our farming segment as inventory costs build as we move into the second half of the year and the harvest season begins.  
  During the first nine months of 2015, financing activities generated $1,371,000 in cash mainly due to the timing of draw downs on the Company's line of credit. At September 30, 2015, there was an outstanding balance of $8,940,000 on our revolving line of credit. Cash used in financing activities was also tied to the buyback of stock at time of the vesting of stock grants for the payment of payroll taxes. 
  It is difficult to accurately predict cash flows due to the nature of our businesses and fluctuating economic conditions. Our earnings and cash flows will be affected from period to period by the commodity nature of our farming operations, the timing of sales and leases of property within our development projects, and the beginning of development within our residential projects. The timing of sales and leases within our development projects is difficult to predict due to the time necessary to complete the development process and negotiate sales or lease contracts. Often, the timing aspect of land development can lead to particular years or periods having more or less earnings than comparable periods. Based on our experience, we believe we will have adequate operating cash flows and availability on our line of credit over the next twelve months to fund ongoing operations. 
  Capital Structure and Financial Condition    
  At   September 30, 2016  , total capitalization at book value was   $407,491,000   consisting of $73,860,000 of long-term debt and   $333,631,000   of equity, resulting in a long-term debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of approximately   18.1%  , which is similar to the long-term debt-to-total-capitalization ratio at   December 31, 2015  .  
  The Company has a Term Note and a Revolving Line of Credit Note, with Wells Fargo, or collectively the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility consists of a $70,000,000 term note, or Term Note, and a   $30,000,000   revolving line of credit, or RLC. Funds from the Term Note were used to finance the Company's purchase of DMB TMV LLC s interest in Tejon Mountain Village LLC as disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014. Any future borrowings under the RLC will be used for ongoing working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. To maintain availability of funds under the RLC, undrawn amounts under the RLC will accrue a commitment fee of 10 basis points per annum. The Company's ability to borrow additional funds in the future under the RLC is subject to compliance with certain financial covenants and making certain representations and warranties. At the Company s option, the interest rate on the RLC can float at 1.50% over a selected LIBOR or can be fixed at 1.50% above LIBOR for a fixed rate term. During the term of the Credit Facility (which matures in September 2019), we can borrow at any time and partially or wholly repay any outstanding borrowings and then re-borrow, as necessary. At   September 30, 2016   the RLC had an outstanding balance of   $11,000,000  . At December 31, 2015, the RLC had no outstanding balance.  
  
   30 

The interest rate per annum applicable to the Term Note is LIBOR (as defined in the Term Note) plus a margin of 170 basis points. The interest rate for the term of the note has been fixed through the use of an interest rate swap at a rate of 4.11%. The Term Note requires interest only payments for the first two years of the term and thereafter requires monthly amortization payments pursuant to a schedule set forth in the Term Note, with the final outstanding principal amount due October 5, 2024. The Company may make voluntary prepayments on the Term Note at any time without penalty (excluding any applicable LIBOR or interest rate swap breakage costs). Each optional prepayment will be applied to reduce the most remote principal payment then unpaid. The Credit Facility is secured by the Company's farmland and farm assets, which include equipment, crops and crop receivables and the power plant lease and lease site, and related accounts and other rights to payment and inventory. 
  The Credit Facility requires compliance with three financial covenants: (a) total liabilities divided by tangible net worth not greater than 0.75 to 1.0 at each quarter end; (b) a debt service coverage ratio not less than 1.25 to 1.00 as of each quarter end on a rolling four quarter basis; and (c) maintain liquid assets equal to or greater than $20,000,000. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
  We also have a promissory note agreement to pay a principal amount of $4,750,000 with CMFG Life Insurance Company, to pay principal and interest due monthly. The interest rate on this promissory note is 4.25% per annum, with principal and interest payments of   $102,700   ending on September 1, 2028. The current outstanding balance is   $4,025,000  . The proceeds from this promissory note were used to eliminate debt that had been previously used to provide long-term financing for a building being leased to Starbucks and provide additional working capital for future investment. The balance of this long-term debt instrument listed above approximates the fair value of the instrument. 
  Our current and future capital resource requirements will be provided by current cash and marketable securities, cash flow from on-going operations, proceeds from the sale of developed and undeveloped parcels, potential sales of assets, additional use of debt, proceeds from the reimbursement of public infrastructure costs through Community Facilities District bond debt (described below under  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements ), and the issuance of common stock. During April 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that went effective in May 2016. Under the shelf registration statement, we may offer and sell in the future one or more offerings, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants or any combination of the foregoing.  
  As noted above, at   September 30, 2016  , we had   $31,042,000   in cash and securities and had   $19,000,000   available on our RLC to meet any short-term liquidity needs.  
  We continue to expect that substantial future investments will be required in order to develop our land assets. In order to meet these long-term capital requirements, we may need to issue common stock and secure additional debt financing and continue to renew our existing credit facilities. In addition, we will use other capital alternatives such as entering into joint ventures. We will use a combination of the above funding sources to properly match funding requirements with the assets or development project being funded. There is no assurance in the future that we can obtain financing or that we can obtain financing at favorable terms. We believe we have adequate capital resources to fund our cash needs and our capital investment requirements as described earlier in the cash flow and liquidity discussions.   
  
   31 

Contractual Cash Obligations 
  The following table summarizes our contractual cash obligations and commercial commitments as of   September 30, 2016  , to be paid over the next five years and thereafter: 

The categories above include purchase obligations and other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet under GAAP. A  purchase obligation  is defined in Item 303(a)(5)(ii)(D) of Regulation S-K as  an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the registrant that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.  Based on this definition, the table above includes only those contracts that include fixed or minimum obligations. It does not include normal purchases, which are made in the ordinary course of business.  
  Our financial obligations to the Tejon Ranch Conservancy are prescribed in the Conservation Agreement. Our advances to the Tejon Ranch Conservancy are dependent on the occurrence of certain events and their timing, and are therefore subject to change in amount and period. The amounts included above are the minimum amounts we anticipate contributing through the year 2021, at which time our current contractual obligation terminates.  
  As discussed in Note 13 (Retirement Plans) of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements, we have long-term liabilities for deferred employee compensation, including pension and supplemental retirement plans. Payments in the above table reflect estimates of future defined benefit plan contributions from the Company to the plan trust, estimates of payments to employees from the plan trust, and estimates of future payments to employees from the Company that are in the SERP program. We estimate that we will contribute approximately   $450,000   to the defined benefit plan during 2016. 
  Our cash contract commitments consist of contracts in various stages of completion related to infrastructure development within our industrial developments and entitlement costs related to our industrial and residential development projects.  
  Our operating lease obligations are for office equipment, several vehicles, and a temporary trailer providing office space and average approximately $25,000 per month. At the present time, we do not have any capital lease obligations or purchase obligations outstanding.  
  Estimated water payments include SWP contracts with WRMWDS, TCWD, TLBWSD, and DRWD. These contracts for the supply of future water run through 2035. In addition, in late 2013 we purchased the assignment of a contract to purchase water. The assigned water contract is with Nickel Family, LLC and obligates us to purchase 6,693 acre-feet of water annually starting in 2014 and running to 2044. Please refer to Note 5 (Long-Term Water Assets) of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding water assets. 
   
  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
  The following table shows contingent obligations we have with respect to certain bonds issued by the CFD:    

32 

The Tejon Ranch Public Facilities Financing Authority, or TRPFFA, is a joint powers authority formed by Kern County and TCWD to finance public infrastructure within the Company s Kern County developments. TRPFFA created two CFDs, the West CFD and the East CFD. The West CFD has placed liens on   420   acres of the Company s land to secure payment of special taxes related to   $28,620,000   of bond debt sold by TRPFFA for TRCC-West. The East CFD has placed liens on   1,931   acres of the Company s land to secure payments of special taxes related to   $55,000,000   of bond debt sold by TRPFFA for TRCC-East. At TRCC-West, the West CFD has no additional bond debt approved for issuance. At TRCC-East, the East CFD has approximately   $65,000,000   of additional bond debt authorized by TRPFFA. 
  In connection with the sale of bonds there is a standby letter of credit for   $5,426,000   related to the issuance of East CFD bonds. The standby letter of credit is in place to provide additional credit enhancement and cover approximately two years of interest on the outstanding bonds. This letter of credit will not be drawn upon unless the Company, as the largest landowner in the CFD, fails to make its property tax payments. As development occurs within TRCC-East there is a mechanism in the bond documents to reduce the amount of the letter of credit.  The Company believes that the letter of credit will never be drawn upon. This letter of credit is for a two-year period of time and will be renewed in two-year intervals as necessary. The annual cost related to the letter of credit is approximately   $83,000  . The assessment of each individual property sold or leased within each CFD is not determinable at this time because it is based on the current tax rate and the assessed value of the property at the time of sale or on its assessed value at the time it is leased to a third-party. Accordingly, the Company is not required to recognize an obligation at   September 30, 2016  . 
  At   September 30, 2016  , aggregate outstanding debt of unconsolidated joint ventures was   $97,963,000  .  We provided a guarantee on   $82,689,000   of this debt, relating to our joint ventures with Rockefeller and Majestic.  We do not provide a guarantee on the   $15,274,000   of debt related to our joint venture with TA/Petro. 
   
  Non-GAAP Measures 
  EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, a non-GAAP financial measure, and is used by us and others as a supplemental measure of performance and liquidity. We use Adjusted EBITDA to assess the performance of our core operations, for financial and operational decision making, and as a supplemental or additional means of evaluating period-to-period comparisons on a consistent basis. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as EBITDA, excluding stock compensation expense. We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides investors relevant and useful information because it permits investors to view income from our operations on an unleveraged basis before the effects of taxes, depreciation and amortization, and stock compensation expense. By excluding interest expense and income, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA allow investors to measure our performance independent of our capital structure and indebtedness and, therefore, allow for a more meaningful comparison of our performance to that of other companies, both in the real estate industry and in other industries. We believe that excluding charges related to share-based compensation facilitates a comparison of our operations across periods and among other companies without the variances caused by different valuation methodologies, the volatility of the expense (which depends on market forces outside our control), and the assumptions and the variety of award types that a company can use. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as measures of our performance. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA do not reflect our historical cash expenditures or future cash requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments. While EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are relevant and widely used measures of performance, they do not represent net income or cash flows from operations as defined by GAAP, and they should not be considered as alternatives to those indicators in evaluating performance or liquidity. Further, our computation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to similar measures reported by other companies. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
  Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact the financial position, results of operations, or cash flows of the Company due to adverse changes in financial or commodity market prices or rates. We are exposed to market risk in the areas of interest rates and commodity prices. 
  
   33 

Financial Market Risks 
  Our exposure to financial market risks includes changes to interest rates and credit risks related to marketable securities, interest rates related to our outstanding indebtedness and, market and credit risks related to trade receivables. 
  The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing yields and prudently managing risk. To achieve this objective and limit interest rate exposure, we limit our investments to securities with a maturity of less than five years and an investment grade rating from Moody s or Standard   Poor s. See Note 3 (Marketable Securities) of the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  Our current RLC has an outstanding balance of   $11,000,000  . The interest rate on the RLC can either float at 1.50% over a selected LIBOR, or can be fixed at 1.50% above LIBOR for a fixed term for a limited period of time and change only at maturity of the fixed rate portion. The floating rate and fixed rate options within our RLC help us manage our interest rate exposure on any outstanding balances. 
  We are exposed to interest rate risk on our long-term debt. Long-term debt consists of two term loans. The first term loan is for   $70,000,000   and has a rate that is tied to LIBOR plus a margin of 1.70%. The interest rate for the term of this loan has been fixed through the use of an interest rate swap that fixed the rate at 4.11%. The second term loan has an outstanding balance of   $4,025,000   and has a fixed rate of 4.25%. We believe it is prudent at times to limit the variability of floating-rate interest payments and have from time-to-time entered into interest rate swap arrangements to manage those fluctuations, as we did with the first loan mentioned above.  
  Market risk related to our farming inventories ultimately depends on the value of almonds, grapes, and pistachios at the time of payment or sale. Market risk related to our farming inventories is discussed below in the section pertaining to commodity price exposure. Credit risk related to our receivables depends upon the financial condition of our customers. Based on historical experience with our current customers and periodic credit evaluations of our customers  financial conditions, we believe our credit risk is minimal.  
  The following tables provide information about our financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The tables present our debt obligations and marketable securities and their related weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates. 
    
  Interest Rate Sensitivity Financial Market Risks 
  Principal Amount by Expected Maturity 
  At   September 30, 2016    
  (In thousands except percentage data) 

34 

Interest Rate Sensitivity Financial Market Risks 
  Principal Amount by Expected Maturity 
  At   December 31, 2015 
  (In thousands except percentage data) 

Commodity Price Exposure 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we have exposure to adverse price fluctuations associated with certain inventories and accounts receivable. Farming inventories consist of farming cultural and processing costs related to 2015 and 2016 crop production. The farming costs inventoried are recorded at actual costs incurred. Historically, these costs have been recovered each year when that year s crop harvest has been sold. 
  With respect to accounts receivable, the amount at risk relates primarily to farm crops. These receivables are recorded as estimates of the prices that ultimately will be received for the crops. The final price is generally not known for several months following the close of our fiscal year. Of the   $8,612,000   of accounts receivable outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , $5,900,000 or 77%, is at risk to changing prices. Of the amount at risk to changing prices, $5,736,000 is attributable to pistachios and $164,000 is attributable to almonds. The comparable amount of accounts receivable at risk to price changes at   December 31, 2015   was $3,529,000, or 54% of the total accounts receivable of   $6,511,000  .  
  The price estimated for recording accounts receivable for pistachios recorded at   September 30, 2016   was $2.01 per pound compared to $2.88 per pound at   December 31, 2015  . For each $0.01 change in the price of pistachios, our receivable for pistachios increases or decreases by $28,000. Although the final price of pistachios (and therefore the extent of the risk) is not presently known, over the last three years prices have ranged from $3.82 to $4.92. With respect to almonds, the price estimated for recording the receivable was $2.00 per pound compared to $3.44 per pound at   December 31, 2015  . For each $0.01 change in the price of almonds, our receivable for almonds increases or decreases by $820. The range of final prices over the last three years for almonds has ranged from $1.71 to $4.24 per pound.  
  
   35 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
           (a) 
    Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
     As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the urities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in ensuring that all information required in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 
           (b) 
    Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
     There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
   
  PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
  Please refer to Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
    
  Item 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A or elsewhere in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
    
  Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Not applicable. 
    
  Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  Not applicable. 
    
  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 
    
  Item 5. Other Information 
  On October 27, 2016, the Kern County Planning Commission unanimously recommended approval of the company s Grapevine community by the Kern County Board of Supervisors after its review of the Environmental Impact Report and the Grapevine Specific and Community Plan, which is the final step in the local plan approval process.  The company s master planned Grapevine community includes 12,000 residential units and 5.1 million square feet of commercial and industrial space.  The Kern County Board of Supervisors is expected to take action on the recommendation in December 2016. 

36 

Item 6. Exhibits: 

3.1 

Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
      
    FN 1 

3.2 

By-Laws 
      
    FN 1 

4.1 

Form of First Additional Investment Right 
      
    FN 2 

4.2 

Form of Second Additional Investment Right 
      
    FN 3 

4.3 

Registration and Reimbursement Agreement 
      
    FN 10 

10.1 

Water Service Contract with Wheeler Ridge-Maricopa Water Storage District (without exhibits), amendments originally filed under Item 11 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
      
    FN 4 

10.7 

*Severance Agreement 
      
    FN 5 

10.8 

*Director Compensation Plan 
      
    FN 5 

10.9 

*Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan 
      
    FN 13 

37 

10.34 

Amendments to Lease Agreement with Pastoria Energy Facility L.L.C.  
      
    FN 22 

10.35 

Water Supply Agreement with Pastoria Energy Facility L.L.C. 
      
    FN 23 

10.36 

*Separation Agreement - Gregory J. Tobias 
      
    FN 24 

10.37 

Limited Liability Agreement of TRC-MRC 2, LLC 
      
    FN 25 

10.38 

Limited Liability Agreement of TRC-MRC 1, LLC 
      
    Filed herewith 

31.1 

Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 

32 

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.INS 
      
    XBRL Instance Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.SCH 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.CAL 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.DEF 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.LAB 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

101.PRE 
      
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
      
    Filed herewith 

* 
    Management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 

38 

FN 1 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 1987, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 2 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 3 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number I-7183) as Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 4 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 5 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the period ending December 31, 1997, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 6 
       
    This document filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 14 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 7 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 8 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 9 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 10 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 20, 2005, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 11 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.24 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2006, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 12 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.28 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2008, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 13 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.9 to our Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 14 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.10 to our Annual Report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, is incorporated herein by reference 
      FN 15 
       
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2009, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 16 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) under Item 6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending March 31, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 17 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.27 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 18 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 19 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.29 to our Amended Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2013, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 20 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.30 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 21 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibits 10.31-10.33 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 17, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference. 
      FN 22 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.34 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, is incorporated herein by reference.  

39 

FN 23 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.35 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference.  
      FN 24 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.36 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2015, is incorporated herein by reference.  
      FN 25 
      
    This document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington, D.C. (file number 1-7183) as Exhibit 10.37 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2016, is incorporated herein by reference.  

40 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, on   November 8, 2016  . 
    
               TEJON RANCH CO. 
      (The Company) 

/s/    Allen E. Lyda 
      Allen E. Lyda 
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Treasurer 

/s/    Robert D. Velasquez 
      Robert D. Velasquez 
      Vice President of Finance, Chief Accounting Officer 

41 

<EX-10.38>
 2
 ex1038llagreementoftrc-mrc1.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.38

Exhibit 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF  
  TRC MRC 1, LLC 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 15 U.S.C.   15b   ET     SEQ  ., AS AMENDED (THE "  FEDERAL ACT  "), IN RELIANCE UPON ONE (1) OR MORE EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE FEDERAL ACT.  IN ADDITION, THE ISSUANCE OF THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN QUALIFIED UNDER THE DELAWARE SECURITIES ACT, THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATE SECURITIES LAW OF 1968 OR ANY OTHER STATE SECURITIES LAWS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "  STATE ACTS  "), IN RELIANCE UPON ONE (1) OR MORE EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION PROVISIONS OF THE STATE ACTS.  IT IS UNLAWFUL TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN TO, OR TO RECEIVE ANY CONSIDERATION THEREFOR FROM, ANY PERSON OR ENTITY WITHOUT THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE COMPANY THAT THE PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY DOES NOT AFFECT THE AVAILABILITY TO THE COMPANY OF SUCH EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION, AND THAT SUCH PROPOSED SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS.  THE TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IS FURTHER RESTRICTED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT GOVERNING THE COMPANY, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH THE COMPANY. 

EXHIBITS 
           Exhibit "A" 
    Names, Addresses, Percentage Interests and Initial Cash Contributions of the Members 
              Exhibit "B" 
    Legal Description of the Property 
              Exhibit "C" 
    Pre-Development Budget 
              Exhibit "D" 
    Contribution Agreement 
              Exhibit "E" 
    Construction Contract 
              Exhibit "F" 
    List of Pre-Approved Consultants 
              Exhibit "G" 
    Master Developer Work 
              Exhibit "H" 
    Right of First Refusal 

LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT  OF  TRC MRC 1, LLC 

THIS LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF TRC MRC 1, LLC, is entered into effective as of September 19, 2016 (the "  Effective Date  "), by and between TEJON INDUSTRIAL CORP., a California corporation ("  Tejon  "), and MAJESTIC TEJON I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("  Majestic  ").  The capitalized terms used herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in Article XIV. 
    
  ARTICLE I    
  FORMATION 
  1.01        Formation 
  The Members hereby form a Delaware limited liability company pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act and this Agreement.  In connection therewith, the Administrative Member, as an authorized person of the Company, shall execute (i) a Certificate of Formation for the Company in accordance with the Delaware Act, which shall be duly filed with the Office of the Delaware Secretary of State, and (ii) a Limited Liability Company Application for Registration (Form LLC 5), which shall be duly filed with the Office of the California Secretary of State.  The Administrative Member shall also execute, acknowledge and/or verify such other documents and/or instruments as may be necessary and/or appropriate to form the Company under the Delaware Act, to continue its existence in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Act and/or to register, qualify to do business and/or operate its business in California as a foreign limited liability company in accordance with the provisions of the California Act. 
    
  1.02        Names and Addresses 
  The name of the Company is "TRC MRC 1, LLC."  The registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware shall be at 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, Delaware 19904.  The name and address of the registered agent for the Company in the State of Delaware shall be National Corporate Research, Ltd., 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, Dover, Delaware 19904.  The name and address of the registered agent for the Company in the State of California shall be Michael Durham, c/o Majestic Realty Co., 13191 Crossroads Parkway North, 6   th    Floor, City of Industry, California 91746-3497.  The principal office of the Company shall be at 13191 Crossroads Parkway North, 6   th    Floor, City of Industry, California 91746-3497.  The names and addresses of the Members are set forth on   Exhibit "A"   attached hereto. 
    
  1.03        Nature of Business 
  The express, limited and only purposes for which the Company is to exist are (i) to acquire that certain real property consisting of approximately twenty-five and 61/100ths (25.61) net acres (28.01 gross acres) of land located within the Tejon Ranch Commerce Center in the County of Kern, State of California, and described more particularly on   Exhibit "B"   attached hereto (the "  Property  "), (ii) to develop and construct upon the Property an approximately four hundred eighty thousand four hundred eighty (480,480) square foot industrial building, together with parking and any and all related on-site and off-site  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            1 
  1 
  FINAL VERSION 

improvements appurtenant thereto (collectively, the "  Improvements  "), (iii) to own, lease, maintain, manage, finance, refinance, hold for long-term investment, market, sell, exchange, transfer and otherwise realize the economic benefit from the Property and the Improvements (collectively, the "  Project  "), and (iv) to conduct such other activities with respect to the Project as are necessary and/or appropriate to carrying out the foregoing purposes and to do all things incidental to or in furtherance of the above enumerated purposes. 
  In furtherance of the foregoing terms of this Section 1.03, the following actions shall be taken:  Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Member shall make the contribution to the capital of the Company provided for in Section 3.01(a).  Such contributions shall be applied (A) to reimburse each Member (and its Affiliates), and/or (B) to pay directly the costs and expenses incurred by the Company that are set forth in the Pre-Development Budget (as defined in Section 2.06).  Any third-party reports, studies or other work product paid for, or reimbursed by, the Company shall be the property of the Company (regardless of whether such reports, studies or other work product was prepared prior to the formation of the Company).  If the Executive Committee approves the business plan for the first Business Plan Period pursuant to Section 2.07, then Tejon shall contribute the Property to the Company within three (3) Business Days following such approval in accordance with the terms of Section 3.01(b)(i) and Majestic shall make the cash contribution to the capital of the Company provided for in Section 3.01(b)(ii). 
    
  1.04        Term of Company 
  The term of the Company shall commence on the date the Certificate of Formation for the Company is filed with the Office of the Delaware Secretary of State, and shall continue in perpetuity, unless dissolved sooner pursuant to Article XII unless extended by the Executive Committee.  The existence of the Company as a separate legal entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Company's Certificate of Formation. 
    
  ARTICLE II 
  MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY 
    
  2.01        Formation of Executive Committee 
    
  (a)            Executive Committee Matters  .  Any matter requiring the consent or approval of the Members under this Agreement shall be made by the Members acting through an executive committee (the "  Executive Committee  ") in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.01 and Section 2.02.  The Executive Committee shall also be responsible for establishing the policies and procedures to be followed by the Administrative Member. 
  (b)        Composition of the Executive Committee  .  The Executive Committee shall be composed of four (4) representatives (individually, a "  Representative  " and collectively, the "  Representatives  ").  Each Member shall appoint two (2) Representatives to the Executive Committee.  Tejon hereby appoints Allen Lyda ("  Lyda  ") and Hugh McMahon ("  McMahon  ") as its initial Representatives.  Majestic hereby appoints Brett Tremaine and Thomas Simmons as its initial Representatives.  If the initial or replacement Representative of any Member ceases to serve, then such Member shall replace its Representative with a new Representative.  Any replacement Representative appointed by a Member pursuant to the preceding  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            2 
  2 
  FINAL VERSION 

sentence shall be subject to the approval of the other Member, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.  The authorized number of Representatives on the Executive Committee may be increased or decreased only with the prior written approval of both Members. 
    
  2.02        Committee Procedures 
    
  (a)            Quorum  .  A "  Quorum  " for the Executive Committee shall be the presence of at least one (1) Representative of each Member.  In the absence of a Quorum, the Representative(s) of the Executive Committee so present may adjourn the meeting until a Quorum is present.  The Executive Committee shall meet at least quarterly on a day designated by the Administrative Member.  The Executive Committee shall hold such other regularly scheduled meetings as are determined by the Administrative Member.  Meetings shall be held on a Business Day at the principal executive office of the Company during normal business hours, unless otherwise agreed to by the Executive Committee.  Notice of any regularly scheduled meeting of the Executive Committee shall be given by the Administrative Member to all of the Representatives no fewer than ten (10) days and no more than thirty (30) days prior to the date of any such meeting.  Any Representative may participate telephonically in any regular meeting of the Executive Committee.  The attendance of a Representative of the Executive Committee at a regularly scheduled meeting of the Executive Committee (either in person or telephonically) shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a Representative of the Executive Committee attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not properly called or convened.  Minutes of the Executive Committee shall not be required to be prepared or maintained.  Resolutions of the Executive Committee, when signed by a Quorum present at the applicable meeting, shall be binding and conclusive evidence of the decisions reflected therein and any authorization granted thereby. 
    
  (b)        Decisions of the Executive Committee  .  Subject to Section 2.02(f), all decisions and actions of the Executive Committee shall require the affirmative vote of (i) a majority of the Representatives present at such meeting, and (ii) at least one (1) Representative appointed by each Member at a meeting at which a Quorum is present. 
    
  (c)            Special Meetings  .  Special meetings of the Executive Committee may be called by or at the request of any Representative and shall be held on a Business Day at the principal executive office of the Company.  Notice of any such special meeting of the Executive Committee shall be given by the calling Representative specifying the time of the meeting to all of the other Representatives no fewer than two (2) Business Days and no more than ten (10) days prior to the date of such meeting.  Any Representative may participate telephonically in any special meeting of the Executive Committee.  The attendance of a Representative of the Executive Committee at a special meeting of the Executive Committee (either in person or telephonically) shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a Representative of the Executive Committee attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business because the meeting was not properly called or convened.  The business to be transacted at, and the purpose of, any special meeting of the Executive Committee need not be specified in the notice or  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            3 
  3 
  FINAL VERSION 

waiver of notice of such meeting.  Notice of any special meeting may be waived by each Representative of the Executive Committee. 
    
  (d)        Telephonic Participation  .  Representatives of the Executive Committee may participate in any meetings of the Executive Committee telephonically or through other similar communications equipment provided that all of the Representatives participating in such meeting can hear each another.  Participation in a meeting pursuant to the preceding sentence shall constitute presence in person at such meeting for all purposes of this Agreement. 
    
  (e)            Transaction of Business  .  Provided that notice of a meeting has been given in the manner set forth herein, a Quorum shall be entitled to transact business at any meeting of the Executive Committee. 
    
  (f)            Actions Without Meetings  .  Any decision or action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Executive Committee or any other decision or action that may be taken at a meeting of the Executive Committee may be taken without a meeting if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by at least one (1) Representative of each Member, which shall have the same effect as an act taken at a properly called and constituted meeting with a Quorum of the Executive Committee at which all of the Representatives of the Executive Committee were present and voting. 
    
  (g)        Proxies  .  Each Representative may authorize another person or persons to act for him or her by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after sixty (60) days from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.  A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power.  A Representative may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by delivering a proxy in accordance with applicable law bearing a later date to the Administrative Member. 
    
  (h)        Limitations on Authority  .  None of the Members, Representatives or Officers, without the prior consent of the Executive Committee, may take any action on behalf of or in the name of the Company, or enter into any commitment or obligation binding upon the Company, except for (i) actions expressly authorized by this Agreement, and (ii) actions by any Member (or Representative or Officer) within the scope of such Member's (or Representative's or Officer's) authority granted under this Agreement. 
    
  (i)            Compensation  .  Except as otherwise approved by the Executive Committee, no Representative shall be entitled to receive any salary, remuneration or reimbursement from the Company for his or her services as a Representative. 
    
  (j)            Involvement of the Representatives  .  Each Member shall cause its Representatives to devote such time as is reasonably necessary to carry out its duties and obligations as a Representative of the Executive Committee. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            4 
  4 
  FINAL VERSION 

(a)            Resolving Deadlocks  .  If the Executive Committee is deadlocked on any Major Decision (as defined in Section 2.04), then the Representatives shall consult with one another in a good faith attempt to resolve such deadlock for a period of sixty (60) days (or such longer period as is unanimously agreed to by the Representatives).  The failure of the Representatives to resolve any such impasse for any reason prior to the expiration of such sixty (60)-day period shall constitute an "  Impasse Event  " under this Agreement (so long as the deadlock that resulted in such impasse remains unresolved).  Prior to the expiration of such sixty (60)-day period (or such longer period as is unanimously agreed to by the Representatives), neither Member may elect to commence the buy/sell procedure set forth in Article VIII as result of any deadlock on any Major Decision. 
    
  2.03        Administrative Member 
    
  The Members hereby initially designate Majestic as the "  Administrative Member  " of the Company.  The Administrative Member shall serve as the Administrative Member, unless and until it resigns as provided in Section 2.16(b), is removed pursuant to Section 2.16(c) or ceases to be a member of the Company.  The Administrative Member hereby agrees to use its commercially reasonable efforts to carry out the business and affairs of the Company and to devote such time to the Company as is necessary, in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Member, for the efficient operation of the business and affairs of the Company.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including Sections 2.04, 2.11, 2.12, 2.13 and 2.14, which assign certain obligations or decision-making authority to Tejon or the Executive Committee), the Administrative Member shall be responsible for (i) preparing and implementing each Approved Business Plan (including, without limitation, each Development Plan, Development Budget, Operating Budget and Marketing Plan contained therein), (ii) implementing the decisions of the Executive Committee, (iii) reporting to the Executive Committee as to the status of the business and affairs of the Company, (iv) managing, supervising, and conducting the day-to-day business and affairs of the Company, and (v) performing such other services delegated to the Administrative Member under this Agreement including, without limitation, (A) the development and construction management services delegated to the Administrative Member under Section 2.11, (B) the marketing and leasing management services delegated to the Administrative Member under Section 2.13, (C) the property management services delegated to the Administrative Member under Section 2.14, and (D) the reporting and accounting functions delegated to the Administrative Member under Article XI.  The Administrative Member may not assign or delegate its duties or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Executive Committee. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            5 
  5 
  FINAL VERSION 

2.04        Approval of Major Decisions 
    
  Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, neither the Administrative Member nor the other Member may cause the Company to undertake, and the prior approval of the Executive Committee shall be required for, any and all of the following matters (collectively, the "  Major Decisions  "), unless and to the extent such matters have been specifically approved in the applicable Approved Business Plan: 
    
  (a)            Approved Business Plans  .  The approval of each business plan for the Company (and any material amendment, modification, revision or update thereof) including each Development Plan, Development Budget and Operating Budget contained therein; 
    
  (b)        Sale of Project  .  The sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the Project (exclusive of any lease of any portion of the Project); 
    
  (c)            Lease of the Project  .  The form and execution of any lease for all or any portion of the Project or any amendment, modification, extension or termination of any lease for all or any portion of the Project; 
    
  (d)        Financing  .  The procurement of any financing or refinancing (including, without limitation, any acquisition, development, construction, interim and long-term financing or refinancing in connection with the Project or the entering into of any modification, amendment or other agreement of any financing or refinancing; 
    
  (e)            Plans and Specifications  .  Except as previously approved in the Approved Business Plan, or any change order within the limits of Section 2.04(h), the approval of the plans and specifications for the Improvements (and any material amendment or material modification thereof); 
  (f)            Selection and Retention of Architect and Engineer  .  Except for Commerce Construction Co., L.P., a California limited partnership ("  Commerce  "), in its capacity as architect and structural engineer, the selection and/or retention by the Company of any other architect or structural engineer in connection with the construction of the Improvements and the terms of any contract entered into by and between the Company and any such architect or engineer including, without limitation, any contract entered into by the Company with Commerce (and any amendment, modification or termination of any contract entered into by the Company with any architect or engineer); 
    
  (g)        Construction Contract  .  The selection and/or retention by the Company of any general contractor (other than Commerce) and the execution or delivery by the Company of any construction contract and any amendment, modification or termination of any construction contract, but excluding any amendment or modification to the Construction Contract (as defined in Section 2.10) resulting from any change order previously approved under Section 2.04(h) below; 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            6 
  6 
  FINAL VERSION 

(h)        Change Orders  .  The approval by the Company of any change order relating to the construction of the Improvements if (i) such change order would cause a material change in the quality of the Improvements, (ii) the cost of any such change order exceeds Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000), or (iii) the aggregate cost of the change order under consideration, together with all prior change orders, exceeds One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000); 
    
  (i)            Selection and Retention of Replacement Property Manager  .  The selection and/or retention by the Company of any property manager that will replace either the Administrative Member or Tejon as a property manager for the Project and the execution or delivery by the Company of any property management agreement with any such replacement property manager and any amendment, modification, extension or termination of any such property management agreement; 
    
  (j)            Selection and Retention of Attorneys  .  The selection and/or retention of any attorney by the Company; 
    
  (k)        Expenditures Outside of Budgets  .  The making of any expenditure by the Company that is not specifically included or contemplated under any Approved Business Plan for the Company, other than as permitted under Section 2.08 and/or Section 2.09; 
    
  (l)            Contracts with Affiliates  .  Except as provided in Sections 2.10, 2.11, 2.12, 2.13, 2.14 and 2.15, the entry into by the Company of any contract with or otherwise making any payment to any Member or any Affiliate of any Member and with respect to any such contract, the making of any material amendment, modification, extension and/or rescission thereof; the declaration of a default thereunder; the institution, settlement and/or compromise of a claim with respect thereto; the waiver of any rights of the Company against the other party(ies) thereto; or the consent to the assignment of any rights and/or the delegation of any duties by the other party(ies) thereto; 
    
  (m)        Material Agreements  .  Except as provided in the Approved Business Plan, the execution or delivery by the Company of any agreement obligating the Company to pay an amount of more than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) and any amendment, modification, extension or termination of any such agreement, including, without limitation, any agreement providing for the payment of any commission, fee or other compensation payable in connection with the sale of all or any portion of the Project; 
  (n)        Rebuild  .  The election to rebuild all or any portion of the Project following a casualty in any case where the Company has the right to elect whether or not to rebuild under the applicable agreements to which the Company is a party; 
  (o)        Press Release  .  The making of any press release for any purpose relating to the Company or the Project; 
  (p)        Employees  .  The hiring of any employee by the Company; 
  (q)        Taxes and Accounting  .  The selection or changing of the Company's depreciation or other tax accounting methods or elections, changing the Fiscal Year or taxable year of the Company, or making  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            7 
  7 
  FINAL VERSION 

any other material decisions with respect to the treatment of various transactions for accounting or tax purposes that may adversely affect the Members; 
  (r)            Confess Judgments  .  The confession of a judgment against the Company for an amount that exceeds Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000); the payment, compromise, settlement or other adjustment of any claims against the Company for an amount that exceeds Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000); or the commencement or settlement of any legal actions or proceedings brought by or against the Company if the amount in dispute with respect to such action or proceeding exceeds Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000); 
  (s)            Loans  .  The lending of any funds by the Company to any Member or any Affiliate thereof or to any third party, or the extension by the Company of credit to any Person on behalf of the Company; 
  (t)            Guaranty  .  The execution or delivery of any document or agreement that would cause the Company to become a surety, guarantor, endorser, or accommodation endorser for any Person, except to the extent such guaranty or endorsement is included in the then applicable Approved Business Plan; 
  (u)        Bankruptcy  .  Any of the following:  (i) the filing of any voluntary petition in bankruptcy on behalf of the Company; (ii) the consenting to the filing of any involuntary petition in bankruptcy against the Company; (iii) the filing by the Company of any petition seeking, or consenting to, the reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy or insolvency; (iv) the consenting to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Company or a substantial part of the Company's property; (v) the making of any assignment by the Company for the benefit of creditors; (vi) the admission in writing of the Company's inability to pay its debts generally as they become due; or (vii) the taking of any action by the Company in furtherance of any such action; 
  (v)        Admission and Withdrawals  .  Except as permitted pursuant to Articles VI, VII and VIII, the admission or withdrawal of any Member into or from the Company; 
  (w)        Merger or Consolidation  .  The entry into by the Company of any merger, consolidation or other material corporate transaction; 
  (x)        Acquisition of Property  .  The acquisition of any property by the Company (other than the Property) and the terms and conditions for any such acquisition; 
  (y)        Purpose  .  The modification or change in the business purpose of the Company; 
  (z)            Amendments to the Agreement  .  Any amendment to this Agreement (other than amendment reflecting the admission or withdrawal of a Member in accordance with the provisions of Articles VI, VII or VIII); 
  (aa)        Engaging in Other Businesses  .  The engagement of the Company in any business or activity outside the scope of the Company's business set forth in this Agreement; 
  (bb)        Dissolution  .  Except as required by this Agreement, the dissolution or liquidation of the Company; 
  (cc)        Acts in Contravention  .  Any act in contravention of this Agreement; and 
  (dd)        Other Matters  .  Any other decision or matter described as a Major Decision in this Agreement. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            8 
  8 
  FINAL VERSION 

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.04, neither the Administrative Member nor the other Member shall undertake any action, expend any sum, make any decision, give any consent, approval or authorization or incur any obligation with respect to any of the foregoing Major Decisions, unless and until such matter has been approved by the Executive Committee (or such matter has been specifically approved in the then applicable Approved Business Plan).  Each Representative of the Executive Committee may withhold its approval of any Major Decision in such Representative's sole and absolute discretion, except for the Major Decisions described in Sections 2.04(a), (c), (d), (e), (f), (h) and (i) (for which such approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either Member may, without prior approval of the Executive Committee, take any action reasonably necessary to protect life or property, in the event of an emergency where it is impractical to obtain such prior approval; provided that the Member taking the action 
  shall use its best efforts to advise the Representatives as soon as possible of the nature of the emergency and the emergency actions taken. 
    
  2.05        Consents and Approvals 
  Either Member shall seek the approval of the Executive Committee with respect to any proposed matter set forth in Section 2.04 by delivering written notice to the Representatives describing such proposed action in sufficient detail so as to enable the Representatives to exercise an informed judgment with respect thereto.  Such notice shall constitute a call for a special meeting of the Executive Committee as provided in Section 2.02(c) and shall specify a time for the meeting and shall be deemed a notice by the requesting Member's Representatives for purposes of Section 2.02(c).  The Executive Committee shall then meet and either approve or disapprove the proposed action.  The Representative(s) of the other Member shall set forth their reasons if they disapprove such action, or may approve the requested action without a meeting as provided in Section 2.02(f).  If the Executive Committee fails to meet or otherwise approve the requested action (as provided herein) on or before the expiration of the Response Period, then it shall be conclusively presumed to have disapproved such action.  The term "  Response Period  " means (i) if a response time is expressly set forth in this Agreement, then the period of time during which the Member is required to respond, or (ii) if no response time period is expressly set forth in this Agreement, then five (5) Business Days following the effective date of the written notice describing any proposed action requiring the consent or approval of such Member. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            9 
  9 
  FINAL VERSION 

2.06        Pre-Development Budget 
  The Members have approved a pre-development budget (the "  Pre-Development Budget  ") for the Company, which is set forth on   Exhibit "C"   attached hereto.  The Pre-Development Budget sets forth the pre-development costs and expenses incurred by the Members from and after March 23, 2016, through the Effective Date and the projected pre-development costs and expenses that will be incurred by the Company after the Effective Date.  The pre-development costs and expenses include costs and expenses for the due diligence investigation and review of the Property and costs and expenses to obtain the approvals necessary to prepare the Development Plan and Development Budget.  The Administrative Member shall not cause the Company to incur any costs or expenses in connection with the pre-development of the Project, unless such costs and expenses are set forth in the Pre-Development Budget (or the Executive Committee otherwise approves such costs or expenses in its sole and absolute discretion).  In addition, no Member shall be reimbursed by the Company for any costs or expenses incurred in connection with the pre-development of the Project, except to the extent such costs and expenses are set forth in the Pre-Development Budget (or the Executive Committee otherwise approves such costs or expenses in its sole and absolute discretion). 
    
  2.07        Approved Business Plan 
  Within one hundred eighty (180) days following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Majestic shall prepare and submit to the Executive Committee for its review and approval the annual business plan for the Company's first Business Plan Period.  If Majestic does not deliver the annual business plan for the first Business Plan Period to the Executive Committee within such one hundred eighty (180)-day period, then Tejon shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time thereafter, to elect to dissolve the Company by delivering written notice of such election to the other Member in accordance with the terms of Section 12.01(a) (provided such right shall terminate if and when the Executive Committee approves the initial business plan for the Company).  If Majestic timely delivers the annual business plan to the Executive Committee for the Company's first Business Plan Period, but the Executive Committee does not approve such business plan for any reason on or prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date, then each Member shall have the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time thereafter, to elect to dissolve the Company by delivering written notice of such election to the other Member in accordance with the terms of Section 12.01(b) (provided such right shall terminate if and when the Executive Committee approves the initial business plan).  Within three (3) Business Days following the approval of the initial business plan, the Executive Committee and Tejon shall execute and deliver that certain Contribution Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "D"   (the "  Contribution Agreement  ").  
  On or before the Applicable ABP Date (as defined below), the Administrative Member shall submit a new annual business plan for each ensuing Business Plan Period to the Executive Committee for its review and approval.  Each annual business plan shall include, without limitation, (i) a narrative description of the proposed objectives and goals for the Company, which shall include a description of any major transaction to be undertaken by the Company for such Business Plan Period (or other period); (ii) for the first Business Plan Period, a Development Plan and Development Budget as described in Section 2.08 for the Improvements; (iii) for the first Business Plan Period, the status of the construction of the Improvements; (iv) following the Project Stabilization Date (as reasonably determined by the  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            10 
  10 
  FINAL VERSION 

Administrative Member), a revised Operating Budget, as more particularly described in Section 2.09 below; (v) a Marketing Plan as described in Section 2.13 for the Improvements; and (vi) such other items as are reasonably requested by either Member.  The term "  Applicable ABP Date  " means (A) with respect to the Company s second Business Plan Period, thirty (30) days after the start of such second Business Plan Period; (B) with respect to the Company s third Business Plan Period, the later of (1) thirty (30) days after the start of the Company s second Business Plan Period, or (2) ninety (90) days prior to the start of such third Business Plan Period; and (C) with respect to all subsequent Business Plan Periods, ninety (90) days prior to the start of each such Business Plan Period. 
  Each new annual business plan shall be subject to the review and approval of the Executive Committee.  The annual business plan for the applicable Business Plan Period (or other period) that is approved by the Executive Committee is referred to as the "  Approved Business Plan  ."  The Company shall pay all reasonable third-party out-of-pocket costs incurred by either Member or directly by the Company in preparing each proposed annual business plan, including any costs of doing the investigations and obtaining necessary approvals for construction of the Improvements called for in the Development Plan to the extent set forth in the Pre-Development Budget, whether or not the annual business plan for the first Business Plan Period is ultimately approved by the Executive Committee. 
    
  2.08        Development and Construction of Improvements 
  The Approved Business Plan for the Company's first Business Plan Period shall include a plan for the development and construction of the Improvements (the "  Development Plan  ") and a development budget (the "  Development Budget  ") setting forth the projected costs and expenses estimated to be incurred by the Company in connection with the development and construction of the Improvements.  The Development Plan for the Improvements shall include, without limitation, the architectural design for the Improvements, the plans and specifications for such Improvements, a development schedule for the Improvements, the projected dates for the commencement and completion for the Improvements and any fees that the Members (and/or any Affiliates or representatives thereof) are entitled to receive as consideration for providing services to the Company in connection with the development and construction of the Improvements. 
  The Development Budget shall set forth on an itemized basis all of (i) the estimated hard and soft construction costs to be incurred by the Company in developing and constructing the Improvements pursuant to the Development Plan, and (ii) a projection setting forth the estimated revenues, expenses and net operating income (or loss) for the Project for the period commencing as of the substantial completion of the Project through the Project Stabilization Date.  The Administrative Member shall have the right, power and authority without the consent of the other Member (i) to apply up to fifty percent (50%) of the contingency line item and any line item cost savings to other line items, and (ii) to cause the Company to incur expenditures in excess of any line item, provided that any such expenditure does not exceed, in the case of a change order, the limit specified in Section 2.04(h), or otherwise such line item by more than the lesser of (A) ten percent (10%) of such line item, or (B) Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000), after the application of any contingency line item and/or cost savings.  The Administrative Member shall also have the right, power and authority to incur actual expenditures on behalf of the Company (with Company funds) for (1) any of the items set forth in any approved Development Budget, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.08, and (2) any items outside of an approved  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            11 
  11 
  FINAL VERSION 

Development Budget provided such item does not exceed Twenty-Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000) alone or all of such expenditures do not exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) in the aggregate, without the further consent of the other Member. 
    
  2.09        Operating Budget 
  Within thirty (30) days after the Project Stabilization Date, the Administrative Member shall prepare an operating budget ("  Operating Budget  "), which shall include, without limitation, on a detailed itemized basis for the Project and the Company, (i) all anticipated receipts projected for the period of such Operating Budget and all anticipated expenses, by category, for the Company (including, without limitation, all repairs and capital expenditures projected by the Administrative Member to be incurred during such period), (ii) the anticipated Cash Flow reserves projected to be required for such period, and (iii) a projection setting forth the estimated annual revenues, expenses and net operating income (or loss) expected to be incurred for the ensuing Business Plan Period, which shall be updated to compare the actual results to the projected results set forth in the prior Operating Budget.  The Operating Budget shall also include a detailed description of such other information, contracts, agreements and other matters reasonably necessary to inform the Members of all matters relevant to the operation, management, maintenance, leasing and sale of the Project (or any portion thereof) or as may be reasonably requested by any Member.  The Administrative Member shall have the right, power and authority without the consent of the other Member (A) to apply up to fifty percent (50%) of the contingency line item and any line item cost savings to other line items, and (B) to cause the Company to incur expenditures in excess of any line item, provided that any such expenditure does not exceed such line item by more than ten percent (10%), after the application of any contingency line item or cost savings.  The Administrative Member shall also have the right, power and authority to incur actual expenditures on behalf of the Company (with Company funds) for (1) any of the items set forth in any approved Operating Budget, as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.09, and (2) any items outside of an approved Operating Budget provided such item does not exceed Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) alone or in the aggregate, without the further consent of the other Member. 
    
  2.10        Construction Contract 
  The Company shall hire Commerce, which is an Affiliate of Majestic, to act as the design builder for the construction of the Improvements (the "  Design-Builder  ") pursuant to a guaranteed maximum price construction contract to be entered into by and between the Company and the Design-Builder substantially in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit "E"   (the "  Construction Contract  ").  All major subcontractors hired for the construction of the Improvements shall be subject to the approval of the Executive Committee, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. 
  Pursuant to the terms of the Construction Contract, the Company shall pay to the Design-Builder a fee equal to (A) three percent (3%) of the total Applicable Construction Costs for rendering the architectural and structural engineering services described in the Construction Contract, and (B) five percent (5%) of the total Applicable Construction Costs as compensation for rendering the design builder and other services described in the Construction Contract.  The term "  Applicable Construction Costs  " means the actual "hard" and "soft" costs actually incurred by the Design-Builder in connection with the construction of the Improvements, subject to the guaranteed maximum price. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            12 
  12 
  FINAL VERSION 

2.11        Development and Construction Management Services 
  The Administrative Member shall be responsible for (i) interviewing and recommending the environmental consultants, architects, soil engineers, civil engineers and other consultants, specialists and experts (collectively, the "  Consultants  ") to be hired by the Company at the Company's cost in connection with the development and construction of the Improvements, (ii) reviewing and evaluating proposed contracts between the Company and each Consultant, and (iii) negotiating such proposed contracts (it being understood that all contracts shall be required to be approved by the Executive Committee and executed by the Company).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to hire from among those Consultants identified on   Exhibit "F"   attached hereto to provide the services that such Consultants have historically provided for the Property (with the final decision on which Consultants to hire being reasonably determined by the Executive Committee).  The Administrative Member shall also be responsible for coordinating and supervising the services to be provided by each such Consultant.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Member shall work closely with the architects hired by the Company to prepare and process the plans and specifications for the Improvements.  In addition to the above services, the Administrative Member shall also supervise the development and construction of the Improvements. 
  Tejon shall assist in the general construction oversight activities and will coordinate with Commerce to address any construction related issues and matters.  In addition, Tejon will take the lead role in meeting with Kern County and other municipalities and local authorities/agencies to obtain any necessary permits, entitlements, consents and other approvals necessary to construct the Improvements on the Property. 
  As consideration for providing the development services described in this Section 2.11, the Company shall pay to the Members a development fee ("  Development Fee  ") equal to four percent (4%) of the "hard costs" actually incurred in connection with the development and construction of such Improvements.  The Development Fee shall be paid and earned on the first day of each calendar month based upon the "hard costs" incurred by the Company in the preceding calendar month.  The Administrative Member shall be entitled to receive seventy-five percent (75%) of the Development Fee and Tejon shall be entitled to receive twenty-five percent (25%) of the Development Fee.  As consideration for providing the construction management services described in this Section 2.11, the Company shall pay to Tejon a construction management fee equal to one percent (1%) of the Applicable Construction Costs incurred in connection with the development and construction of such Improvements. 
    
  2.12        Master Developer Work 
  Tejon shall be obligated to perform in accordance with the Development Plan the work described on   Exhibit "G"   attached hereto (the "  Master Developer Work  "), at Tejon's sole cost and expense, in connection with the contribution of the Property to the Company, to the extent reasonably necessary for the development of the Improvements.  Prior to commencing the Master Developer Work, (i) the Executive Committee shall reasonably agree upon the location of all utility connections and the ingress and/or egress improvements to be constructed as part of the Master Developer Work, and (ii) Tejon shall provide Majestic with a copy of the plans and specifications for any ingress and/or egress improvements to be constructed as part of the Master Developer Work for the review and input of Majestic; provided, however,  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            13 
  13 
  FINAL VERSION 

the Executive Committee shall have the right to approve such plans and specifications (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).  Subject to any delays permitted by Section 13.23, Tejon shall be obligated (A) to perform the Master Developer Work in a coordinated manner consistent with the schedule in the Development Plan such that the Project can be completed in accordance with the Development Plan by the Project's scheduled completion date, and (B) in compliance with all required permits from the local government authority.  Tejon shall provide Majestic with monthly updates of the Master Developer Work, which has been performed or is contemplated to be performed in the future. 
    
  2.13        Marketing and Leasing Management 
  The Administrative Member shall be responsible for preparing a marketing plan for the Project with the assistance and cooperation of the other Member.  The marketing plan shall be submitted by the Administrative Member to the Executive Committee for its review and approval not later than thirty (30) days following the Contribution Date (as defined in Section 3.02), which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.  Each marketing plan that is approved by the Executive Committee is hereinafter referred to as the "  Marketing Plan  ."  The Marketing Plan shall describe in reasonable detail (i) the types of proposed users and buyers for the Project, (ii) the marketing, leasing and sales objectives and a timeline for accomplishing such objectives, and (iii) such other information regarding the marketing of the Project as is reasonably requested by the Executive Committee.  The Administrative Member shall be responsible for implementing each Marketing Plan on behalf of the Company (provided the Company shall pay all third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with the implementation of each such Marketing Plan).  The Marketing Plan shall be updated by the Administrative Member on a quarterly basis and submitted to the Executive Committee for its review and approval, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Project is fully leased, then the Administrative Member shall not be required to update the Marketing Plan prior to the date that is one (1) year prior to the expiration of the earliest of such leases to expire (unless otherwise requested to do so by the other Member). 
    
  2.14        Property Management 
  The Administrative Member and the other Member shall jointly act as the property manager for the Project.  In its capacity as a property manager for the Project, the Administrative Member shall be responsible for managing the accounting and the contract and lease administration for the Project including, without limitation, enforcing the Company's rights and benefits, and causing the Company to perform its duties and obligations, under each lease entered into with respect to the Project.  In its capacity as a property manager for the Project, Tejon shall be responsible for the repair and maintenance of the Project and customer service.  Tejon may not assign or delegate its duties or obligations under this Section 2.14 without the prior written consent of the Executive Committee.  As compensation for rendering the services described in this Section 2.14, (i) each Member shall be reimbursed for the reasonable third-party out-of-pocket costs incurred by such Member in rendering such services, and (ii) the Company shall pay to each Member a fee (the "  Property Management Fee  ") equal to one and 5/10ths percent (1.5%) of the gross receipts received by the Company from the operation of the Project.  The Property Management Fee shall be earned and payable on the first day of each calendar month based upon the gross receipts received by the Company in the preceding calendar month.  If Tejon provides the property management  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            14 
  14 
  FINAL VERSION 

services that the Administrative Member is required to render pursuant to this Section 2.14 following the removal or resignation of the Administrative Member pursuant to Section 2.16, then the Property Management Fee that is otherwise payable to Majestic for the rendering of such services shall thereafter be paid to Tejon.  If Tejon ceases to provide the property management services it is required to render under this Section 2.14 and Majestic thereafter provides such services, then the Property Management Fee that is otherwise payable to Tejon for the rendering of such services shall thereafter be paid to Majestic. 
    
  2.15        Authority with Respect to the Affiliate Agreements 
  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement including, without limitation, Sections 2.01, 2.02, 2.03 and 2.04, Tejon or Majestic, as the case may be, shall have the sole right, power and authority, in its sole and absolute discretion and without the consent or approval of the other Member (the "  Affiliated Member  "), (i) to cause the Company to enforce its rights under any contract or other agreement entered into by the Company with the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof (collectively, the "  Affiliate Agreements  ") following any breach by the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof under any such Affiliate Agreement, (ii) to make all decisions on behalf of the Company with respect to any amendment, modification, rescission, extension, and/or termination under any Affiliate Agreement, (iii) to determine the existence of any default under any Affiliate Agreement and to cause the Company to declare any such default following any breach by the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof under such Affiliate Agreement, (iv) to cause the Company to institute, settle and/or compromise any claim under any Affiliate Agreement against the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof, (v) to cause the Company to waive any rights of the Company against the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof under any Affiliate Agreement, and (vi) to cause the Company to consent to the assignment of any rights and/or the delegation of any duties by the Affiliated Member and/or any Affiliate thereof under any Affiliate Agreement.  Majestic or Tejon, as the case may be, shall cooperate in good faith with the other Member in the exercise by the other Member of the foregoing rights and actions under the Affiliate Agreements. 
    
  2.16        Election, Resignation, Removal of the Administrative Member 
  (a)        Number, Term and Qualifications  .  The Company shall have one (1) Administrative Member which must be a member of the Company.  Unless it resigns (pursuant to the terms of this Agreement), is removed, or ceases to be a member of the Company, the Administrative Member shall hold office until a successor shall have been elected and qualified.  Unless the Administrative Member resigns or is removed pursuant to Section 2.16(c), a new Administrative Member may not be appointed without the approval of the Executive Committee. 
  (b)        Resignation  .  The Administrative Member may resign upon no less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior written notice to the other Member.  Except as set forth below in Section 2.16(d), any resignation of the Administrative Member in accordance with the terms of this Section 2.16(b) shall not affect the Administrative Member's rights as a member of the Company, and shall not constitute a withdrawal of the Administrative Member as a member of the Company. 
  (c)        Removal  .  The Administrative Member (or any successor administrative member) may be removed following the occurrence of a Just Cause Event, by written notice ("  Removal Notice  ") from the other Member to the Administrative Member within forty-five (45) days following the date such Member first becomes aware of such Just Cause Event.  The Removal Notice shall specify in reasonable detail the  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            15 
  15 
  FINAL VERSION 

Just Cause Event giving rise to the removal.  For purposes of this Section 2.16(c), "  Just Cause Event  " shall mean: 
  (i)        Breach of Agreement  .  The breach of any material covenant, duty or obligation under this Agreement by the Administrative Member if (i) the Administrative Member has received written notice from the other Member of the breach describing such breach in reasonable detail, and (ii) (A) the breach is not reasonably susceptible of being cured, or (B) if the breach is reasonably susceptible of being cured (1) the Administrative Member has failed to commence the cure or remedy of the breach within fifteen (15) days following the effective date of the notice, or (2) failed to complete the cure or remedy within a reasonable period of time (not to exceed sixty (60) days following the effective date of such notice, unless the cure or remedy cannot be reasonably completed within such sixty (60)-day period and the Administrative Member fails to diligently proceed with the cure or remedy to completion within an additional forty-five (45) days following the expiration of such initial sixty (60)-day period); 
  (ii)        Fraud, Willful Misconduct, Gross Negligence, Etc  .  The fraud, willful misconduct, gross negligence or conviction of a crime involving moral turpitude by the Administrative Member (other than any misappropriation of funds described in clause (iii) below); or 
  (iii)        Misappropriation of Funds  .  Any misappropriation of funds by the Administrative Member provided that if such misappropriation of funds is committed by an employee of the Administrative Member, then such event shall not constitute a Just Cause Event if, within ten (10) Business Days after being notified in writing of such event, the Administrative Member makes full restitution to the Company of all damages caused by such event and terminates the employment of such employee. 
  (d)        Rights Following Resignation or Removal  .  Upon the resignation of an Administrative Member or the removal of a member as the Administrative Member in accordance with this Section 2.16(d), (i) the resigned or removed Member shall be relieved of its duties as Administrative Member under this Agreement including, without limitation, the duty to provide the development management, marketing and property management services described in Sections 2.11, 2.13 and 2.14, (ii) the other Member shall have the right, power and authority to designate each replacement Administrative Member (which may be the other Member (including a member, which previously served as the Administrative Member), any Affiliate of the other Member and/or any other Person) to replace the Member that has resigned or been removed as the Administrative Member (or any replacement Administrative Member) and such replacement Administrative Member shall have all of the rights, duties and obligations of the Administrative Member under this Agreement (including, without limitation, the right to receive any fees or other amounts payable to the Administrative Member under this Agreement following such resignation or removal for services that are thereafter provided by the replacement Administrative Member), and (iii) the other Member may terminate any or all of the Affiliate Agreements entered into with the Administrative Member or any Affiliate thereof and/or hire at the expense of the Company a new development manager, marketing director and/or property manager including, without limitation, any Affiliate of such other Member which is qualified to render the services previously provided by the resigned or removed Member. 
  (e)        No Adjustment to Percentage Interests  .  Except as provided in Section 2.16(d), if a Member resigns or is removed as the Administrative Member, then the Percentage Interests of the Members shall not be adjusted and the removed Administrative Member shall retain all of its rights, duties and obligations of a member under this Agreement (other than any rights, duties and/or obligations as the Administrative Member). 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            16 
  16 
  FINAL VERSION 

2.17        Officers 
  (a)            Appointment of Officers  .  The Executive Committee may appoint, and delegate authority to, officers ("  Officers  ") of the Company at any time.  The Officers of the Company may include, without limitation, a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Secretary and Assistant Secretary.  Any individual may hold any number of offices.  Unless the Executive Committee otherwise determines in its sole and absolute discretion, (i) if the title assigned to any Officer is one commonly used for officers of a business corporation formed under the Delaware General Corporation Law, then the assignment of such title shall constitute the delegation to such person of the rights, powers, duties, obligations and authority that are normally associated with that office, and (ii) no Officer shall receive any salary or other compensation for acting as an Officer of the Company.  Any delegation pursuant to this Section 2.17(a) may be revoked at any time by the Executive Committee.  The Officers shall serve at the pleasure of the Executive Committee. 
  (b)        Removal of Officers  .  Any Officer may be terminated, either with or without cause, by the Executive Committee at any time.  Any Officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Executive Committee.  Any resignation shall take effect as of the effective date of any such notice or at any later time specified in such notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.  A vacancy in any office because of death, incapacity, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause shall be filled, if at all, in the manner prescribed in this Agreement for regular appointments to that office. 
    
  2.18        Treatment of Payments 
  For financial and income tax reporting purposes, any and all fees paid by the Company to any Member and/or any Affiliate thereof shall be treated as expenses of the Company and, if paid to any Member, as guaranteed payments within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code.  To the extent all or any portion of any fee is not paid in full prior to the liquidation of the Company, such unpaid portion of such fee shall constitute a debt of the Company payable upon such liquidation.  The Members acknowledge and agree that any fee paid to any Member (and/or any Affiliate thereof) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement shall constitute the sole and exclusive property of such recipient Member (and/or such Affiliate), and the other Member shall not have any rights thereto or interests therein. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            17 
  17 
  FINAL VERSION 

2.19        Reimbursement and Fees 
  On the Contribution Date, each of Tejon and Majestic shall be reimbursed for the pre-development third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Member (and any Affiliate thereof) to the extent such costs and expenses are set forth in the Pre-Development Budget (or such reimbursement is otherwise approved by the Executive Committee in its sole and absolute discretion).  In furtherance of the foregoing, each Member hereby represents and warrants that such Member and/or one (1) or more of its Affiliates has actually incurred the costs and expenses to be reimbursed to such Member pursuant to this Section 2.19.  Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Construction Contract, the Pre-Development Budget or otherwise agreed to in writing by the Executive Committee, including, without limitation, pursuant to the terms of any Approved Business Plan, none of the Members (or their respective Affiliates and/or other representatives) shall be paid any compensation for rendering services to the Company or otherwise be reimbursed for any costs and expenses incurred by such Member (and/or any Affiliate or representative thereof) on behalf of the Company.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither Member nor any Affiliate thereof shall be reimbursed for any general and administrative costs and expenses incurred by such party, and any costs incurred by Tejon in creating the legal parcel or parcels comprising the Property shall not be subject to reimbursement.  Any request for reimbursement by any Member pursuant to this Section 2.19 shall be accompanied by supporting documentation and shall be made within forty-five (45) days after the date such expenses are incurred by such Member.  Any such reimbursements shall not reduce such Member's Capital Account or Unreturned Contribution Account. 
    
  2.20        Insurance 
  The Administrative Member shall cause the Company to purchase and maintain (at the expense of the Company) a commercial general liability insurance policy, a builder's risk insurance policy and a property insurance policy in such amounts as are reasonably determined by the Executive Committee and such other insurance as may be requested from time to time by the Executive Committee.  The cost of any insurance policies maintained by the Company pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall be an expense of the Company and shall be included in the Development Budget or the Operating Budget. 
    
  ARTICLE III  
  MEMBERS' CONTRIBUTIONS TO COMPANY 
    
  3.01        Initial Contributions of the Members 
  The initial capital contributions of the Members shall be made as follows: 
  (a)            Upon execution.    Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of Majestic and Tejon shall make an initial cash contribution of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) to the capital of the Company.  Each Member's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account shall be credited by such amount on the date such contribution is made. 
    
  (b)        Upon Contribution Date  .  Upon the date that Tejon is required to contribute the Property to the Company pursuant to the Contribution Agreement (the "  Contribution Date  "), the Members shall do the following: 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            18 
  18 
  FINAL VERSION 

(i)            Tejon shall assign, transfer and contribute to the capital of the Company, Tejon's entire fee interest in and to the Property (subject to all liens, encumbrances and other permitted exceptions to title approved under the Contribution Agreement) at an agreed upon value (net of all such approved liens, encumbrances and permitted exceptions) of Three Million Nine Hundred Four Thousand Nine Hundred Fifty Dollars ($3,904,950), reduced by the lien for property taxes not yet payable and adjusted for any other prorations in the manner described below and any other items agreed to by Tejon and Majestic under the Contribution Agreement (the "  Agreed Value  ").  The Agreed Value shall be reduced by the amount of any net prorations and credits charged to Tejon under the Contribution Agreement and increased by the amount of any net prorations and credits charged to the Company under the Contribution Agreement.  Tejon's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account shall each be credited by an amount equal to the Agreed Value on the date the Property is contributed to the Company.  The foregoing assignment, transfer and contribution shall be made in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Contribution Agreement. 
  (ii)        Majestic shall contribute to the capital of the Company, in cash, an amount equal to the fifty percent (50%) of the Agreed Value, which amount shall be credited to Majestic's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account on the date such contribution is made.  Within three (3) days following such contribution, the Company shall distribute the amount of Majestic's capital contribution pursuant to the preceding sentence to Tejon, which distribution shall be debited to Tejon's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account on the date such distribution is made.  After the date such distribution is made, the balance standing in Tejon's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account shall equal fifty percent (50%) of the Agreed Value (which will be the same balance standing in Majestic's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account on the date such distribution is made). 
    
  (c)            Contribution of Reports  .  Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each of Tejon and Majestic hereby assigns its entire right, title and interest in and to all of the reports, studies or other work product obtained by such Member after March 23, 2016.  Each Member shall be reimbursed for the third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Member in obtaining such reports, studies and other work product in accordance with Sections 1.03 and 2.19.  As such, neither Member's Capital Account or Unreturned Contribution Account shall be credited as a result of any contribution that is made by such Member pursuant to this Section 3.01(c). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            19 
  19 
  FINAL VERSION 

3.02        Additional Capital Contributions 
  If the Company has insufficient funds to meet its current or projected financial requirements (a "  Shortfall  "), then the Administrative Member shall give written notice (the "  Capital Call Notice  ") of such Shortfall to the other Member.  The Contribution Notice shall summarize, with reasonable particularity, the Company's actual and projected cash obligations, cash on hand, projected sources and amounts of future Cash Flow and a contribution date ("  Contribution Date  ") (which shall not be less than ten (10) Business Days following the effective date of such notice) upon which each Member shall be obligated to contribute to the capital of the Company, in cash, such Member's Percentage Interest of the funds necessary to satisfy such Shortfall.  If the Company has a Shortfall and the Administrative Member fails to deliver a Capital Call Notice so that the Company may timely satisfy such Shortfall, then the other Member may deliver the Capital Call Notice pursuant to this Section 3.02.  Any and all amounts contributed to the capital of the Company by any Member pursuant to this Section 3.02 shall be credited to such Member's Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account on the date any such contribution is made. 
    
  3.03        Remedy for Failure to Contribute Capital 
  If any Member (the "  Non-Contributing Member  ") fails to contribute timely all or any portion of the additional capital such Member is required to contribute pursuant to Section 3.02 (the "  Delinquent Contribution  "), and provided that the other Member (the "  Contributing Member  ") has timely contributed to the capital of the Company all of the additional capital required to be contributed by such Contributing Member pursuant to Section 3.02 (with respect to that particular notice and capital call), then such Contributing Member shall have the right, in lieu of any other right or remedy available at law, in equity or otherwise to the Contributing Member and/or the Company (or any other party), to select one (1) or more of the following options in accordance with the terms set forth below in this Section 3.03: 
  (a)        Loan Remedy  .  The Contributing Member may advance to the Company, in cash, within thirty (30) days following the Contribution Date, an amount equal to the Delinquent Contribution, and such advance shall be treated as a nonrecourse loan ("  Default Loan  ") by the Contributing Member to the Non-Contributing Member, bearing interest at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) the prevailing prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo Bank plus five (5) percentage points, adjusted concurrently with any adjustments to such rate and compounded annually, or (ii) the maximum, nonusurious rate then permitted by law for such loans.  Subject to Sections 7.09 and 8.08, each Default Loan shall be due and payable in full one hundred twenty (120) days from the date advanced (or, if earlier, upon the dissolution of the Company). 
  As of the effective date of the advance of any Default Loan, the Capital Account and the Unreturned Contribution Account of the Non-Contributing Member shall be credited with an amount equal to the original principal balance of the Default Loan made by the Contributing Member to the Non-Contributing Member.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Articles V and XII, until any and all Default Loans made to the Non-Contributing Member are repaid in full, the Non-Contributing Member shall receive no further distributions from the Company, and all cash or property otherwise distributable with respect to the Non-Contributing Member's Interest shall be distributed to the Contributing Member as a reduction of the outstanding balance of (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) any and all such Default Loans, with such funds being applied first to reduce any and all interest accrued on such Default Loan(s) and then to reduce the principal amount thereof.  Any amounts so applied shall be treated, for all  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            20 
  20 
  FINAL VERSION 

purposes under this Agreement, as having actually been distributed to the Non-Contributing Member pursuant to Section 5.01 and applied by the Non-Contributing Member to repay such outstanding Default Loan(s). 
  To secure the repayment of any and all Default Loans made to the Non-Contributing Member, such Non-Contributing Member hereby grants a security interest in favor of the Contributing Member in and to the Non-Contributing Member's entire Interest in the Company, and hereby irrevocably appoints the Contributing Member, and each of the Contributing Member's representatives, agents, officers or employees, as the Non-Contributing Member's attorney(s)-in-fact, with full power to prepare, execute, acknowledge, and deliver, as applicable, all documents, instruments, and/or agreements memorializing and/or securing such Default Loan(s), including, without limitation, such Uniform Commercial Code financing and continuation statements, mortgages, pledge agreements and other security instruments as may be reasonably appropriate to perfect and continue the security interest in favor of such Contributing Member. 
  The Contributing Member is also authorized to cause the Company to issue certificates (collectively, the "  Certificates  ") evidencing the Members' respective Interests in the Company (in such form as is determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Contributing Member) and is further authorized to take possession and control of any such Certificate of the Non-Contributing Member if it has made a Default Loan to the Contributing Member.  Following the issuance of the Certificates, each Interest in the Company shall constitute a "certificated security" within the meaning of, and be governed by, (i) Section 8-102(a)(15) of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of Delaware, and (ii) the Uniform Commercial Code of any other applicable jurisdiction that now or hereafter substantially includes the 1994 revisions to Article 8 thereof as adopted by the American Law Institute and the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws and approved by the American Bar Association on February 14, 1995.  Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, to the extent any provision of this Agreement is inconsistent with any non-waivable provision of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect in the State of Delaware (6 Del C.   8-101,   et     seq  .), such provision of Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code shall control. 
  If, upon the maturity of a Default Loan (taking into account any agreed upon extensions thereof), any principal thereof and/or accrued interest thereon remains outstanding, then the Contributing Member may elect any one (1) of the following options:  (i) to renew such Default Loan (or portion thereof) pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Section 3.03(a) for such additional terms as is determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Contributing Member; (ii) to institute legal (or other) proceedings against the Non-Contributing Member to collect such loan which may include, without limitation, foreclosing against the security interest granted above; (iii) to contribute all or any portion of such outstanding principal of, and accrued interest on, such Default Loan (or portion thereof) to the capital of the Company and dilute the Percentage Interest of the Non-Contributing Member pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.03(b), or (iv) to implement the default provisions set forth in Article VII in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.03(c). 
  The Contributing Member may elect any of the options set forth in the immediately preceding sentence by giving written notice of such election to the Non-Contributing Member within thirty (30) days following such maturity date.  Failure of the Contributing Member to timely give such written notice to the Non-Contributing Member shall be deemed to constitute an election to renew such Default Loan for an additional term of one hundred twenty (120) days on the terms set forth herein.  If the Contributing  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            21 
  21 
  FINAL VERSION 

Member elects to foreclose upon the security interest in the Non-Contributing Member's Interest in the Company granted above, then the Contributing Member is authorized to cancel the Certificate evidencing the Non-Contributing Member's Interest in the Company and issue a new Certificate to the Contributing Member that has foreclosed upon such Interest. 
  (b)        Dilution Remedy  .  The Contributing Member may contribute to the capital of the Company, in cash, within thirty (30) days following the Contribution Date an amount equal to the Delinquent Contribution, and such Contributing Member's respective Capital Account and Unreturned Contribution Account shall each be credited with the amount contributed by such Contributing Member.  Further, upon the maturity of a Default Loan that is not fully repaid on or before the maturity date thereof, the Contributing Member may contribute to the capital of the Company, in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.03(a) above, all or any portion of the outstanding principal of and/or accrued interest on such Default Loan (or portion thereof) previously advanced by such Contributing Member that is not repaid prior to the maturity date thereof, and (i) the amount of such outstanding principal and/or interest so contributed shall be deemed repaid and satisfied; (ii) the Capital Account and the Unreturned Contribution Account of the Non-Contributing Member shall be decreased, but not below zero (0), by the amount of such outstanding principal and/or interest so contributed; and (iii) the Capital Account and the Unreturned Contribution Account of the Contributing Member shall be increased by the amount of such outstanding principal and/or interest so contributed. 
  Upon the contribution of the Delinquent Contribution and/or the outstanding balance of a Default Loan by the Contributing Member pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), (i) the Percentage Interest of the Non-Contributing Member shall be decreased by the Dilution Percentage, and (ii) the Percentage Interest of the Contributing Member shall be increased by a like amount of percentage points.  The "  Dilution Percentage  " shall equal the amount expressed in percentage points calculated based upon the following formula: 

The application of the provisions of this Section 3.03(b) are illustrated by the following example:  Assume that (i) the aggregate amount of the prior capital contributions made by the Non-Contributing Member is Two Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($2,300,000), (ii) a contribution of Four  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            22 
  22 
  FINAL VERSION 

Hundred Thousand Dollars ($400,000) is required to be contributed by the Members to the capital of the Company pursuant to Section 3.02, (iii) the Non-Contributing Member has a Percentage Interest of fifty percent (50%) and fails to contribute its share of such contribution equal to Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) (i.e., 50%   $400,000), and (iv) the Contributing Member has a Percentage Interest of fifty percent (50%) and contributes its entire share of such contribution equal to Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) (i.e., 50% x $400,000) and the Delinquent Contribution of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000) to the capital of the Company on behalf of the Non-Contributing Member pursuant to this Section 3.03(b).  By operation of this Section 3.03(b), the Dilution Percentage would be equal to twelve (12) percentage points as calculated in accordance with the following formula: 

Accordingly, the Percentage Interest of the Non-Contributing Member would be reduced by twelve (12) percentage points from fifty percent (50%) to thirty-eight percent (38%) and the Percentage Interest of the Contributing Member would be increased by a like amount of percentage points from fifty percent (50%) to sixty-two percent (62%). 
  (c)        Implementation of Default Provisions  .  The Contributing Member may elect to implement the default provisions contained in Article VII by delivery of written notice of such election to the Non-Contributing Member within ninety (90) days following the Contribution Date or the maturity date for any Default Loan that is not repaid prior to the maturity thereof. 
  (d)        Election of Remedy  .  The Contributing Member shall determine which of the options set forth in Sections 3.03(a), 3.03(b) and/or 3.03(c) are to be exercised by the Contributing Member with respect to each Delinquent Contribution.  If the Contributing Member advances any amount to the Company pursuant to this Section 3.03 but fails to specify which of the foregoing options the Contributing Member has elected within thirty (30) days after the effective date that the Contributing Member makes such advance, then such Contributing Member shall be deemed to have elected the option set forth in Section 3.03(a) above with respect to such advance. 
  (e)        Minimum Percentage Interest  .  Any and all adjustments to the Members' respective Percentage Interests pursuant to Section 3.03(b) shall be rounded to the nearest 1/100th of one percentage point (0.01%) and the Contributing Member shall not succeed to all or any portion of the Capital Account and/or Unreturned Contribution Account of the Non-Contributing Member as the result of any such adjustment.  In addition, notwithstanding any provision contained in this Article III, the Non-Contributing Member's Percentage Interest shall in no event be reduced below 1/100th of one percent (0.01%) by operation of Section 3.03(b). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            23 
  23 
  FINAL VERSION 

3.04        Financing 
  The Administrative Member shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Company to procure a construction loan (the "  Construction Loan  ") to finance the development and construction of the Improvements from one (1) or more independent third-party institutional lenders selected by the Administrative Member (individually, the "  Lender  " and collectively, the "  Lenders  ") upon prevailing market terms and conditions.  The Administrative Member shall also use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain a permanent loan (the "  Permanent Loan  ") from one (1) or more Lenders to refinance the Construction Loan upon prevailing market terms and conditions (and any other financing thereafter required to refinance the Permanent Loan), which shall be nonrecourse to the Members (subject to any Nonrecourse Documents described in Section 3.05 required to be provided to the Lender providing any such Permanent Loan).  The Construction Loan and the Permanent Loan shall be secured by a deed of trust encumbering the Project.  Any such financing and/or refinancing obtained by the Administrative Member on behalf of the Company (collectively, the "  Loans  ") shall require the consent of the Executive Committee pursuant to Section 2.04(d). 
    
  3.05        Agreement to Provide Guarantees and Indemnification 
  Each Member and/or one (1) or more of their respective Affiliates or representatives, including, without limitation, the ultimate parent of each Member if required by the applicable Lender (collectively, the "  Guarantors  " and individually, a "  Guarantor  ") shall execute and deliver to any Lender providing a Construction Loan to the Company (i) any and all repayment or completion guaranties or similar documents required by such Lender (collectively, the "  Recourse Documents  "), and (ii) any and all other environmental indemnities and "bad-boy" carve-out guaranties required by such Lender (collectively, the "  Nonrecourse Documents  ") provided such Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents are approved by the Executive Committee in its reasonable discretion.  In addition, the Guarantors shall execute any Nonrecourse Document required by any Lender providing a Permanent Loan to the Company provided such Nonrecourse Documents are approved by the Executive Committee in its reasonable discretion. 
  The Administrative Member shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain each Lender's agreement that the obligation of each Guarantor under each Recourse Document and Nonrecourse Document shall be several (i.e., not joint and several) as between the Members (and their respective Affiliates) and proportionate to the Percentage Interest of each Member that is an Affiliate of such Guarantor.  The Members acknowledge and agree that each Recourse Document and Nonrecourse Document executed by any Guarantor shall be executed only as an accommodation to the Company and/or the Members.  The Company shall indemnify, defend, protect and hold each such Guarantor wholly harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, losses, costs, expenses, damages and/or expenses including, without limitation, any attorneys' and expert witness fees and costs (collectively, "  Losses  ") incurred by any such Guarantor as a result of such Recourse Document and Nonrecourse Document (or as a result of the rights of contribution described below) in accordance with the terms of Section 10.02(b).  Either Member may deliver a Capital Call Notice in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.02 to require the Members to make additional contributions to the capital of the Company to enable the Company to satisfy the indemnity for any Losses described in this Section 3.05. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            24 
  24 
  FINAL VERSION 

If the Company fails to fully satisfy any indemnification and/or defense obligation owing to any Member or any Guarantor affiliated with such Member pursuant to the provisions of this Section 3.05, then such Guarantor ("  Contributing Party  ") shall have a right of contribution against the other Member (the "  Non-Contributing Party  ") to the extent the liability incurred by the Contributing Party under any Recourse Document or Nonrecourse Document (for which it is entitled to be indemnified by the Company pursuant Section 10.02(b)) exceeds such Contributing Party's Pro Rata Share of the total liability incurred by all of the Guarantors under all of the Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents (for which the Guarantors are entitled to be indemnified by the Company pursuant to Section 10.02(b)).  The term "  Pro Rata Share  " means (i) with respect to Tejon and its Guarantors, an amount equal to its then Percentage Interest of the total liability incurred by all of the Guarantors under all of the Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents (for which the Guarantors are entitled to be indemnified by the Company pursuant to Section 10.02(b) below), and (ii) with respect to Majestic and its Guarantors, an amount equal to its then Percentage Interest of the total liability incurred by all of the Guarantors under all of the Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents (for which the Guarantors are entitled to be indemnified by the Company pursuant to Section 10.02(b) below). 
  At any time that any Contributing Party has a right of contribution against the Non-Contributing Party under this Section 3.05, the Non Contributing Party shall be obligated to satisfy such contribution obligation by paying the required amount, in cash, within ten (10) days following written notice thereof from the Contributing Party.  If any such payment is not timely and validly made within such ten (10)-day period, then from and after the date such amount was required to be paid, such amount shall bear interest at the lesser of (A) the prevailing prime commercial lending rate of Wells Fargo Bank plus five (5) percentage points, adjusted concurrently with any adjustments to such rate and compounded annually, or (B) the maximum non-usurious rate allowed by law.  The Contributing Party shall also be entitled to collect from the Non Contributing Party any and all costs and expenses of enforcing such contribution obligation including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and expert witness fees and costs. 
  The Members acknowledge and agree that each of the Guarantors (that are not Members) are express third-party beneficiaries of the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.05, and, as such, all of the Guarantors have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions of this Section 3.05. 
    
  3.06        Capital Contributions in General 
  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or as otherwise agreed to in writing by all of the Members (i) no part of the contributions of any Member to the capital of the Company may be withdrawn by such Member, (ii) no Member shall be entitled to receive interest on such Member's contributions to the capital of the Company, (iii) no Member shall have the right to demand or receive property other than cash in return for such Member's contribution to the Company, and (iv) no Member shall be required or be entitled to contribute additional capital to the Company other than as permitted or required by this Article III. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            25 
  25 
  FINAL VERSION 

ARTICLE IV 
  ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 
    
  4.01        Net Losses 
  After giving effect to the special allocations in Sections 4.03 and 4.04, Net Losses for each Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Members so as to reduce, proportionately, the differences between their respective Target Capital Accounts and Partially Adjusted Capital Accounts for such Fiscal Year.  No portion of the Net Losses for any taxable year shall be allocated to a Member whose Partially Adjusted Capital Account is less than or equal to such Member's Target Capital Account for such Fiscal Year. 
    
  4.02        Net Profits 
  After giving effect to the special allocations in Sections 4.03 and 4.04, Net Profits for each Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Members so as to reduce, proportionately, the differences between their respective Target Capital Accounts and Partially Adjusted Capital Accounts for such Fiscal Year.  No portion of the Net Profits for any taxable year shall be allocated to a Member whose Partially Adjusted Capital Account is greater than or equal to such Member's Target Capital Account for such Fiscal Year. 
    
  4.03        Special Allocations 
  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, no Net Losses or items of expense, loss or deduction shall be allocated to any Member to the extent such an allocation would cause or increase a deficit balance standing in such Member's Adjusted Capital Account and any such Net Losses and items of expense, loss and deduction shall instead be allocated to the Members in proportion to their respective "interests" in the Company as determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b).  In addition, items of income and gain shall be specially allocated to the Members in accordance with and to the extent required by the qualified income offset provisions set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(ii)(d).  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Article IV, (i) any and all "partnership nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(b)(1)) of the Company for any Fiscal Year or other period shall be allocated to the Members in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests; (ii) any and all "partner nonrecourse deductions" (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(2)) attributable to any "partner nonrecourse debt" (as such term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(b)(4)) shall be allocated to the Member that bears the "economic risk of loss" (as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.752-2) for such "partner nonrecourse debt" in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(l); (iii) each Member shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain in accordance with the partnership minimum gain chargeback requirements set forth in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(f) and 1.704 2(g); and (iv) each Member with a share of minimum gain attributable to any "partner nonrecourse debt" shall be specially allocated items of Company income and gain in accordance with the partner minimum gain chargeback requirements of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 2(i)(4) and 1.704 2(i)(5).  Any and all "excess nonrecourse liabilities" as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.752 3(a)(3) shall be allocated to the Members in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            26 
  26 
  FINAL VERSION 

4.04        Curative Allocations 
  The allocations set forth in Section 4.03 (the "  Regulatory Allocations  ") are intended to comply with certain requirements of the Treasury Regulations.  It is the intent of the Members that, to the extent possible, all Regulatory Allocations shall be offset either with other Regulatory Allocations or with special allocations of other items of Company income, gain, loss or deduction pursuant to this Section 4.04.  Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Article IV (other than the Regulatory Allocations), the Administrative Member is hereby authorized to make such offsetting special allocations of Company income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner it determines appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Member's Capital Account balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Member would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this Agreement and all Company items were allocated pursuant to Sections 4.01 and 4.02.  In exercising its discretion under this Section 4.04, the Administrative Member shall take into account future Regulatory Allocations under Section 4.03, that are likely to offset other Regulatory Allocations previously made under the provisions of this Section 4.04. 
    
  4.05        Differing Tax Basis; Tax Allocation 
  Depreciation and/or cost recovery deductions and gain or loss with respect to each item of property treated as contributed to the capital of the Company shall be allocated between the Members for federal income tax purposes in accordance with the principles of Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and for state income tax purposes in accordance with comparable provisions of the California Revenue   Taxation Code, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, so as to take into account the variation, if any, between the adjusted tax basis of such property and its book value (as determined for purposes of the maintenance of Capital Accounts in accordance with this Agreement and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 1(b)(2)(iv)(g)). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            27 
  27 
  FINAL VERSION 

ARTICLE V 
  DISTRIBUTION OF CASH FLOW 
    
  5.01        Cash Flow 
  Subject to Section 12.02, Cash Flow of the Company shall be determined and distributed on a quarterly basis (or at such other times as are determined by the Executive Committee), in the following order of priority: 
    
  (a)            Unreturned Contribution Accounts  .  First, to the Members in proportion to, and to the extent of, the positive balances standing in their respective Unreturned Contribution Accounts, if any; and 
    
  (b)        Percentage Interests  .  Thereafter, to the Members in proportion to their respective Percentage Interests. 
    
  5.02        Limitations on Distributions 
  Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, the Company shall not make a distribution of Cash Flow (or other proceeds) to any Member if such distribution would violate Section 18-607 of the Delaware Act or other applicable law. 
    
  5.03        Withholding 
  If the Company is obligated to withhold and pay any taxes with respect to any Member, then any tax required to be withheld may be withheld from any distribution otherwise payable to such Member.  Any such amounts withheld and remitted to the appropriate tax authority shall be deemed to have been distributed to the applicable Member and applied by such Member in payment of such tax liability. 
    
  5.04        In-Kind Distribution 
  Assets of the Company (other than cash) shall not be distributed in kind to the Members without the prior written approval of the Members. 
    
  ARTICLE VI 
  RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERS OF COMPANY INTERESTS 
    
  6.01        Limitations on Transfer 
  Except as otherwise set forth in Articles VI, VII and VIII, no Member shall be entitled to sell, exchange, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise grant a security interest in (collectively, the "  Transfer  "), directly or indirectly, all or any part of such Member's Interest in the Company or withdraw or retire from the Company, without the prior written consent of the other Member, which consent may be withheld in such other Member's sole and absolute discretion.  Any transfer of a direct or indirect interest in any Member shall be deemed to be a Transfer for purposes of this Agreement, provided, however, that any transfer of a direct or indirect interest in a Member resulting from the death of such interest holder, the transfer by such interest holder to a trust of which the interest holder  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            28 
  28 
  FINAL VERSION 

and/or his or her spouse is/are the sole current income beneficiaries or the termination of a trust which is an interest holder shall not be deemed a Transfer for purposes of this Agreement.  Any attempted Transfer or withdrawal in violation of the restrictions set forth in this Article VI shall be null and void   ab initio   and of no force or effect to the maximum extent allowed by law. 
    
  6.02        Permitted Transfers 
  Any Member may Transfer all or any portion of such Member's Interest in the Company to any of the following (collectively, "  Permitted Transferees  ") without complying with the provisions of Section 6.01: 
  (a)            Affiliates  .  In the case of either Member, to any Affiliate of such Member provided the original transferring Member (that executed this Agreement) or its direct or indirect owners at all times thereafter own fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting and beneficial interests in such Affiliate; 
    
  (b)        Stock Transfers  .  In the case of any direct and/or indirect owner of any Member that is a publicly traded corporation (including, without limitation, any shareholder of Tejon Ranch Co., a Delaware corporation), to any Person; 
    
  (c)            Transfers of Direct or Indirect Interests in Majestic  .  Subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.02(c), (i) any direct or indirect ownership interest in Majestic may be transferred to any Person provided following such transfer (A) Edward P. Roski, Jr. ("  Roski  ") (individually and/or in his capacity as trustee of a trust) directly or indirectly controls Majestic, and (B) Majestic Realty Co., a California corporation ("  MRC  "), and/or Roski (individually and/or in his capacity as trustee of a trust) own(s), in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, at least thirty percent (30%) of Majestic, and (ii) any direct or indirect ownership interest in Majestic may be transferred to any member of the Roski Family provided that (A) prior to Roski's death or incapacity, Roski or any one (1) or more other members of the Roski Family remains (individually and/or in his capacity as trustee of a trust), directly or indirectly, in control of Majestic, and (B) following Roski's death or incapacity one (1) or more members of the Roski Family control Majestic.  The term "  Roski Family  " means Roski, his spouse, their lineal descendants and their spouses, any trust or estate for the benefit of any such party, and any entity owned or controlled (ownership and voting interests of 50% or more) by such parties.  As used in this Section 6.02(c), the terms "control," "controls" and "controlling" mean the possession by any Person, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of another Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, whether or not a transfer of any direct or indirect ownership interest in Majestic occurs, Majestic shall not be permitted to allow any Person other than Roski or one (1) or more other member of the Roski Family (individually and/or in his capacity as trustee of a trust) to control, directly or indirectly, Majestic; 
    
  (d)        Tejon Ranchcorp Multi-Asset Transfer  .  In the case of Tejon, a transfer of all, but not less than all, of its Interest in the Company as part of a transaction in which one (1) or more members of the Tejon Group (as defined below) in a single transaction or series of related transactions transfer five (5) or more of its Real Estate Assets (as defined below) with a gross asset value of at least Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000).  For this purpose, the term (i) "  Tejon Group  " means all corporations, partnerships and  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            29 
  29 
  FINAL VERSION 

limited liability companies in which Tejon Ranchcorp and/or any Affiliate thereof owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the ownership and voting interests; and (ii) "  Real Estate Assets  " means direct or indirect interests in any commercial or industrial real property of any type, wherever located; 
    
  (e)            Majestic Multi-Asset Transfer  .  In the case of Majestic, a transfer of all, but not less than all, of its Interest in the Company as part of a transaction in which one (1) or more members of the Majestic Group (as defined below) in a single transaction or series of related transactions transfer five (5) or more of its Real Estate Assets with a gross asset value of at least Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000).  For this purpose, the term "  Majestic Group  " means all corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies in which the Roski Family owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the ownership and voting interests; 
    
  (f)            Transfers as a Result of Foreclosure  .  In the case of either Member, to any Person that acquires an Interest in the Company pursuant to Section 6.08 below as the result of the exercise of any rights or remedies under Section 3.03(a); and 
    
  (g)        Right of First Refusal  .  In the case of either Member, to any Person provided (i) such Transfer is made after the Project Stabilization Date, (ii) such Transfer is for the transferring Member's entire Interest in the Company, and (iii) the transferring Member fully complies with the provisions of   Exhibit "H." 
    
  Any such Permitted Transferee shall receive and hold such ownership interest or portion thereof subject to the terms of this Agreement and to the obligations hereunder of the transferor.  There shall be no further transfer of such ownership interest or portion thereof except to a Person to whom the original transferor could have transferred such ownership interest in accordance with this Section 6.02. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            30 
  30 
  FINAL VERSION 

6.03        Admission of Substituted Members 
  If any Member transfers such Member's Interest to a transferee in accordance with Sections 6.01 and/or 6.02 above, then such transferee shall only be entitled to be admitted into the Company as a substituted member (and this Agreement shall be amended in accordance with the Delaware Act to reflect such admission), if:  (i) the non-transferring Member reasonably approves the form and content of the instrument of transfer; (ii) the transferor and transferee named therein execute and acknowledge such other instruments as the non-transferring Member may deem reasonably necessary to effectuate such admission; (iii) the transferee in writing accepts and adopts all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as the same may have been amended; and (iv) the transferor pays, as the non-transferring Member may reasonably determine, all reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such admission, including, without limitation, legal fees and costs.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, any assignee of an Interest who does not become a substituted member shall have no right to require any information or account of the Company's transactions, to inspect the Company books, or to vote on any of the matters as to which a member would be entitled to vote under this Agreement.  An assignee shall only be entitled to share in such Net Profits and Net Losses, to receive such distributions, and to receive such allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit or similar items to which the assignor was entitled, to the extent assigned.  A Member that transfers such Member's Interest shall not cease to be a member of the Company until the admission of the assignee as a substituted member. 
    
  6.04        Election; Allocations between Transferor and Transferee 
  Upon the transfer of the Interest of any Member or the distribution of any property of the Company to a Member, the Company shall file an election in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations, to cause the basis of the Company property to be adjusted for federal income tax purposes as provided by Sections 734 and 743 of the Code.  Upon the transfer of all or any part of the Interest of a Member as hereinabove provided, Net Profits and Net Losses shall be allocated between the transferor and transferee on the basis of a computation method that is in conformity with the methods prescribed by Section 706 of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section 1.706-1(c)(2)(ii). 
    
  6.05        Partition 
  No Member shall have the right to partition any assets of the Company or any interest therein, nor shall a Member make application or proceeding for a partition thereto and, upon any breach of the provisions of this Section 6.05 by any Member, the other Member (in addition to all rights and remedies afforded by law or equity) shall be entitled to a decree or order restraining or enjoining such application, action or proceeding. 
    
  6.06        Waiver of Withdrawal and Purchase Rights 
  Except in connection with any transfer permitted in accordance with this Agreement, no Member may voluntarily withdraw, resign or retire from the Company without the prior written consent of the other Member, which consent may be withheld in such other Member's sole and absolute discretion.  In furtherance of the foregoing, each Member hereby waives any and all rights such Member may have to withdraw and/or resign from the Company pursuant to Section 18-603 of the Delaware Act and hereby  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            31 
  31 
  FINAL VERSION 

waives any and all rights such Member may have to receive the fair value of such Member's Interest in the Company upon such resignation and/or withdrawal pursuant to Section 18-604 of the Delaware Act. 
    
  6.07        No Appraisal Rights 
  Unless otherwise determined by the Members, none of the Members shall have any appraisal rights with respect to their Interests pursuant to Section 18-210 of the Delaware Act or otherwise. 
    
  6.08        Foreclosure of Interest 
  Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, upon a foreclosure, sale or other transfer of any Interest in the Company pursuant to any security interest granted pursuant to Section 3.03(a), the holder of such Interest shall, upon the execution of a counterpart to Agreement (or an amendment thereto), automatically be admitted as a substituted member of the Company upon such foreclosure, sale or other transfer, with all of the rights and obligations thereof permitted hereunder.  The Company acknowledges that the pledge of any Interest in the Company pursuant to Section 3.03(a) shall be a pledge not only of Net Profits and Net Losses of the Company, but also a pledge of all rights and obligations of the pledgor thereunder.  Upon a foreclosure, sale or other transfer of any Interest in the Company pursuant to Section 3.03(a), the successor member may transfer its Interest in the Company in accordance with this Agreement.  Notwithstanding any provision in the Delaware Act or any other provision contained herein to the contrary, the pledgor under Section 3.03(a) shall be permitted to pledge and, upon any foreclosure of such pledge in connection with the admission of the secured party or other holder as a substituted member, to transfer to the secured party or other holder its rights and obligations to the Company pursuant to the terms of such pledge agreement. 
    
  ARTICLE VII 
  MEMBER DEFAULT 
    
  7.01        Default Events 
  For purposes of this Article VII, the following shall constitute "  Default Events  ": 
  (a)            Breach of Agreement  .  The breach of any material covenant, duty or obligation under this Agreement by any Member (other than a breach described in Section 7.01(b) or 7.01(c) for which there shall be no cure period) if (i) the breaching Member has received written notice from the other Member of the breach, and (ii) (A) the breach is not reasonably susceptible of being cured, or (B) if the breach is reasonably susceptible of being cured, the breaching Member has failed to commence the cure or remedy of the breach within fifteen (15) days following the effective date of the notice and failed to complete the cure or remedy within a reasonable period of time (not to exceed 60 days), unless the cure or remedy cannot be reasonably completed within such sixty (60)-day period and the breaching Member fails to diligently proceed with the cure or remedy to completion within an additional forty-five (45) days following the expiration of such initial sixty (60)-day period; 
  (b)        Capital Default  .  The failure of a Member to make timely a contribution required to be made pursuant to Section 3.02, or to timely repay any Default Loan in accordance with Section 3.03(a), followed by the election of the Contributing Member to treat such failure as a Default Event pursuant to Section 3.03(c); 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            32 
  32 
  FINAL VERSION 

(c)            Prohibited Transfer, Encumbrance or Withdrawal  .  A Transfer or attempted Transfer by a Member of such Member's Interest in the Company (or portion thereof) or withdrawal or attempted withdrawal by a Member contrary to the provisions of Article VI; 
    
  (d)        Bankruptcy or Insolvency  .  The rendering, by a court with appropriate jurisdiction, of a decree or order (i) adjudging a Member bankrupt or insolvent, or (ii) approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, readjustment, arrangement, composition, or similar relief for a Member under the federal bankruptcy laws or any other similar applicable law or practice, provided that such decree or order shall remain in force, undischarged and unstayed, for a period of ninety (90) days; 
    
  (e)            Appointment of Receiver  .  The rendering, by a court with appropriate jurisdiction, of a decree or order (i) for the appointment of a receiver, a liquidator, or a trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency of a Member, or for the winding up and liquidation of such Member's affairs, provided that such decree or order shall have remained in force undischarged and unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days, or (ii) for the sequestration or attachment of any property of a Member without its return to the possession of such Member or its release from such sequestration or attachment within sixty (60) days thereafter; or 
    
  (f)            Bankruptcy Proceedings  .  A Member (i) institutes proceedings to be adjudicated a voluntary bankrupt or an insolvent, (ii) consents to the filing of a bankruptcy proceeding against such Member, (iii) files a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization, readjustment, arrangement, composition, or similar relief for such Member under the federal bankruptcy laws or any other similar applicable law or practice, (iv) consents to the filing of any such petition, or to the appointment of a receiver, a liquidator, or a trustee or assignee in bankruptcy or insolvency for such Member or a substantial part of such Member's property, (v) makes an assignment for the benefit of such Member's creditors, (vi) is unable to or admits in writing such Member's inability to pay such Member's debts generally as they become due, or (vii) takes any action in furtherance of any of the aforesaid purposes. 
  For the purposes of implementing the provisions contained in this Article VII, the "  Defaulting Member  " shall be:  (i) in the case of the event referenced in Section 7.01(a), the Member that has breached any material covenant, duty or obligation under this Agreement; (ii) in the case of the event referenced in Section 7.01(b), the Non-Contributing Member; (iii) in the case of the occurrence of the event referenced in Section 7.01(c), the Member that has transferred such Member's rights or interests or withdrawn from the Company contrary to the provisions of Article VI; and (iv) in the case of the occurrence of any of the events referenced in Sections 7.01(d), (e) and/or (f), the Member that is the subject of such court decree or order or has instituted such proceedings or filed such petitions or who is insolvent, etc.  The term "  Non-Defaulting Member  " shall mean the Member that is not the Defaulting Member.  For the avoidance of doubt, any Default by an Affiliate of a Member under any agreement between such Affiliate and the Company shall not constitute a Default Event by the Member under this Agreement.  A Member shall cease to be a Defaulting Member solely for purposes of this Article VII following the occurrence of a Default Event with respect to such Member if the Non-Defaulting Member fails to deliver a Default Notice within the sixty (60)-day or ninety (90)-day periods, as the case may be, set forth in Section 7.02, following the occurrence of such Default Event. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            33 
  33 
  FINAL VERSION 

7.02        Rights Arising From a Default Event 
  Within sixty (60) days after the date that the Non-Defaulting Member is aware of the occurrence of an uncured Default Event (or ninety (90) days after the occurrence of any default described in Section 7.01(b)) the Non-Defaulting Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to implement the default procedures set forth in this Article VII by delivering written notice ("  Default Notice  ") thereof to the Defaulting Member.  Failure of a Non-Defaulting Member to deliver a Default Notice within such sixty (60)-day or ninety (90)-day period shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the right to deliver a Default Notice upon the occurrence of any subsequent Default Event. 
    
  7.03        Determination of Defaulting Member's Purchase Price 
  Within thirty (30) days after the determination of the Appraised Value of the assets of the Company, the Accounting Firm shall determine the amount of cash which would be distributed to each Member if (i) the assets of the Company were sold for the Appraised Value thereof as of the effective date of the Default Notice; (ii) the liabilities of the Company were liquidated pursuant to Section 12.02(a); (iii) a reasonable reserve for any contingent, conditional or unmatured liabilities or obligations of the Company was established by the Non-Defaulting Member pursuant to Section 12.02(b); and (iv) any remaining amounts were distributed to the Members in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.02(c).  Upon such determination, the Accounting Firm shall give each Member written notice ("  Accountant's Notice  ") thereof.  The determination by the Accounting Firm of such amounts, including all components thereof, shall be deemed conclusive absent any material computational error.  In the case of a Default Event described in Section 7.01(a), (b) or (c), ninety percent (90%), and in all other cases, one hundred percent (100%), of the amount which would be distributed to the Defaulting Member pursuant to Section 5.01 shall be deemed the purchase price for the Defaulting Member's Interest (the "  Defaulting Member's Purchase Price  ") for purposes of this Article VII; subject, however, to adjustment for any Default Loans as provided in Section 7.09. 
    
  (a)            Determination of Appraised Value  .  For purposes of this Article VII, the appraised value ("  Appraised Value  ") of the assets of the Company shall be determined as follows:  The Appraised Value shall be determined by one (1) or more independent qualified M.A.I. appraisers with at least five (5) years' experience appraising industrial real estate projects.  The Non-Defaulting Member shall select one (1) appraiser and shall include such selection in the Default Notice.  Within fifteen (15) Business Days following the effective date of the Default Notice, the Defaulting Member shall either agree to the appraiser selected by the Non-Defaulting Member or select a second (2nd) appraiser and give written notice to the Non-Defaulting Member of the person so selected.  If either the Non-Defaulting Member or the Defaulting Member fails to appoint such an appraiser within the time period specified and after the expiration of five (5) Business Days following the effective date of written demand that an appraiser be appointed, then the appraiser duly appointed by the Member making such demand to appoint such appraiser shall proceed to make the appraisal as herein set forth, and the determination thereof shall be conclusive on both of the Members.  If two (2) appraisers are selected, then such selected appraisers shall thereafter appoint a third (3rd) appraiser.  If the two (2) selected appraisers fail to appoint a third (3rd) appraiser within ten (10) Business Days following the effective date of written notice from the Defaulting Member notifying the  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            34 
  34 
  FINAL VERSION 

Non-Defaulting Member of the selection of the second (2nd) appraiser, then any Member may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a third (3rd) appraiser, in the same manner as provided for the appointment of an arbitrator pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1281.6. 
  The appraiser or three (3) appraisers, as the case may be, shall promptly determine a date for the completion of the appraisal, which shall not be later than sixty (60) days from the effective date of appointment of the last appraiser. 
  The appraiser(s) shall determine the Appraised Value by determining the fair market value of the assets of the Company, such fair market value being the fairest price estimated in the terms of money which the Company could obtain if such assets were sold in the open market allowing a reasonable time to find a purchaser who purchases with knowledge of the business of the Company at the time of the occurrence of the Default Event. 
  Upon submission of the appraisals setting forth the opinions as to the Appraised Value of the assets of the Company, the two (2) such appraisals which are nearest in amount shall be retained, and the third (3rd) appraisal shall be discarded.  The average of the two (2) retained appraisals shall constitute the Appraised Value of the assets of the Company for purposes of this Article VII; unless one (1) appraisal is the mean of the other two (2) appraisals, in which case such appraisal shall constitute the Appraised Value of the assets of the Company for purposes of this Article VII. 
    
  (b)        Payment of Costs  .  Except as provided below, the Non-Defaulting Member shall pay for the services of the appraiser appointed by such Member, and the Defaulting Member shall pay for the services of the appraiser appointed by such Member.  The cost of the services of the third (3rd) appraiser, if any, shall be paid one-half ( ) by the Non-Defaulting Member, on the one hand, and one-half ( ) by the Defaulting Member, on the other hand.  The costs of the services of the Accounting Firm and, in the event only one (1) appraiser is required, the cost of the services of such appraiser, shall be paid one-half ( ) by the Non-Defaulting Member, on the one hand, and one-half ( ) by the Defaulting Member, on the other hand. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            35 
  35 
  FINAL VERSION 

7.04        Non-Defaulting Members' Option 
  For a period of thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Accountant's Notice, the Non-Defaulting Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to elect to purchase the entire Interest of the Defaulting Member for the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price, and on the terms and conditions set forth in this Article VII by giving written notice of such election to the Defaulting Member within such thirty (30)-day period.  Failure by the Non-Defaulting Member to timely give written notice exercising such Member's right to elect to purchase set forth in this Section 7.04 shall be deemed an election by such Member to waive such right to purchase with respect to the particular Default Event that triggered the application of the provisions of this Article VII. 
    
  7.05        Closing Adjustments 
  Within five (5) days before the actual date of the closing pursuant to Section 7.06 below, the Accounting Firm shall recalculate the amount of cash which would be distributed to each Member pursuant to Section 5.01, if such amount were determined as of the closing date under Section 7.06 (in lieu of the effective date of the Default Notice) taking into account any contributions and/or distributions made after the effective date of the Default Notice.  Upon such determination, the Accounting Firm shall give each Member written notice ("  Adjusted Accountant's Notice  ") thereof.  The Accounting Firm shall reasonably and in good faith adjust the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price, if and to the extent necessary, to take into account the adjustments described in the Adjusted Accountant's Notice and to take into account appropriate prorations that would have been made if there had been an actual sale of the Project to a third party as of the date of the closing under Section 7.06. 
    
  7.06        Closing of Purchase and Sale 
  The closing of a purchase and sale pursuant to this Article VII shall be held at the principal office of the Company in California on a Business Day designated by the Non-Defaulting Member that is not later than sixty (60) days after the expiration of the thirty (30)-day period set forth in Section 7.04.  The Defaulting Member shall transfer to the purchasing Non-Defaulting Member (or such Member's nominee(s)) the entire Interest of the Defaulting Member free and clear of all liens, security interests, and competing claims and shall deliver to the Non-Defaulting Member (or such Member's nominee(s)) such instruments of transfer and such evidence of due authorization, execution, and delivery, and of the absence of any such liens, security interests, or competing claims as the Non-Defaulting Member (or such Member's nominee(s)) shall reasonably request. 
    
  7.07        Representations and Warranties 
  At the closing, the Defaulting Member shall represent and warrant to the Non-Defaulting Member that the sale of the Defaulting Member's Interest to the Non-Defaulting Member (or its nominee) (i) does not violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, security or pledge agreement, license, lease, franchise, permit, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Defaulting Member is a party (exclusive of any such agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company is a party), or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            36 
  36 
  FINAL VERSION 

regulation applicable to the Defaulting Member or any of the other properties or assets of the Defaulting Member.  The Defaulting Member shall also represent and warrant to the Non-Defaulting Member at such closing that no notice to, declaration, filing or registration with, or authorization, consent or approval, or permit from, any domestic or foreign governmental regulatory body or authority, or any Person, is necessary in connection with the sale of its Interest to the Non-Defaulting Member. 
    
  7.08        Payment of Defaulting Member's Purchase Price 
  The Non-Defaulting Member shall pay (or cause to be paid) the entire Defaulting Member's Purchase Price by delivering at the closing a confirmed wire transfer of readily available funds or one (1) or more certified or bank cashier's checks made payable to the order of the Defaulting Member. 
    
  7.09        Repayment of Default Loans 
  The Defaulting Member's Purchase Price shall be offset at the closing of such purchase by the then unpaid principal balance of any and all Default Loan(s) (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the Non-Defaulting Member to the Defaulting Member.  Such Default Loan(s) (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) shall be deemed paid to the extent of such offset, with such deemed payment to be applied first to the accrued interest thereon and thereafter to the payment of the outstanding principal amount thereof.  If the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price is insufficient to fully offset the then unpaid principal balance of any and all Default Loans (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the Non-Defaulting Member to the Defaulting Member, then the portion of any such Default Loan(s) (and accrued, unpaid interest thereon) that remains outstanding following such offset shall be required to be paid by the Defaulting Member at the closing referenced in Section 7.06.  Also, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the unpaid balance of any and all Default Loan(s) (including all outstanding principal amounts thereof and all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the Defaulting Member to the Non-Defaulting Member be required to be paid by the Defaulting Member at the closing referenced in Section 7.06. 
    
  7.10        Release and Indemnity 
  On or before the closing of a purchase and sale held pursuant to this Article VII, the Non-Defaulting Member shall use such Member's reasonable and good faith efforts to obtain written releases of the Defaulting Member and the Defaulting Member's Affiliates from all liabilities under all Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents and all other liabilities of the Company for which Affiliates may have personal liability, except to the extent caused by the fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement by the Defaulting Member (or any Affiliate thereof).  To the extent the Non-Defaulting Member is unable to obtain such releases on or before the closing, the Non-Defaulting Member and an Affiliate of the Non-Defaulting Member with a net worth reasonably acceptable to the Defaulting Member shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold the Defaulting Member (and its Affiliates) wholly harmless from and against all such liabilities and guaranties, except for any liabilities arising out of the fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement by the Defaulting Member (or any Affiliate thereof). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            37 
  37 
  FINAL VERSION 

7.11        Withdrawal of the Defaulting Member 
  If the Interest of the Defaulting Member is purchased by the Non-Defaulting Member (or its nominee) pursuant to this Article VII, then, effective as of the closing for such purchase, the Defaulting Member shall withdraw as a member of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any indemnity of the Defaulting Member and its Affiliates provided for under this Agreement including, without limitation, under Section 10.02(b) shall survive the sale of the Interest of the Defaulting Member and its withdrawal as a member of the Company. 
    
  7.12        Distribution of Reserves 
  The amount established by the Non-Defaulting Member for reserves pursuant to Section 7.03(iii) above shall be invested by the Company into a separate interest bearing account and shall be drawn upon solely to satisfy any contingent, unmatured or conditional liabilities or obligations of the Company in existence as of the effective date of the Default Notice for which such reserve was established.  Within one (1) year following the closing of the purchase of the entire Interest of the Defaulting Member in the Company pursuant to this Article VII, the Non-Defaulting Member shall pay to the Defaulting Member an amount equal to the difference between the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price determined pursuant to Section 7.03 and the amount that the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price would have been equal to if (i) no reserves had been established or deducted in calculating the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price, and (ii) the amount used in determining the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price under Section 7.03(iv) had been reduced by the aggregate amount of any contingent, unmatured or conditional liabilities of the Company (for which such reserve was established) that were actually paid by the Company during such one (1)-year period.  Any interest earned on the proceeds invested in the interest bearing account shall be paid to the Defaulting Member in the same ratio as the principal balance of such proceeds is distributed in accordance with this Section 7.12. 
    
  ARTICLE VIII 
  ELECTIVE BUY/SELL AGREEMENT 
    
  8.01        Buy/Sell Election 
  Either Member that is not a Defaulting Member (the "  Electing Member  ") shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time after the Lockout Date or an Impasse Event to elect to implement the buy/sell procedures set forth in this Article VIII by delivering written notice of such election ("  Election Notice  ") to the other Member (the "  Non-Electing Member  ").  The term "  Lockout Date  " means the earlier of (i) six (6) months after the Project Stabilization Date, or (ii) three (3) years after the Effective Date.  The Election Notice shall set forth a stated value (the "  Stated Value  "), as determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Electing Member, for all of the assets of the Company.  For purposes of this Article VIII, a Member shall not be deemed to be a Defaulting Member after the expiration of the sixty (60)-day or ninety (90)-day period, as the case may be, set forth in Section 7.02. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            38 
  38 
  FINAL VERSION 

8.02        Determination of the Purchase Price 
  Within ten (10) Business Days following the effective date of any Election Notice (or as soon as reasonably possible thereafter), the Accounting Firm shall determine the aggregate amount of cash which would be distributed to each Member if (i) the assets of the Company were sold for their Stated Value as of the effective date of the Election Notice; (ii) the liabilities of the Company were liquidated pursuant to Section 12.02(a); (iii) a reserve was   not   established for any contingent, conditional or unmatured liabilities or obligations of the Company pursuant to Section 12.02(b); and (iv) any remaining amounts were distributed to the Members in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.01.  Upon such determination, the Accounting Firm shall give each Member written notice ("  Price Determination Notice  ") thereof.  The determination by the Accounting Firm of such amounts including all components thereof, shall be deemed conclusive on all of the Members, absent any material computational error.  One hundred percent (100%) of the amount that would be distributed to each Member pursuant to Section 12.04(c) shall be deemed the purchase price ("  Purchase Price  ") for such Member's Interest for purposes of this Article VIII; subject, however, to adjustment for any Default Loans described in Section 8.08. 
    
  8.03        Non-Electing Member's Option 
  For a period of thirty (30) days following the effective date of the Price Determination Notice, the Non-Electing Member shall have the option to elect by delivering written notice (the "  Purchase Notice  ") of such election to the Electing Member within such thirty (30)  -  day period, either (i) to purchase the Electing Member's entire Interest for the Purchase Price thereof, or (ii) to sell such Non-Electing Member's entire Interest to the Electing Member for the Purchase Price thereof.  Failure of the Non-Electing Member to timely and validly make an election in accordance with this Section 8.03 shall constitute an election by such Non-Electing Member to sell such Non-Electing Member's entire Interest for the Purchase Price thereof to the Electing Member. 
    
  8.04        Deposit 
  WITHIN FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER THE EXPIRATION OF THE THIRTY (30)-DAY OPTION PERIOD SET FORTH IN SECTION 8.03, THE BUYING MEMBER SHALL DEPOSIT INTO AN ESCROW ACCOUNT ESTABLISHED BY THE BUYING MEMBER WITH A NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED TITLE COMPANY, A DEPOSIT (THE "  DEPOSIT  ") BY A WIRE TRANSFER OF IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE FEDERAL FUNDS IN AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO FIVE PERCENT (5%) OF THE PURCHASE PRICE, WHICH SHALL BE NON-REFUNDABLE TO THE BUYING MEMBER IF THE CLOSING OF THE SALE FAILS TO OCCUR AS A RESULT OF THE BUYING MEMBER'S DEFAULT.  UPON THE CLOSING OF THE SALE, THE DEPOSIT SHALL BE A CREDIT AGAINST THE PURCHASE PRICE.  SUBJECT TO SECTION 8.10, IF THE SALE FAILS TO OCCUR DUE TO THE BUYING MEMBER, THEN THE SELLING MEMBER SHALL RETAIN THE DEPOSIT OF THE BUYING MEMBER AS LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, AS ITS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AT LAW IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH DEFAULT.  THE MEMBERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IT WOULD BE IMPRACTICAL AND EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO ESTIMATE THE DAMAGES WHICH THE SELLING MEMBER MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH A DEFAULT BY THE BUYING MEMBER UNDER THIS ARTICLE VIII.  THEREFORE, SUBJECT TO SECTION 8.10, THE MEMBERS HAVE AGREED THAT A REASONABLE ESTIMATE OF THE TOTAL NET DETRIMENT  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            39 
  39 
  FINAL VERSION 

THAT ANY MEMBER WOULD SUFFER IN SUCH EVENT IS AND SHALL BE THE RIGHT OF THE SELLING MEMBER TO RETAIN THE DEPOSIT AS LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, AS ITS SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY AT LAW UNDER THIS ARTICLE VIII.  THE MEMBERS EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE RETENTION OF THE DEPOSIT IS NOT INTENDED AS A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY WITHIN THE MEANING OF DELAWARE LAW (OR CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 3375 OR 3369 OR UNDER ANY OTHER STATE LAWS TO THE EXTENT DELAWARE LAW DOES NOT APPLY), BUT IS INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES TO THE SELLING MEMBER PURSUANT TO DELAWARE LAW (OR CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTIONS 1671, 1676 AND 1677 OR UNDER ANY OTHER STATE LAWS TO THE EXTENT DELAWARE LAW DOES NOT APPLY).  NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL LIMIT OR OTHERWISE AFFECT ANY RIGHTS THE SELLING MEMBER MAY HAVE TO OBTAIN SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE AND, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY OTHER EQUITABLE REMEDIES.  THE MEMBERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED BY THEIR COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 8.04 AND BY THEIR INITIALS SET FORTH BELOW INDICATE THAT THE FOREGOING REMEDIES ARE FAIR AND REASONABLE AND AGREE AND COVENANT NOT TO CONTEST THE VALIDITY OF SUCH REMEDY AS A PENALTY, FORFEITURE OR OTHERWISE IN ANY COURT OF LAW (AND/OR IN ANY ARBITRATION PROCEEDING). 
                 ____/s/ HM, /s/ AL____      INITIALS OF TEJON 
    ____/s/ BT, /s/ TS, /s/ ER____      INITIALS OF TEJON 

8.05        Closing Adjustments 
  Within five (5) days before the actual date of the closing pursuant to Section 8.06 below, the Accounting Firm shall recalculate the amount of cash which would be distributed to each Member pursuant to Section 5.01 if such amount were determined as of the closing date under Section 8.06 (in lieu of the effective date of the Election Notice) taking into account any contributions and/or distributions that occur after the effective date of the Election Notice.  Upon such determination, the Accounting Firm shall give each Member written notice ("  Adjusted Price Determination Notice  ") thereof.  The Accounting Firm shall reasonably and in good faith adjust the Defaulting Member's Purchase Price, if and to the extent necessary, to take into account the adjustments described in the Adjusted Price Determination Notice and to take into account appropriate prorations that would have been made if there had been an actual sale of the Project to a third party. 
    
  8.06        Closing of Purchase and Sale 
  The closing of a purchase and sale held pursuant to this Article VIII shall be held at the principal office of the Company on a Business Day designated by the buying Member within sixty (60) days following the earlier of (i) the effective date upon which the Non-Electing Member has delivered the Purchase Notice pursuant to Section 8.03, or (ii) the expiration of the thirty (30)-day option period set forth in Section 8.03.  The selling Member shall transfer to the buying Member (or the buying Member's nominee(s)) the entire Interest of the selling Member free and clear of all liens, security interests, and competing claims and shall deliver to the buying Member (or the buying Member's nominee(s)) such  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            40 
  40 
  FINAL VERSION 

instruments of transfer and such evidence of due authorization, execution, and delivery, and of the absence of any such liens, security interests, or competing claims, as the buying Member (or the buying Member's nominee(s)) shall reasonably request.  The Purchase Price for the selling Member's Interest shall be paid by the buying Member by delivering at the closing of a confirmed wire transfer of readily available funds or one (1) or more certified or bank cashier's checks made payable to the selling Member in an amount equal to the Purchase Price, less the amount of the Deposit paid by the buying Member pursuant to Section 8.04 above (which shall be released to the selling Member at the closing).  Effective as of the closing for the purchase of the selling Member's Interest, the selling Member shall withdraw as a member of the Company.  In connection with any such withdrawal, the buying Member may cause any nominee designated in the sole and absolute discretion of such Member to be admitted as a substituted member of the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any indemnity of the selling Member and its Affiliates provided for under this Agreement including, without limitation, under Section 10.02(b) shall survive the sale of the Interest of the selling Member and its withdrawal as a member of the Company. 
    
  8.07        Representations and Warranties 
  At the closing, the selling Member shall represent and warrant to the buying Member that the sale of the selling Member's Interest to the buying Member (or its nominee) (i) does not violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default) under any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, security or pledge agreement, license, lease, franchise, permit, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the selling Member is a party (exclusive of any such agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company is a party), or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the selling Member or any of the other properties or assets of the selling Member (exclusive of its Interest in the Company).  The selling Member shall also represent and warrant to the buying Member at such closing that no notice to, declaration, filing or registration with, or authorization, consent or approval, or permit from, any domestic or foreign governmental regulatory body or authority, or any Person, is necessary in connection with the sale of its Interest to the buying Member. 
    
  8.08        Repayment of Default Loans 
  The Purchase Price shall be offset at the closing of such purchase by the then unpaid principal balance of any and all Default Loan(s) (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the buying Member to the selling Member.  Such Default Loan(s) (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) shall be deemed paid to the extent of such offset, with such deemed payment to be applied first to the accrued interest thereon and thereafter to the payment of the outstanding principal amount thereof.  If the Purchase Price is insufficient to fully offset the then unpaid principal balance of any and all Default Loan(s) (together with all accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the buying Member to the selling Member, then the portion of any such Default Loan(s) (and accrued, unpaid interest thereon) that remains outstanding following such offset shall be required to be paid by the Defaulting Member at the closing referenced in Section 8.06.  Also, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the unpaid balance of any and all Default Loan(s) (including all outstanding principal amounts thereof and all  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            41 
  41 
  FINAL VERSION 

accrued, unpaid interest thereon) made by the selling Member to the buying Member shall be required to be paid by the Defaulting Member at the closing referenced in Section 8.06. 
    
  8.09        Release and Indemnity 
  On or before the closing of a purchase and sale held pursuant to this Article VIII, the buying Member shall use such Member's reasonable and good faith efforts to obtain written releases of the selling Member and the selling Member's Affiliates from all liabilities under all Recourse Documents and Nonrecourse Documents and all other liabilities of the Company for which the selling Member (and/or its Affiliates) may have personal liability, except to the extent caused by the fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement by such selling Member (or any Affiliate thereof).  To the extent the buying Member is unable to obtain such releases on or before the closing, the buying Member and an Affiliate of the buying Member with a net worth reasonably acceptable to the selling Member shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold the selling Member (and its Affiliates) wholly harmless from and against all such liabilities and guaranties, except for any liabilities caused by the fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement by such selling Member (or any Affiliate thereof). 
    
  8.10        Interim Event of Default 
  If any Member elects (or is deemed to elect) to be a buying Member in accordance with the provisions of this Article VIII and defaults in its obligations to timely and validly close any such purchase, then (i) the buying Member shall not have any further right to deliver an Election Notice pursuant to Section 8.01 for a period of one (1) year after the date of such default, and (ii) the selling Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to elect to purchase the Interest of the defaulting Member by delivering a Purchase Notice to such defaulting Member within thirty (30) days following such default.  If the selling Member makes the election described in clause (ii) above, then the Purchase Price for the defaulting Member's Interest shall be ninety percent (90%) of the amount that was otherwise determined under Section 8.02 and such purchase and sale shall otherwise be on the other terms and conditions set forth in this Article VIII.  If the selling Member delivers a Purchase Notice pursuant to this Section 8.10, then the selling Member shall not be entitled to retain the Deposit under Section 8.04. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            42 
  42 
  FINAL VERSION 

8.11        Application of Provisions 
  The Members acknowledge and agree that if either Member has timely and validly delivered an Election Notice to the other Member and initiated the buy/sell procedures set forth in this Article VIII, then such other Member shall be precluded from delivering an Election Notice unless such buy/sell procedure has been terminated. 
    
  ARTICLE IX          REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND OTHER MATTERS 
    
  9.01        Tejon Representations 
  As of the Effective Date, each of the statements in this Section 9.01 shall be a true, accurate and full disclosure of all facts relevant to the matters contained therein.  Tejon hereby represents and warrants as follows for the sole and exclusive benefit of Majestic, each of which is material and is being relied upon by Majestic as of the Effective Date: 
  (a)            Due Formation  .  Tejon is a duly organized corporation validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of California and has the requisite power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement; 
  (b)        Required Actions  .  All corporate action required to be taken by Tejon to execute and deliver this Agreement has been taken by Tejon and no further approval of any member, partner, shareholder, manager, officer, board, court, or other body is necessary to permit Tejon to execute and deliver this Agreement; 
  (c)            Binding Obligation  .  This Agreement and all other documents to be executed and delivered by Tejon pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will on the date such Agreement and documents are fully executed and delivered constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Tejon, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws now or hereafter in effect affecting generally the enforcement of creditors' rights, and statutes or rules of equity concerning the enforcement of the remedy of specific performance (collectively, the "  Enforceability Exceptions  "); 
  (d)        No Consent  .  No notice to, declaration, filing or registration with, or authorization, consent or approval, or permit from, any domestic or foreign governmental regulatory body or authority, or any Person, is necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Tejon, or (ii) the consummation and performance by Tejon of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than the usual and customary consents and permits required to be issued in connection with the development of the Property); 
  (e)            Violation of Law  .  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Tejon, nor the consummation by Tejon of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by Tejon with any of the provisions hereof will (i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default) under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, security or pledge agreement, license, lease, franchise, permit, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company and/or Tejon is a party as of the Effective Date or to which the Company and/or Tejon or any of the other properties or assets of the Company and/or Tejon may be subject as of the Effective Date, or (ii) violate any  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            43 
  43 
  FINAL VERSION 

judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company and/or Tejon or any of the other properties or assets of the Company and/or Tejon as of the Effective Date; 
  (f)            No Litigation  .  To the Actual Knowledge of Tejon, there is no litigation, arbitration, legal or administrative suit, action, proceeding or investigation of any kind, pending or threatened in writing (nor any basis therefor), which questions, directly or indirectly, the validity or enforceability of this Agreement as to Tejon; 
  (g)        No Member Obligations  .  Tejon has not incurred any other obligations or liabilities (excluding any obligations or liabilities related to the Property) which could individually or in the aggregate adversely affect Tejon's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or which would become obligations or liabilities of Majestic or the Company; 
  (h)        Anti-Terrorism  .  Neither Tejon, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of their respective partners, members, shareholders or other equity owners, and none of their respective employees, officers or directors, is, nor will they become, a Person with whom U.S. persons or entities are restricted from doing business under regulations of Office of Foreign Asset Control ("  OFAC  ") of the Department of the Treasury (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action and is not and will not engage in any dealings or transactions or be otherwise associated with such Person; 
  (i)            No Plan Assets  .  Tejon does not hold the assets of any "employee benefit plan" as defined by Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, any "plan" as described by Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any Person deemed to hold the plan assets of the foregoing; 
  (j)            Financial Statements  .  The financial statements previously delivered by Tejon to Majestic fairly present the financial condition of Tejon as of the date of such financial statements, and no material adverse change has occurred in the financial condition of Tejon since such date; 
  (k)        Most Knowledgeable Individuals  .  Lyda, McMahon and Dean Brown ("  Brown  ") are the individuals employed or affiliated with Tejon that have the most knowledge and information regarding the representations and warranties made in this Section 9.01; and 
  (l)            No Untrue Statements  .  To the Actual Knowledge of Tejon, no representation, warranty or covenant of Tejon in this Agreement contains or will contain any untrue statement of material facts or omits or will omit to state material facts necessary to make the statements or facts contained therein not misleading. 
  The term "  Actual Knowledge of Tejon  " means the actual present knowledge of Lyda, McMahon and Brown without regard to any imputed or constructive knowledge and without any duty of inquiry or investigation.  In no event shall Lyda, McMahon or Brown have any liability for the breach of any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            44 
  44 
  FINAL VERSION 

9.02        Majestic Representations 
  As of the Effective Date, each of the statements in this Section 9.02 shall be a true, accurate and full disclosure of all facts relevant to the matters contained therein.  Majestic hereby represents and warrants as follows for the sole and exclusive benefit of Tejon, each of which is material and is being relied upon by Tejon as of the Effective Date: 
    
  (a)            Due Formation  .  Majestic is a duly organized limited liability company validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has the requisite power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement; 
    
  (b)        Required Actions  .  All corporate action required to be taken by Majestic to execute and deliver this Agreement has been taken and no further approval of any member, partner, shareholder, manager, officer, board, court, or other body is necessary to permit Majestic to execute and deliver this Agreement; 
    
  (c)            Binding Obligation  .  This Agreement and all other documents to be executed and delivered by Majestic pursuant to the terms of this Agreement will on the date such Agreement and documents are fully executed and delivered constitute legal, valid, and binding obligations of Majestic, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by any Enforceability Exception; 
    
  (d)        No Consent  .  No notice to, declaration, filing or registration with, or authorization, consent or approval, or permit from, any domestic or foreign governmental regulatory body or authority, or any Person, is necessary in connection with (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement, or (ii) the consummation and performance by Majestic of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (other than the usual and customary consents and permits required to be issued in connection with the development of the Property); 
    
  (e)            Violation of Law  .  Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation by Majestic of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance by Majestic with any of the provisions hereof will (i) violate, conflict with, or result in a breach of any provisions of, or constitute a material default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a material default) under, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, security or pledge agreement, license, lease, franchise, permit, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which the Company and/or Majestic is a party as of the Effective Date or to which the Company and/or Majestic or any of the other properties or assets of the Company and/or Majestic may be subject as of the Effective Date, or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company and/or Majestic or any of the other properties or assets of the Company and/or Majestic as of the Effective Date; 
  (f)            No Litigation  .  To the Actual Knowledge of Majestic, there is no litigation, arbitration, legal or administrative suit, action, proceeding or investigation of any kind, pending or  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            45 
  45 
  FINAL VERSION 

threatened in writing (nor any basis therefor), which questions, directly or indirectly, the validity or enforceability of this Agreement to Majestic; 
    
  (g)        No Member Obligations  .  Majestic has not incurred any obligations or liabilities which could individually or in the aggregate adversely affect Majestic's ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or which would become obligations or liabilities of Tejon or the Company; 
    
  (h)        Anti-Terrorism  .  Neither Majestic, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of their respective partners, members, shareholders or other equity owners, and none of their respective employees, officers or directors, is, nor will they become, a Person with whom U.S. Persons are restricted from doing business under regulations of OFAC (including those named on OFAC's Specially Designated and Blocked Persons List) or under any statute, executive order (including the September 24, 2001, Executive Order Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions with Persons Who Commit, Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism), or other governmental action and is not and will not engage in any dealings or transactions or be otherwise associated with such Persons; 
    
  (i)            No Plan Assets  .  Majestic does not hold the assets of any "employee benefit plan" as defined by Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, any "plan" as described by Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any entity deemed to hold the plan assets of the foregoing; 
    
  (j)            Financial Statements  .  The financial statements previously delivered by Tejon to Majestic fairly present the financial condition of Tejon as of the date of such financial statements, and no material adverse change has occurred in the financial condition of Tejon since such date; 
    
  (k)        Most Knowledgeable Individuals  .  Brett Tremaine and Thomas Simmons are the individuals employed or affiliated with Majestic that have the most knowledge and information regarding the representations and warranties made in this Section 9.02; 
    
  (l)            No Untrue Statements  .  To the Actual Knowledge of Majestic, no representation, warranty or covenant of Majestic in this Agreement contains any untrue statement of material facts or omits to state material facts necessary to make the statements or facts contained therein not misleading. 
  The term "  Actual Knowledge of Majestic  " means the actual present knowledge of Brett Tremaine and Thomas Simmons without regard to any imputed or constructive knowledge and without any duty of inquiry or investigation.  In no event shall Brett Tremaine or Thomas Simmons have any liability for the breach of any of the representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement. 
    
  9.03        Brokerage Fee Representation and Indemnity 
  Except for Colliers International Greater Los Angeles, Inc. (which has been retained and will be paid for solely by Tejon), each Member hereby represents that such Member has not retained any broker, finder, agent or the like in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein.  Each Member hereby agrees to indemnify, defend and hold the other Member wholly harmless from and against  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            46 
  46 
  FINAL VERSION 

all Losses arising out of any claim for brokerage or other commissions relative to this Agreement, or the transactions contemplated herein insofar as any such claim arises by reason of services alleged to have been rendered to or at the insistence of such indemnifying party.  No Member shall receive any credit to its Capital Account or Unreturned Contribution Account or otherwise be reimbursed by the Company for any amounts paid by such Member pursuant to this Section 9.03. 
    
  9.04        Investment Representations 
  Each Member agrees as follows with respect to investment representations: 
  (a)            Member Understandings  .  Each Member understands the following: 
    
  (i)            No Registration  .  That the Interests in the Company evidenced by this Agreement have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C.   15b   et seq  ., the Delaware Securities Act, the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968 or any other state securities laws (the "  Securities Acts  ") because the Company is issuing Interests in the Company in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Acts providing for issuance of securities not involving a public offering; 
  (ii)        Reliance by the Company  .  That the Company has relied upon the representation made by each Member that the Interest issued to such Member is to be held by such Member for investment; and 
  (iii)        No Distribution  .  That exemption from registration under the Securities Acts would not be available if any Interest in the Company was acquired by a Member with a view to distribution.  Each Member agrees that the Company is under no obligation to register the Interests or to assist the Members in complying with any exemption from registration under the Securities Acts if the Member should at a later date wish to dispose of such its Interest in the Company. 
    
  (b)        Acquisition for Own Account  .  Each Member hereby represents to the Company that such Member is acquiring its Interest in the Company for such Member's own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. 
    
  (c)        No Public Market  .  Each Member recognizes that no public market exists with respect to the Interests and no representation has been made that such a public market will exist at a future date. 
    
  (d)        No Advertisement  .  Each Member hereby represents that such Member has not received any advertisement or general solicitation with respect to the sale of the Interests. 
  (e)            Pre-Existing Business Relationship  .  Each Member acknowledges that such Member has a preexisting personal or business relationship with the Company or its officers, directors, or principal interest holders, or, by reason of such Member's business or financial experience or the business or financial experience of such Member's financial advisors (who are not affiliated with the Company), could be reasonably assumed to have the capacity to protect such Member's own interest in connection with the acquisition of its Interest.  Each Member further acknowledges that such Member is familiar with the financial condition and prospects of the Company's business, and has discussed with the other Member the current activities of the Company.  Each Member believes that the Interest is a security of the kind such  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            47 
  47 
  FINAL VERSION 

Member wishes to purchase and hold for investment, and that the nature and amount of the Interest is consistent with such Member's investment program. 
    
  (f)            Due Investigation  .  Before acquiring any Interest in the Company, each Member has investigated the Company and its business and the Company has made available to each Member all information necessary for the Member to make an informed decision to acquire an Interest in the Company.  Each Member considers itself to be a Person possessing experience and sophistication as an investor adequate for the evaluation of the merits and risks of the Member's investment in the Company. 
    
  9.05        Indemnification Obligations 
  In addition to the indemnity described in Section 9.03 above, each Member hereby unconditionally and irrevocably covenants and agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, the other Member and such other Member's partners, members, shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents and other representatives (collectively, the "  Affiliated Parties  ") from and against any and all Losses incurred by the other Member and/or such Affiliated Parties resulting from or arising out of any material inaccuracy or material breach of any representations or warranties made by such Member under this Agreement.  No Member shall receive any credit to its Capital Account or Unreturned Contribution Account or otherwise be reimbursed by the Company for any amounts paid by such Member pursuant to this Section 9.05. 
    
  9.06        Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants 
  Each Member understands the meaning and consequences of the representations, warranties and covenants made by such Member set forth in this Article IX and that the Company and the other Member have relied upon such representations, warranties and covenants.  All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Article IX shall survive the execution of this Agreement, the formation of the Company, the withdrawal of any Member as a member of the Company and the liquidation of the Company. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            48 
  48 
  FINAL VERSION 

ARTICLE X 
  LIABILITY, EXCULPATION, RESTRICTIONS ON COMPETITION,  FIDUCIARY DUTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION 
    
  10.01        Liability for Company Claims 
  Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement, the Delaware Act and/or any other applicable law, the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be solely the debts, obligations and liabilities of the Company, and no Member shall be obligated personally for any such debt, obligation or liability of the Company solely by reason of being a member of the Company. 
    
  10.02        Exculpation, Indemnity and Reliance on Information 
  The Members hereby agree to the exculpation, indemnity and other provisions set forth below as follows: 
  (a)        Liability  .  No authorized Person, Member or Officer of the Company, or, if designated by the Executive Committee, any Affiliate or any direct and indirect members, partners, shareholders, directors, officers, managers, trustees and employees of any Member (collectively, the "  Covered Persons  ") shall be liable or accountable in damages or otherwise to the Company or to any Member for any error of judgment or any mistake of fact or law or for anything that such Covered Person may do or refrain from doing hereafter, except to the extent caused by such Covered Person's fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement. 
    
  (b)        Indemnity  .  To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, the Company hereby agrees to indemnify, defend (with counsel selected by the Executive Committee), protect and hold harmless, each Covered Person, from and against any and all Losses incurred by such Covered Person by reason of anything which such Covered Person may do or refrain from doing that arises out of or relates to the Company to the extent such Losses are not covered by insurance maintained by or for the benefit of such Covered Person.  The foregoing obligation of the Company to indemnify, protect, defend and hold harmless each Covered Person shall extend to any Losses incurred by any Guarantor under any Recourse Document or Nonrecourse Document (or as a result of the rights of contribution described in Section 3.05).  Notwithstanding the foregoing terms of this Section 10.02(b), no Covered Person (including any Guarantor) shall be entitled to be indemnified by the Company to the extent any such Losses are incurred by such Covered Person by reason of such Covered Person's fraud, bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or breach of this Agreement (other than a failure to pay any amounts due under any such Recourse Document or Nonrecourse Document as a result of the breach or default of the Company). 
    
  The Administrative Member may cause the Company to pay any costs and/or expenses incurred by any Covered Person in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding prior to the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of any undertaking by or on behalf of such Covered Person (or, in the Executive Committee's reasonable discretion, a  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            49 
  49 
  FINAL VERSION 

creditworthy Affiliate thereof) to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such Covered Person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company as authorized in this Section 10.02 
    
  (b).  The obligation of the Company to indemnify, defend, protect and hold harmless each Covered Person under any provision of this Agreement shall survive the withdrawal of any Member from the Company and/or the liquidation of the Company, in each case solely to the extent such obligation of the Company arose prior to such withdrawal or liquidation. 
    
  If a claim for indemnification or payment of expenses under this Section 10.02(b) is not paid in full within thirty (30) calendar days after a written claim therefor by the Covered Person has been received by the Company, then the Covered Person may initiate an action to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim.  In any such action, the Covered Person shall have the burden of proving that the Covered Person was entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 
    
  (c)        Reliance upon Information, Opinions, Reports, etc  .  A Covered Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Company, any information received by any Member or the Company with respect to the Project (financial or otherwise), and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Company by any Person as to matters the Covered Person reasonably believes are within such other Person's professional or expert competence including, without limitation, information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities, profits, losses or cash flow or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which distributions to Members might properly be paid. 
    
  10.03        Limitation on Liability 
  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement (and without limiting any liability a party may have under the Delaware Act or other applicable law to return any distribution received by such party), no direct or indirect member, manager, partner, shareholder, officer, director, trustee or employee in or of any Member (collectively, the "  Nonrecourse Parties  ") shall be personally liable in any manner or to any extent under or in connection with this Agreement, and neither any Member nor the Company shall have any recourse to any assets of any of the Nonrecourse Parties.  Neither any Member nor any Nonrecourse Party shall have any liability for any punitive damages, lost profits, special damages or consequential damages based on any claim that arises out of or relates to this Agreement and/or the Company.  The limitations on liability provided in this Section 10.03 is in addition to, and not in limitation of, any limitation on liability applicable to any Member or Nonrecourse Party provided by law or by this Agreement or any other contract, agreement or instrument. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            50 
  50 
  FINAL VERSION 

10.04        Activities of the Members and Their Affiliates 
  Subject to the terms hereof, each Member and their respective Affiliates, direct and indirect members, partners, shareholders, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents and trustees shall only be required to devote so much of their time to the business and affairs of the Company as is determined in the reasonable discretion of each such party.  Subject to Section 10.05, neither Member nor any of its direct and indirect Affiliates, members, partners, shareholders, directors, officers, managers, employees, agents or trustees shall be prohibited from engaging in other businesses whether or not similar to the business of the Company. 
    
  10.05        Restrictions on Competition 
  (a)            Covenant Not to Compete  .  Each Member (the "  Competing Member  ") hereby agrees (as a material inducement to the other Member to enter into this Agreement) that neither such Member nor any Affiliate thereof shall, without the prior written consent of the other Member (the "  Non-Competing Member  "), which consent may be withheld in such Non-Competing Member's sole and absolute discretion, directly or indirectly, whether or not for compensation (as a proprietor, partner, member, lender, shareholder, affiliate, officer, agent, director, consultant, trustee or otherwise) develop or construct a speculative industrial building (i.e., a building constructed without a tenant that has agreed to lease such building) that contains between one hundred twenty-five thousand (125,000) and one million (1,000,000) square feet of gross leasable area that is located in Kern County, California.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Members acknowledge that (i) Tejon (and/or an Affiliate thereof) owns two (2) industrial projects at the Tejon Ranch Commerce Center commonly referred to as the 606,000 SF Five West Parcel and the 62-acre site known as Pads 18/19 (which are located in the immediate vicinity of the Project), and (ii) the Members and/or one (1) or more of their Affiliates have formed a limited liability company and together may form one (1) or more other limited liability companies or other entities in the future and each Member and its Affiliates may undertake any activities with respect to such real property described in clause (i) or clause (ii) above without regard to the restrictions set forth in this Section 10.05(a). 
    
  (b)        Termination of Restrictions  .    Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Agreement, the restrictions set forth in Section 10.05(a) shall terminate for each Member on the first to occur of the date that (i) at least ninety percent (90%) of the gross leasable area contained in the Project has been leased, (ii) Tejon or Majestic withdraws as a member of the Company (exclusive of any withdrawal resulting from any Transfer of any Member's Interest to any Permitted Transferee), or (iii) the Company dissolves and liquidates. 
    
  (c)            Constructive Trust  .  If the Competing Member (or any Affiliate thereof), directly or indirectly, breaches or violates the terms of Section 10.05(a), then, in addition to any other rights or remedies the Non-Competing Member and/or the Company may have against the Competing Member (or such Affiliate) at law or in equity, the Competing Member shall be accountable to, and shall hold in trust for, the Company, any income, compensation or profit that the Competing Member (or such Affiliate) may derive from engaging in such activities. 
  (d)        Enforceability of Restrictions  .  If any of the restrictions in this Section 10.05 shall be determined by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable by reason of its extending for too  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            51 
  51 
  FINAL VERSION 

great a period of time, or over too great a geographical area, or by reason of any such restriction being too extensive in any other respect, then such restriction shall be interpreted to extend only over the maximum period of time for which it may be enforceable, and/or over the maximum geographical area as to which it may be enforceable and/or to the maximum extent in all other respects as to which it may be enforceable, all as determined by such court in such action. 
    
  (e)            Irreparable Damage  .  Any breach of the covenants contained in this Section 10.05 by the Competing Member and/or any Affiliate thereof will cause irreparable damage to the Company and the Non-Competing Member, the exact amount of which will be difficult to ascertain, and the remedies at law for any such breach will be inadequate.  Accordingly, if the Competing Member and/or any Affiliate thereof breaches the covenants contained in this Section 10.05, then in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company and the Non-Competing Member shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive relief, without, in the event of a final judgment, posting a bond or other security. 
    
  10.06        Fiduciary Duties 
  The fiduciary duties otherwise owed by the Members to each other under the Delaware Act or otherwise are limited as follows: 
  (a)            Other Activities  .  Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 10.05), to the maximum extent allowed by law, neither Member shall have any obligations (fiduciary or otherwise) with respect to the Company or to the other Member insofar as making other investment opportunities available to the Company or to the other Member.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Member may engage in whatever activities such Member may choose, whether the same are competitive with the Company or otherwise, without having or incurring any obligation to offer any interest in such activities to the Company or to the other Member.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any activities undertaken pursuant hereto shall prevent either Member from engaging in such activities, and to the maximum extent allowed by law, the fiduciary duties of the Members to each other and to the Company shall be limited solely to those arising from the business of the Company. 
  EACH MEMBER AGREES THAT THE MODIFICATION AND WAIVER OF THE FIDUCIARY DUTIES OF EACH MEMBER PURSUANT TO THIS ARTICLE X ARE FAIR AND REASONABLE AND HAVE BEEN UNDERTAKEN WITH THE INFORMED CONSENT OF EACH MEMBER.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, EACH MEMBER AGREES AND COVENANTS NOT TO CONTEST THE VALIDITY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION IN ANY COURT OF LAW (AND/OR IN ANY OTHER PROCEEDING). 
    
  (b)        Good Faith and Fair Dealing  .  Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement, each Member intends to limit the standard of care, degree of loyalty and fiduciary duties to the maximum extent allowed by law; provided, however, the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Member may exercise any of its rights and remedies under this Agreement without regard to any fiduciary duties that are owed to  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            52 
  52 
  FINAL VERSION 

the Company or the other Member including, without limitation, the remedies set forth in Section 3.03 and Articles VII and VIII. 
    
  10.07        Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the rights conferred on any Person by this Article X shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such Person may have or hereafter acquire under any applicable law. 
    
  10.08        Amendment or Repeal 
  Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article X shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any Person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 
    
  10.09        Insurance 
  The Company may purchase and maintain insurance, to the extent and in such amounts as are determined by the Executive Committee on behalf of the Covered Persons and such other Persons as the Executive Committee shall determine in its reasonable discretion, against any liability or claim that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred by any such Person in connection with the activities of the Company or such indemnities, regardless of whether the Company would have the power to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement.  The Company may enter into indemnity contracts with Covered Persons and such other Persons as the Executive Committee shall determine and adopt written procedures pursuant to which arrangements are made for the advancement of expenses and the funding of obligations under Section 10.02(b) hereof and containing such other procedures regarding indemnifications as are appropriate. 
    
  ARTICLE XI 
  BOOKS AND RECORDS 
    
  11.01        Books of Account and Bank Accounts 
  The taxable year of the Company shall be the year ending December 31.  The Administrative Member shall maintain accurate and complete books of account and records showing the assets and liabilities, operations, transactions and financial condition of the Company on an accrual basis in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, consistently applied.  The Administrative Member shall also provide to the other Member within fifteen (15) days after the end of each calendar month (i) an unaudited monthly Net Cash Flow statement setting forth the calculation of Net Cash Flow and all disbursements of cash by the Company, and (ii) an unaudited statement of continuing operations for the Company, including a balance sheet for the Company, as of the end of the month, and a profit and loss statement for the month.  The Administrative Member shall also provide to the other Member within fifteen (15) days after the end of each calendar quarter a detailed description of any material deviations from the Approved Business Plan during the preceding calendar quarter.  Promptly after written request by the other Member, the Administrative Member shall deliver such other information as is reasonably requested by the other Member.  The Administrative Member shall also provide on an annual basis within thirty (30)  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            53 
  53 
  FINAL VERSION 

calendar days after each calendar year annual unaudited statements of the operations of the Company including (A) statement of net assets (balance sheet); (B) statement of operations; (C) statement of cash flows; and (D) statement of changes in Members' capital.  The annual financial reports shall be delivered together with a written statement by the Administrative Member that includes (1) a representation by the Administrative Member that such annual statements fairly represent the financial condition of the Company, and (2) a representation by the Administrative Member that such financial statements have been prepared in accordance Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, consistently applied. 
  Upon not less than seventy-two (72) hours prior notice, the Administrative Member shall cooperate with the other Member, at the Company's sole cost and expense, to conduct an independent inspection and review of the books and records of the Company.  The other Member shall have the authority to authorize the preparation of audited financial statements for the Company.  The failure by the Administrative Member to deliver or otherwise cooperate timely with any item to be delivered or request made in accordance with the requirements of this Section 11.01 shall be considered a material breach of the Administrative Member's obligations under this Agreement (provided the foregoing shall not limit any cure rights the Administrative Member may have with respect to such breach under Section 2.16(c) or 7.01(a) above). 
  During normal business hours at the office of the Company, on not less than forty-eight (48) hours prior notice, all of the following shall be made available for inspection and copying by each Member at its own expense:  (i) all books and records relating to the business and financial condition of the Company, (ii) a current list of the name and last known business, residence or mailing address of each Member, (iii) a copy of this Agreement, the Certificate of Formation for the Company and all amendments thereto, together with executed copies of any written powers-of-attorney pursuant to which this Agreement, the Certificate of Formation and all amendments thereto have been executed, (iv) the amount of cash and a description and statement of the agreed value of any other property or services contributed by each Member to the capital of the Company and which each Member has agreed to contribute in the future, and (v) the date upon which each Member became a member of the Company. 
    
  11.02        Tax Returns 
  The Administrative Member shall cause to be prepared and timely filed and distributed to each Member, at the expense of the Company (and prepared by an accounting firm approved by the Executive Committee), all required federal and state tax returns for the Company which shall be delivered to the Members by no later than March 31 each year.  The failure by the Administrative Member to deliver timely any tax return in accordance with the requirements of this Section 11.02 shall be considered a material breach of the Administrative Member's obligations under this Agreement if (i) such failure is not caused by the other Member's delay in delivering any information reasonably and timely requested in writing by the Administrative Member, and (ii) such failure is not caused by the accounting firm's failure to prepare such tax returns within the estimated timeframe provided by the accounting firm or any failure by the Executive Committee to agree on any accounting treatment or election (provided the foregoing shall not limit any cure rights the Administrative Member may have with respect to such breach under Section 2.16(c) or 7.01(a) above). 
  The Administrative Member is hereby designated as the "tax matters partner" of the Company as determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 6231(a)(7) of the Code and the Treasury  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            54 
  54 
  FINAL VERSION 

Regulations promulgated thereunder.  Following any resignation or removal of Majestic as the Administrative Member of the Company, Tejon shall be the "tax matters partner" of the Company.  The Administrative Member (or Tejon if it has replaced Majestic as the "tax matters partner" of the Company) is specifically directed and authorized to (x) take whatever steps may be necessary or desirable to perfect its designation as "tax matters partner," including filing any forms or documents with the IRS, and (y) take such other action as may from time to time be required under the Code and the Regulations.  The "tax matters partner" of the Company shall cause each other Member to be a "Notice Partner" within the meaning of Code Section 6231(a)(8).  The "tax matters partner" of the Company shall be entitled to be reimbursed by the Company for all reasonable third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with any tax proceeding relating to the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the "tax matters partner" of the Company shall (i) provide the Members with prompt notice and copies of all communications with the IRS, (ii) reasonably consult with the Members regarding the resolution of any disputes with the IRS, and (iii) not settle any such dispute, extend the statute of limitations with respect to such dispute, or take any other material action that would bind the Company or the Members in connection with such dispute, unless such decision is approved as a Major Decision.  For taxable years beginning after 2017, the Administrative Member is hereby designated as the "partnership representative" of the Company (provided the Administrative Member shall not be authorized to take any action as the "partnership representative" of the Company that would require the consent of the Executive Committee if such action was taken by the "tax matters partner" of the Company).  As the "partnership representative" of the Company, the Administrative Member will have the right to make an election to treat any "partnership adjustment" as an adjustment to be taken into account by each Member (and former member) in accordance with Section 6226 of the Code. 
    
  ARTICLE XII 
  DISSOLUTION AND WINDING UP OF THE COMPANY 
    
  12.01        Events Causing Dissolution of the Company 
  Upon any Member's bankruptcy, resignation, withdrawal, expulsion or other cessation to serve or the admission of a new member into the Company, the Company shall not dissolve but the business of the Company shall continue without interruption or break in continuity.  However, the Company shall be dissolved and its affairs wound up upon the first to occur of any of the following events: 
  (a)            Failure to Deliver Initial Annual Business Plan  .  The election of Tejon to dissolve the Company if Majestic does not deliver the initial annual business plan for any reason to the Executive Committee pursuant to Section 2.07 within one hundred eighty (180) days following the Effective Date of this Agreement (provided such election is made prior to the date (if any) that the Executive Committee approves the initial business plan for the Company); 
  (b)        Failure to Approve Initial Business Plan  .  The election of either Member to dissolve the Company if the Executive Committee for any reason does not approve the initial annual business plan in its sole and absolute discretion pursuant to Section 2.07 prior to the first anniversary of the Effective Date (provided such election is made prior to the date (if any) that the Executive Committee approves the initial business plan for the Company); 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            55 
  55 
  FINAL VERSION 

(c)            Sale of Assets  .  The sale, transfer or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of its assets and the collection by the Company of all consideration received in such transaction (including, without limitation, the collection of any promissory note received by the Company); 
  d)            Election of Members  .  The affirmative election of the Executive Committee to dissolve the Company; or 
  (e)            Decree of Dissolution  .  The entry of a decree of judicial dissolution pursuant to Section 18 802 of the Delaware Act. 
  Except as provided above in this Section 12.01, neither Member shall have the right to, and each Member hereby waives to the maximum extent allowed by law the right to, unilaterally seek to dissolve or cause the dissolution of the Company or to unilaterally seek to cause a partial or whole distribution or sale of Company assets whether by court action or otherwise, it being agreed that any actual or attempted dissolution, distribution or sale would cause a substantial hardship to the Company and the other Member. 
    
  12.02        Winding Up of the Company 
  Upon the Liquidation of the Company caused by other than the termination of the Company under Section 708(b)(1)(b) of the Code (in which latter case the Company shall remain in existence in accordance with the provisions of such Section of the Code), the Administrative Member shall proceed to the winding up of the business and affairs of the Company.  During such winding up process, the Net Profits, Net Losses and Cash Flow distributions shall continue to be shared by the Members in accordance with this Agreement.  Subject to Section 12.03, the assets shall be liquidated as promptly as consistent with obtaining a fair value therefor, and the proceeds therefrom, to the extent available, shall be applied and distributed by the Company on or before the end of the taxable year of such Liquidation or, if later, within ninety (90) days after such Liquidation, in the following order: 
  (a)            Creditors  .  First, to creditors of the Company (including Members who are creditors) in the order of priority as provided by law; 
  (b)        Reserves  .  Second, to establishing any reserves which the Administrative Member reasonably determines are necessary for any contingent, conditional or unmatured liabilities or obligations of the Company; and 
  (c)            Remaining Amounts  .  Thereafter, to the Members in the order of priority set forth in Section 5.01. 
  Any reserves withheld pursuant to Section 12.02(b) shall be distributed as soon as practicable, as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Member, in the order of priority set forth in Section 12.02(c). 
  The Members believe and intend that the effect of making any and all liquidating distributions in accordance with the provisions of Section 12.02(c) shall result in such liquidating distributions being made to the Members in proportion to the positive balances standing in their respective Capital Accounts.  If this is not the result, then the Administrative Member, upon the advice of tax counsel to the Company, is hereby authorized to make such amendments to the provisions of Article IV that are reasonably approved by the Executive Committee as may be necessary to cause such allocations to be in compliance with Code Section 704(b) and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            56 
  56 
  FINAL VERSION 

12.03        Distribution of Assets Upon Early Dissolution Events 
  Following the effective date of any notice delivered to dissolve the Company pursuant to Section 12.01(a) or 12.01(b), (i) Tejon shall not have any duty or obligation to convey (or cause to be conveyed) the Property (or any portion thereof) or any rights related thereto to the Company, and (ii) neither the Company nor Majestic shall have any rights to participate in, or otherwise realize any economic benefit from, the Property (or any rights related thereto).  In the case of a dissolution pursuant to Section 12.01(a) or Section 12.01(b), (A) the Company shall transfer, convey and assign (to the extent assignable) to Tejon any and all studies, surveys, plans, engineering and all other materials and rights owned by the Company that in any way relate to or benefit the Property (collectively, the "  Property Materials   Rights  "), and (B) any such transfer, conveyance and assignment shall be made by the Company to Tejon for no consideration on an "AS-IS" basis without any representation or warranty whatsoever from the Company, Majestic and/or any Affiliate thereof.  If Tejon's Representatives unreasonably withhold their approval of the Company's initial business plan pursuant to Section 2.07 and the Company is thereafter dissolved at the election of either Member pursuant to Section 12.01(b), then Tejon shall be required to reimburse the Company for all costs and expenses reimbursed or paid for by the Company to procure the Property Materials   Rights if and to the limited extent Majestic would otherwise receive less than the entire balance standing in its Unrecovered Contribution Account upon the dissolution of the Company.  Any amounts contributed by Tejon pursuant to this Section 12.03 shall be distributed to the Members in accordance with the terms of Section 5.01. 
    
  12.04        Negative Capital Account Restoration 
  No Member shall have any obligation whatsoever upon the Liquidation of such Member's Interest, the Liquidation of the Company or in any other event, to contribute all or any portion of any negative balance standing in such Member's Capital Account to the Company, to the other Member or to any other Person. 
  ARTICLE XIII 
  MISCELLANEOUS 
    
  13.01        Amendments 
  This Agreement may be amended and/or modified only with the written approval of both Members. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            57 
  57 
  FINAL VERSION 

13.02        Waiver of Conflict Interest 
  EACH MEMBER HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH THE DRAFTING, PREPARATION AND NEGOTIATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, THE FORMATION OF THE COMPANY AND ALL OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO, (I) ALLEN MATKINS LECK GAMBLE MALLORY   NATSIS LLP HAS ONLY REPRESENTED THE INTERESTS OF TEJON, AND NOT THE INTERESTS OF MAJESTIC, THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER PARTY, AND (II) GREENBERG GLUSKER FIELDS CLAMAN   MACHTINGER LLP HAS ONLY REPRESENTED THE INTERESTS OF MAJESTIC AND NOT THE INTERESTS OF TEJON, THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER PARTY.  THE ATTORNEYS, ACCOUNTANTS AND OTHER EXPERTS WHO PERFORM SERVICES FOR ANY MEMBER MAY ALSO PERFORM SERVICES FOR THE COMPANY.  TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATION CONSTITUTES A CONFLICT OF INTEREST, THE COMPANY AND EACH MEMBER HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY SUCH CONFLICT OF INTEREST.  EACH MEMBER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ATTORNEYS, ACCOUNTANTS AND OTHER EXPERTS WHO PERFORM SERVICES FOR THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE DEEMED BY VIRTUE OF SUCH REPRESENTATION TO HAVE ALSO REPRESENTED ANY OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH MATTERS. 
    
  13.03        Partnership Intended Solely for Tax Purposes 
  The Members have formed the Company as a Delaware limited liability company under the Delaware Act, and do not intend to form a corporation or a general or limited partnership under California or any other state law.  The Members intend the Company to be classified and treated as a partnership solely for federal and state income taxation purposes.  Each Member agrees to act consistently with the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.03 for all purposes, including, without limitation, for purposes of reporting the transactions contemplated herein to the Internal Revenue Service and all state and local taxing authorities. 
    
  13.04        Notices 
  All notices or other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing, and shall be delivered or sent, as the case may be, by any of the following methods:  (i) personal delivery, (ii) overnight commercial carrier, (iii) registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, or (iv) facsimile or email.  Any such notice or other communication shall be deemed received and effective upon the earlier of (A) if personally delivered, the date of delivery to the address of the Person to receive such notice; (B) if delivered by overnight commercial carrier, one (1) day following the receipt of such communication by such carrier from the sender, as shown on the sender's delivery invoice from such carrier; (C) if mailed, on the date of delivery as shown by the sender's registry or certification receipt; or (D) if given by facsimile or email, when sent if received by the intended recipient of such facsimile or email prior to 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day or on the next Business Day if not received by the recipient of such facsimile prior to 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day.  Any notice or other communication sent by facsimile or email must be confirmed within two (2) Business Days by letter mailed or delivered in accordance with the foregoing to be effective.  Any reference herein to the date of receipt, delivery, or giving, or effective date, as the case may be, of any notice or communication shall refer to the date such communication  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            58 
  58 
  FINAL VERSION 

becomes effective under the terms of this Section 13.04.  Any such notice or other communication so delivered shall be addressed to the party to be served at the address for such party set forth in Section 1.02.  The address for either Member may be changed by giving written notice to the other Member in the manner set forth in this Section 13.04.  Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given shall be deemed to constitute receipt of the notice or other communication sent. 
    
  13.05        Construction of Agreement 
  The Article and Section headings of this Agreement are used herein for reference purposes only and shall not govern, limit, or be used in construing this Agreement or any provision hereof.  Each of the Exhibits attached hereto is incorporated herein by reference and expressly made a part of this Agreement for all purposes.  References to any Exhibit made in this Agreement shall be deemed to include this reference and incorporation.  Where the context so requires, the use of the neuter gender shall include the masculine and feminine genders, the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, the feminine gender shall include the masculine and neuter genders, and the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa.  Each Member acknowledges that (i) each Member is of equal bargaining strength; (ii) each Member has actively participated in the drafting, preparation and negotiation of this Agreement; and (iii) any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not apply in the interpretation of this Agreement, any portion hereof, or any Exhibits attached hereto. 
    
  13.06        Counterparts 
  This Agreement may be executed and delivered in multiple counterparts including by facsimile or .pdf file, each of which shall be deemed an original Agreement, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one (1) and the same Agreement, binding on the parties hereto.  The signature of any party hereto to any counterpart hereof shall be deemed a signature to, and may be appended to, any other counterpart hereof. 
    
  13.07        Attorneys' Fees 
  If any lawsuit, arbitration, mediation or other proceeding is commenced by any Member against any other Member that arises out of, or relates to, this Agreement, then the prevailing Member in such action shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.  Any judgment or order entered in any such action shall contain a specific provision providing for the recovery of all costs and expenses of suit including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and expert witness fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with (i) enforcing, perfecting and executing such judgment; (ii) post-judgment motions; (iii) contempt proceedings; (iv) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third-party examinations; (v) discovery; and (vi) bankruptcy litigation. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            59 
  59 
  FINAL VERSION 

13.08        Approval Standard 
  The consent, approval or determination of any Member required or permitted under this Agreement may be withheld in such party's sole and absolute discretion, unless this Agreement provides that such consent or approval shall not be unreasonably withheld (or another standard is specifically provided for in this Agreement for such matter). 
    
  13.09        Further Acts 
  Each Member covenants, on behalf of such Member and such Member's successors and assigns, to execute, with acknowledgment, verification, or affidavit, if required, any and all documents and writings, and to perform any and all other acts, that may be reasonably necessary or desirable to implement, accomplish, and/or consummate the formation of the Company, the achievement of the Company's purposes, and any other matter contemplated under this Agreement. 
    
  13.10        Preservation of Intent 
  If any provision of this Agreement is determined by any court having jurisdiction to be illegal or in conflict with any laws of any state or jurisdiction, then the Members agree that such provision shall be modified to the extent legally possible so that the intent of this Agreement may be legally carried out.  If any one (1) or more of the provisions contained herein, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect or for any reason, then the validity, legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other respect and of the remaining provisions hereof shall not be in any way impaired or affected, it being intended that the Members' rights and privileges described in this Agreement shall be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
    
  13.11        Waiver 
  No consent or waiver, express or implied, by a party to or of any breach or default by any other party in the performance by such other party of such other party's obligations hereunder shall be deemed or construed to be a consent or waiver to or of any other breach or default in the performance by such other party hereunder.  Failure on the part of a party to complain of any act or failure to act of any other party or to declare any other party in default, irrespective of how long such failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by such non-complaining or non-declaring party of the latter's rights hereunder. 
    
  13.12        Entire Agreement 
  This Agreement, together with the Contribution Agreement, contains the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any and all prior or other contemporaneous understanding, correspondence, negotiations or agreements between them respecting the subject matter hereof. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            60 
  60 
  FINAL VERSION 

13.13        Choice of Law 
  Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of the parties hereto, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to the conflicts of laws and principles thereof).  In furtherance of the foregoing, and pursuant to Section 17708.01(a) of the California Act, all rights, duties, obligations and remedies of the Members shall be governed by the Delaware Act (without giving effect to the conflicts of laws and principals thereof). 
    
  13.14        No Third-Party Beneficiaries 
  Except as otherwise set forth in Section 3.05 and Article X, the provisions of this Agreement are not intended to be for the benefit of, or enforceable by, any third party and shall not give rise to a right on the part of any third party (i) to enforce or demand enforcement of a Member's obligation to contribute capital, obligation to return distributions, or obligation to make other payments to the Company as set forth in this Agreement, or (ii) to demand that the Company, the Administrative Member or the other Member obtain financing or issue any capital call. 
    
  13.15        Successors and Assigns 
  Subject to the restrictions set forth in Article VI and Section 9.04, this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall bind the parties hereto and their respective personal representatives, successors, and assigns. 
    
  13.16        No Usury 
  Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the rate of interest charged by the Company or by any Member (and/or any Affiliate thereof) in connection with any obligation under this Agreement shall not exceed the maximum rate permitted by applicable law.  To the extent that any interest charged by the Company or by any Member (and/or Affiliate thereof) shall have been finally adjudicated to exceed the maximum amount permitted by applicable law, such interest shall be retroactively deemed to have been a required repayment of principal (and any such amount paid in excess of the outstanding principal amount shall be promptly returned to the payor).  In furtherance of the foregoing, the Members acknowledge and agree that pursuant to the Delaware Act, no obligation of a Member to the Company shall be subject to the defense of usury, and no Member shall impose the defense of usury with respect to any such obligation in any action. 
    
  13.17        Venue 
  If any litigation, claim or lawsuit directly or indirectly arising out of this Agreement is not required to be resolved in accordance with the JAMS procedures provided for under Section 13.18, then each Member hereby irrevocably consents to the maximum extent allowed by law to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California and to the exclusive venue of (i) the Eastern District of California for any federal action or proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement, and (ii) the Superior Court of California located in Kern County, California for any state action or proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            61 
  61 
  FINAL VERSION 

13.18        Dispute Resolution 
  Any action to resolve any controversy or claim arising out of, or related to in any way to, this Agreement (exclusive of any impasse on any Major Decision) or the Contribution Agreement, including, without limitation, any alleged breach of this Agreement or the Contribution Agreement and any claim based upon any tort theory, however characterized shall be resolved through a binding arbitration before an arbitrator in accordance with the terms of this Section 13.18. 
    
  (a)            Binding Arbitration  .  Any Member desiring to bring any action under this Agreement or the Contribution Agreement shall give written notice to the other Member (the "  Arbitration Notice  "), which notice shall state with particularity the nature of the dispute and the demand for relief, making specific reference by Section and title, if applicable, of the provisions of this Agreement or the Contribution Agreement pertaining to the dispute.  This arbitration provision and its validity, construction, and performance shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (the "  FAA  ") and cases decided thereunder and, to the extent relevant, the laws of the State of California.  Further, the terms and procedures governing the enforcement of this Section 13.18 shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the FAA, and not individual state laws regarding enforcement of arbitration agreements. 
    
  (b)        Selection of Arbitrator  .  The Members shall endeavor to agree, within thirty (30) days of the Arbitration Notice, upon a mutually acceptable arbitrator to resolve the dispute.  The arbitrator shall be a single former judge of the Superior Court or the Court of Appeal of the State of California or a member in good standing with the California State Bar currently employed by or associated with the office of JAMS/ENDISPUTE ("  JAMS  ") located in Los Angeles, California.  The arbitrator shall have no direct or indirect social, political or business relationship of any sort with either of the Members, their respective legal counsel, or any other Person materially involved with the Project.  If the Members cannot agree upon the arbitrator within such thirty (30)-day period, then JAMS, in its sole discretion, shall provide a list of three (3) arbitrators with the qualifications set forth above.  Within ten (10) days of JAMS providing the above-described list, each Member shall be entitled to strike one (1) name from the list and so notify JAMS.  JAMS, in its sole discretion, thereafter shall select as arbitrator any one (1) of the persons remaining on the list, and the person so selected shall thereafter serve as arbitrator.  If for any reason JAMS is unable or unwilling to make such an appointment, then any Member may apply to the Superior Court of the State of California in and for the County of Los Angeles for appointment of any former judge of the Superior Court or the Court of Appeal of the State of California to serve as arbitrator.  The appointment of an arbitrator, whether by JAMS or by the Superior Court pursuant to the foregoing, shall be made, and the arbitrator shall serve, without further objection from any Member, except on the ground of conflict of interest, if any, pursuant to the same rules that would apply if the arbitrator was serving as an active member of the Superior Court or Court of Appeal. 
    
  (c)            Location of Proceeding  .  The proceeding shall take place at a City of Los Angeles office of JAMS and shall be conducted pursuant to the provisions of JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules   Procedures in effect on the date of the Arbitration Notice (the "  Rules  "); provided that in all events the rules of evidence in such proceeding shall be governed by the California Evidence Code.  Discovery between the parties prior to the arbitration hearing shall be limited to the mutual exchange of relevant  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            62 
  62 
  FINAL VERSION 

documents.  Interrogatories and request for admissions shall not be allowed under any circumstance.  Depositions of witnesses shall not be permitted, unless it is shown that the witness will be otherwise unavailable and it is necessary to preserve his or her testimony for the hearing.  The arbitrator shall have the authority set forth in Section 1282.6 of the California Code of Civil Procedure to issue subpoenas requiring the attendance at the hearing of witnesses, and to issue subpoenas duces tecum for the production at the hearing of books, records, documents and other evidence. 
    
  (d)        Resolution Dispute  .  In resolving the dispute, the arbitrator shall apply Delaware law to the matter being considered under this Agreement.  In resolving the dispute, the arbitrator shall apply the pertinent provisions of this Agreement without departure therefrom in any respect, and the arbitrator shall not have the power to change any of the provisions of the Agreement.  The arbitrator shall try all of the issues including, without limitation, any issues that may be raised concerning whether the dispute is subject to the provisions of this Section 13.18 and any and all other issues, whether of fact or of law, and shall hear and decide all motions and matters of any kind.  The arbitrator shall not be required to prepare a written statement of decision as to any interlocutory decision, but at the conclusion of the arbitration shall prepare a written statement of decision thereon which shall be final and binding upon the parties, and upon which judgment may be entered in accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  Any interlocutory decisions by the arbitrator likewise shall be final and binding, except that the arbitrator shall have the power to reconsider such decisions for good cause shown.  The Members shall not have the right to appeal the arbitration award consistent with the JAMS Optional Arbitration Appeal Procedure in effect at the time or any similar successor rules.  The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the parties and judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  Subject to the limitations in this Section 13.18, the arbitrator shall have the authority to grant any equitable and legal remedies that would be available in a judicial proceeding.  The arbitrator may award interim and final injunctive relief and other remedies, but may not award punitive, exemplary, treble, or other enhanced damages.  The arbitrator shall have no power or authority to issue any award or determination that would amend or modify this Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party shall be permitted to seek a temporary restraining order, or injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction with regard to any controversy, dispute, or claim between them relating to or arising out of this Agreement, a breach of this Agreement, or the termination of the Administrative Member, where such relief is appropriate; provided that other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 13.18.  Each Member shall use reasonable efforts to expedite the arbitration process, and each Member shall have the right to be represented by counsel. 
    
  (e)            Award of Fees  .  Subject to the obligation of the arbitrator to award such fees and expenses to the prevailing party as provided above, until the arbitrator issues his or her final statement of decision, each Member shall pay the fees and expenses of its attorneys and experts in connection with the adjudication and one-half of the fees and expenses of the arbitrator; provided, however, that the arbitrator shall have the same power as a judge pursuant to the California Code of Civil Procedure to award sanctions with reference to interlocutory matters.  Each Member shall bear an equal (pro rata) share of any arbitration costs, including any administrative or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or JAMS. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            63 
  63 
  FINAL VERSION 

(f)            Waiver of Jury Trial  .  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH MEMBER HEREBY WAIVES EACH SUCH MEMBER'S RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE COMPANY, THIS AGREEMENT, THE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY MEMBER AGAINST THE OTHER MEMBER, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE.  EACH MEMBER AGREES THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY AN ARBITRATOR AS PROVIDED ABOVE BUT THIS WAIVER SHALL BE EFFECTIVE EVEN IF, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION CANNOT BE TRIED BY SUCH ARBITRATOR.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EACH MEMBER FURTHER AGREES THAT EACH SUCH MEMBER'S RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW BY OPERATION OF THE FOREGOING AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF.  THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT. 
    
                 ____/s/ HM, /s/ AL____      INITIALS OF TEJON 
    ____/s/ BT, /s/ TS, /s/ ER____      INITIALS OF TEJON 

(g)        Survivability  .  The provisions of this Section 13.18 shall survive the withdrawal of any Member from the Company and the dissolution and liquidation of the Company. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            64 
  64 
  FINAL VERSION 

13.19        Timing 
  All dates and times specified in this Agreement are of the essence and shall be strictly enforced. 

13.20        Remedies for Breach of this Agreement 
  Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the remedies set forth in this Agreement are cumulative and shall not exclude any other remedies to which a Person may be lawfully entitled. 
    
  13.21        Survivability of Representations and Warranties 
  All representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement including, without limitation, the indemnities contained in Sections 7.10, 8.09, 9.03, 9.05 and 10.02(b) shall survive the execution of this Agreement, the formation of the Company, the withdrawal of any Member and the liquidation of the Company. 
    
  13.22        Reasonableness of Rights and Remedies 
  THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, SECTION 3.03 AND ARTICLES VII AND VIII) ARE A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR EACH MEMBER TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE MEMBERS WOULD NOT HAVE AGREED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BUT FOR THE AGREEMENT OF EACH MEMBER TO BE BOUND BY SUCH REMEDIES.  EACH MEMBER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING REMEDIES ARE FAIR AND REASONABLE AND HAVE BEEN ENTERED INTO WITH THE INFORMED CONSENT OF EACH MEMBER.  EACH MEMBER FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT WOULD BE IMPRACTICABLE AND EXTREMELY DIFFICULT TO ESTIMATE THE DAMAGES WHICH THE COMPANY AND THE NON DEFAULTING MEMBER MAY SUFFER IN CONNECTION WITH THE OCCURRENCE OF ANY OF THE DEFAULTS DESCRIBED ABOVE.  THEREFORE, EACH MEMBER AGREES THAT THE REMEDIES SET FORTH ABOVE REASONABLY AND FAIRLY REFLECT THE DETRIMENT THAT THE COMPANY AND THE NON DEFAULTING MEMBER WOULD SUFFER IN SUCH EVENT AND, IN LIGHT OF THE DIFFICULTY IN DETERMINING ACTUAL DAMAGES, REPRESENT A PRIOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE MEMBERS AS TO APPROPRIATE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES.  EACH MEMBER ALSO AGREES THAT THE REMEDIES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE NOT INTENDED AS A FORFEITURE OR PENALTY UNDER DELAWARE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE STATE LAW.  EACH MEMBER FURTHER COVENANTS NOT TO CONTEST THE VALIDITY OF THE REMEDIES SET FORTH ABOVE AS A PENALTY, FORFEITURE OR OTHERWISE IN ANY COURT OF LAW (AND/OR IN ANY ARBITRATION OR MEDIATION). 
    
  13.23        Force Majeure 
  The time period for each Member to perform any obligation under this Agreement shall be extended for the time period such Member (the "  Obligated Member  ") is unable to perform such obligation as a result of any Force Majeure Delay.  The term "  Force Majeure Delay  " means any delay as a result of war, national emergency, strikes (other than strikes or labor disturbances limited in scope to primarily the  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            65 
  65 
  FINAL VERSION 

employees of the Obligated Member or any Affiliate thereof), riot or civil unrest, utility failure, acts of God (excluding inclement weather) or other events totally outside the control of the Obligated Member or any Affiliate thereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Force Majeure Delay shall be deemed to exist as a result of (i) the Obligated Member's lack of funds (other than a temporary lack of funds resulting from any event totally outside the control of the Obligated Member described in the preceding sentence), or (ii) any delay solely caused by any act or omission of the Obligated Member or any Affiliate thereof, and in any event, the length of any Force Majeure Delay shall be reduced by (A) the time period that elapses after the tenth Business Day following the initial cause of the delay through the date the Obligated Member notifies the other Member in writing of the delay and the reason for the delay (if the Obligated Member has previously failed to provide such notice to the other Member on or before the tenth Business Day following the initial cause of the delay), or (B) the length of any delay caused by the Obligated Member's failure to promptly exercise and continue to exercise reasonable commercial efforts to remove or overcome such delay.  All other delays from acts or events are explicitly excluded from Force Majeure Delays and shall not extend the time period for any Member to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement. 
    
  ARTICLE XIV 
  DEFINITIONS 
    
  14.01        Accountant's Notice 
  The term "  Accountant's Notice  " is defined in Section 7.03. 
    
  14.02        Accounting Firm 
  The term "  Accounting Firm  " means Ernst   Young or such other accounting firm as selected by the Executive Committee. 
    
  14.03        Actual Knowledge of Majestic 
  The term "  Actual Knowledge of Majestic  " is defined in Section 9.02. 
    
  14.04        Actual Knowledge of Tejon 
  The term "  Actual Knowledge of Tejon  " is defined in Section 9.01. 
    
  14.05        Adjusted Accountant's Notice 
  The term "  Adjusted Accountant's     Notice  " is defined in Section 7.05. 
    
  14.06        Adjusted Capital Account 
  The term "  Adjusted Capital Account  " means, with respect to each Member as of the end of each Fiscal Year of the Company, such Member's Capital Account (i) reduced by any anticipated allocations, adjustments and distributions described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4)-(6), and (ii) increased by the amount of any deficit in such Member's Capital Account that such Member is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5) or under Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) of the Treasury Regulations at the end of such Fiscal Year. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            66 
  66 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.07        Adjusted Price Determination Notice 
  The term "  Adjusted Price Determination Notice  " is defined in Section 8.05. 
    
  14.08        Administrative Member 
  The term "  Administrative Member  " is defined in Section 2.03. 
    
  14.09        Affiliate 
  The term "  Affiliate  " means any Person which, directly or indirectly through one (1) or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with another Person.  The term "control" as used herein (including the terms "controlling," "controlled by," and "under common control with") means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to (i) vote more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting securities of such Person, or (ii) otherwise direct management policies of such Person by contract or otherwise. 
    
  14.10        Affiliate Agreements 
  The term "  Affiliate Agreements  " is defined in Section 2.15. 
    
  14.11        Affiliated Member 
  The term "  Affiliated Member  " is defined in Section 2.15. 
    
  14.12        Affiliated Parties 
  The term "  Affiliated Parties  " is defined in Section 9.05. 
    
  14.13        Agreed Value 
  The term "  Agreed Value  " is defined in Section 3.01(b)(i). 
    
  14.14        Agreement 
  The term "  Agreement  " means this Limited Liability Company Agreement of TRC MRC 1, LLC. 
    
  14.15        Applicable ABP Date 
  The term "  Applicable ABP Date  " is defined in Section 2.07. 
    
  14.16        Applicable Construction Costs 
  The term "  Applicable Construction Costs  " is defined in Section 2.10. 
    
  14.17        Appraised Value 
  The term "  Appraised Value  " is defined in Section 7.03(a). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            67 
  67 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.18        Approved Business Plan 
  The term "  Approved Business Plan  " is defined in Section 2.07. 
    
  14.19        Arbitration Notice 
  The term "  Arbitration Notice  " is defined in Section 13.18(a). 
    
  14.20        Book Basis 
  The term "  Book Basis  " means, with respect to any asset of the Company, the Gross Asset Value (as determined under this Agreement).  The Book Basis of all assets of the Company shall be adjusted thereafter by depreciation as provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) and any other adjustment to the basis of such assets other than depreciation or amortization. 
    
  14.2        Brown 
  The term "  Brown  " is defined in Section 9.01(k). 
    
  14.21        Business Day 
  The term "  Business Day  " means any day other than Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks in California are authorized or required to close under the laws of such state or the United States. 
    
  14.22        Business Plan Period 
  The term "  Business Plan Period  " means the twelve (12)-month period ending December 31 of each year; provided that the initial Business Plan Period shall be the period beginning on the Contribution Date and ending on the estimated Project Stabilization Date; the second Business Plan Period shall be the period beginning on the day after the Project Stabilization Date and ending on the subsequent December 31; and the last Business Plan Period shall end on the date the final liquidation and termination of the Company is completed. 
    
  14.23        California Act 
  The term "  California Act  " means the California Revised Uniform Limited Liability Company Act as set forth in Title 2.6, Chapter 1   et seq  . of the California Corporations Code, as hereafter amended from time to time. 
    
  14.24        Capital Account 
  The term "  Capital Account  " means with respect to each Member, the amount of money contributed by such Member to the capital of the Company,   increased   by the aggregate fair market value at the time of contribution (as determined by the Executive Committee) of all property contributed by such Member to the capital of the Company (net of liabilities secured by such contributed property that the Company is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the Code), the aggregate amount of all Net Profits allocated to such Member, and any and all items of gross income and gain specially allocated to such Member pursuant to Sections 4.03 and 4.04, and   decreased   by the amount of money distributed to such Member by the Company (exclusive of any guaranteed payment within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code paid to such Member), the aggregate fair market value at the time of distribution (as determined by the Executive Committee) of all property distributed to such Member by the Company (net of liabilities secured by such distributed property that such Member is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the Code), the amount of any Net Losses allocated to such Member, and any and all losses and deductions, including, without limitation, any and all partnership and/or partner "nonrecourse deductions" specially allocated to such Member pursuant to Sections 4.03 and 4.04.  The foregoing Capital Account definition and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            68 
  68 
  FINAL VERSION 

Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2 and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Regulations. 
    
  14.25        Capital Call Notice 
  The term "  Capital Call Notice  " is defined in Section 3.02. 
    
  14.26        Cash Flow 
  The term "  Cash Flow  " means the excess, if any, of all cash receipts of the Company as of any applicable determination date in excess of the sum of (i) all cash disbursements (inclusive of any guaranteed payment within the meaning of Section 707(c) of the Code paid to any Member and any reimbursements made to any Member, but exclusive of distributions to the Members in their capacities as such) of the Company prior to that date, and (ii) any reserve, reasonably determined by Administrative Member, for anticipated cash disbursements, including debt service, that will have to be made before additional cash receipts from third parties will provide the funds therefor. 
    
  14.27        Certificates 
  The term "  Certificates  " is defined in Section 3.03(a). 
    
  14.28        Code 
  The term "  Code  " means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as heretofore and hereafter amended from time to time (and/or any corresponding provision of any superseding revenue law). 
    
  14.29        Commerce 
  The term "  Commerce  " is defined in Section 2.04(f). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            69 
  69 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.30        Company 
  The term "  Company  " means the limited liability company created pursuant to this Agreement and the filing of the Certificate of Formation for the Company with the Office of the Delaware Secretary of State in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Act. 
  14.31        Competing Member 
  The term "  Competing Member  " is defined in Section 10.05(a). 
    
  14.32        Construction Contract 
  The term "  Construction Contract  " is defined in Section 2.10. 
    
  14.33        Construction Loan 
  The term "  Construction Loan  " is defined in Section 3.04. 
    
  14.34        Consultants 
  The term "  Consultants  " is defined in Section 2.11. 
    
  14.35        Contributing Member 
  The term "  Contributing Member  " is defined in Section 3.03. 
    
  14.36        Contributing Party 
  The term "  Contributing Party  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.37        Contribution Agreement 
  The term "  Contribution     Agreement  " is defined in Section 2.07. 
    
  14.38        Contribution Date 
  The term "  Contribution Date  " is defined in Section 3.02. 
    
  14.39        Covered Persons 
  The term "  Covered Persons  " is defined in Section 10.02(a). 
    
  14.40        Default Events 
  The term "  Default Events  " is defined in Section 7.01. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            70 
  70 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.41        Default Loan 
  The term "  Default Loan  " is defined in Section 3.03(a). 
    
  14.42        Default Notice 
  The term "  Default Notice  " is defined in Section 7.02. 
    
  14.43        Defaulting Member 
  The term "  Defaulting Member  " is defined in Section 7.01. 
    
  14.44        Defaulting Member's Purchase Price 
  The term "  Defaulting Member's Purchase Price  " is defined in Section 7.03. 
    
  14.45        Delaware Act 
  The term "  Delaware Act  " means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (6 Del. C.   18-101,   et     seq  .), as hereafter amended from time to time. 
    
  14.46        Delinquent Contribution 
  The term "  Delinquent Contribution  " is defined in Section 3.03. 
    
  14.47        Deposit 
  The term "  Deposit  " is defined in Section 8.04. 
    
  14.48        Design-Builder 
  The term "  Design-Builder  " is defined in Section 2.10. 
    
  14.49        Development Budget 
  The term "  Development Budget  " is defined in Section 2.08. 
    
  14.50        Development Fee 
  The term "  Development Fee  " is defined in Section 2.11. 
    
  14.51        Development Plan 
  The term "  Development Plan  " is defined in Section 2.08. 
    
  14.52        Dilution Percentage 
  The term "  Dilution Percentage  " is defined in Section 3.03(b). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            71 
  71 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.53        Effective Date 
  The term "  Effective Date  " is defined in the Preamble. 
    
  14.54        Electing Member 
  The term "  Electing Member  " is defined in Section 8.01. 
    
  14.55        Election Notice 
  The term "  Election Notice  " is defined in Section 8.01. 
    
  14.56        Enforceability Exceptions 
  The term "  Enforceability Exceptions  " is defined in Section 9.01(c). 
    
  14.57        Executive Committee 
  The term "  Executive Committee  " is defined in Section 2.01(a). 
    
  14.58        FAA 
  The term "  FAA  " is defined in Section 13.18(a). 
    
  14.59        Fiscal Year 
  The term "  Fiscal Year  " means the twelve (12)-month period ending December 31 of each year; provided that the initial Fiscal Year shall be the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31, 2016, and the last Fiscal Year shall be the period beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which the final liquidation and termination of the Company is completed and ending on the date such final liquidation and termination is completed.  To the extent any computation or other provision hereof provides for an action to be taken on a Fiscal Year basis, an appropriate proration or other adjustment shall be made in respect of the initial and final Fiscal Years to reflect that such periods are less than full calendar year periods. 
    
  14.60        Force Majeure Delay 
  The term "  Force Majeure Delay  " is defined in Section 13.23. 
    
  14.61        Gross Asset Value 
  The term "  Gross Asset Value  " means, in respect to any asset of the Company, the asset's adjusted tax basis for federal income tax purposes; provided, however, that (i) the Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed or deemed contributed by a Member to the Company or distributed to a Member by the Company shall be the gross fair market value of such asset (without taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code), as determined by the Executive Committee; (ii) the Gross Asset Values of all Company assets may be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair market values (without taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code), as determined by the Executive Committee, upon the termination of the Company for federal income tax purposes pursuant to Section 708(b)(1)(B) of the Code; and (iii) the Gross Asset Values of all Company assets may be adjusted, by the Executive Committee, to equal their respective gross fair market values (taking into account Section 7701(g) of the Code), as reasonably determined by the Executive Committee, as of (A) the date of the acquisition of an additional interest in the Company by any new or existing member in exchange for more than a de minimis contribution to the capital of the Company, or (B) upon the Liquidation of the Company or the distribution by the Company to a retiring or continuing member of more than a   de     minimis   amount of money or other Company property in reduction of such Member's Interest.  Any adjustments made to the Gross Asset Value of Company assets pursuant to the foregoing provisions shall be reflected in the Members' Capital Account balances in the manner set forth in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704 1(b) and 1.704 2. 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            72 
  72 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.62        Guarantor(s) 
  The terms "  Guarantor  " and     "  Guarantors  " are defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.63        Hypothetical Distribution 
  The term "  Hypothetical Distribution  " means, with respect to each Member and any Fiscal Year, the amount that would be received by such Member (or, in certain cases, reduced as appropriate by the amount such Member would be obligated to pay) if all Company assets were sold for cash equal to their Book Basis, all Company liabilities were satisfied to the extent required by their terms (limited, with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Book Basis of the assets securing each such liability), and the net assets of the Company were distributed in full to the Members pursuant to Section 5.01. 
    
  14.64        Impasse Event 
  The term "  Impasse Event  " is defined in Section 2.02(k). 
    
  14.65        Improvements 
  The term "  Improvements  " is defined in Section 1.03. 
    
  14.66        Interest 
  The term "  Interest  " means with respect to each Member, all of such Member's right, title and interest in and to the Net Profits, Net Losses, Cash Flow, distributions and capital of the Company, and any and all other interests therein in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
    
  14.67        JAMS 
  The term "  JAMS  " is defined in Section 13.18(b). 
    
  14.68        Just Cause Event 
  The term "  Just Cause Event  " is defined in Section 2.16(c). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            73 
  73 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.69        Lender(s) 
  The terms "  Lender  " and "  Lenders  " are defined in Section 3.04. 
    
  14.70        Liquidation 
  The term "  Liquidation  " means, (i) with respect to the Company the earlier of the date upon which the Company is terminated under Section 708(b)(1) of the Code or the date upon which the Company ceases to be a going concern (even though it may continue in existence for the purpose of winding up its affairs, paying its debts and distributing any remaining balance to its Members), and (ii) with respect to a Member wherein the Company is not in Liquidation, means the liquidation of a Member's interest in the Company under Treasury Regulation Section 1.761-1(d). 
    
  14.71        Loans 
  The term "  Loans  " is defined in Section 3.04. 
    
  14.72        Lockout Date 
  The term "  Lockout Date  " is defined in Section 8.01. 
    
  14.73        Losses 
  The term "  Losses  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.74        Lyda 
  The term "  Lyda  " is defined in Section 2.01(b). 
    
  14.75        Majestic 
  The term "  Majestic  " is defined in the Preamble. 
    
  14.76        Majestic Group 
  The term "  Majestic Group  " is defined in the Section 6.02(e). 
    
  14.77        Major Decisions 
  The term "  Major Decisions  " is defined in Section 2.04. 
    
  14.78        Marketing Plan 
  The term "  Marketing Plan  " is defined in Section 2.13. 
    
  14.79        Master Developer Work 
  The term "  Master Developer Work  " is defined in Section 2.12. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            74 
  74 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.80        McMahon 
  The term "  McMahon  " is defined in Section 2.01(b). 
    
  14.81        Member(s) 
  The term "  Members  " means Tejon and Majestic, collectively; the term "  Member  " means either one (1) of the Members. 
    
  14.82        MRC 
  The term "  MRC  " is defined in Section 6.02(c). 
    
  14.83        Net Profits and Net Losses 
  The terms "  Net Profits  " and "  Net Losses  " mean, for each Fiscal Year or other period, an amount equal to the Company's taxable income or loss, as the case may be, for such year or period, determined in accordance with Section 703(a) of the Code (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss and deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Section 703(a)(1) of the Code shall be included in taxable income or loss); provided, however, for purposes of computing such taxable income or loss, (i) such taxable income or loss shall be adjusted by any and all adjustments required to be made in order to maintain Capital Account balances in compliance with Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b), and (ii) any and all items of gross income, gain, loss and/or deductions, including, without limitation, any and all partnership and/or partner "nonrecourse deductions" specially allocated to any Member pursuant to Sections 4.03 and 4.04 shall not be taken into account in calculating such taxable income or loss. 
    
  14.84        Non-Competing Member 
  The term "  Non-Competing Member  " is defined in Section 10.05(a). 
    
  14.85        Non-Contributing Member 
  The term "  Non-Contributing Member  " is defined in Section 3.03. 
    
  14.86        Non-Contributing Party 
  The term "  Non-Contributing Party  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.87        Non-Defaulting Member 
  The term "  Non-Defaulting Member  " is defined in Section 7.01. 
    
  14.88        Non-Electing Member 
  The term "  Non-Electing Member  " is defined in Section 8.01. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            75 
  75 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.89        Nonrecourse Documents 
  The term "  Nonrecourse Documents  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.90        Nonrecourse Parties 
  The term "  Nonrecourse Parties  " is defined in Section 10.03. 
    
  14.91        Obligated Member 
  The term "  Obligated Member  " is defined in Section 13.23. 
    
  14.92        OFAC 
  The term "  OFAC  " is defined in Section 9.01(h). 
    
  14.93        Officers 
  The term "  Officers  " is defined in Section 2.17(a). 
    
  14.94        Operating Budget 
  The term "  Operating Budget  " is defined in Section 2.09. 
    
  14.95        Partially Adjusted Capital Account 
  The term "  Partially Adjusted Capital Account  " means, with respect to each Member and taxable year, the Capital Account of such Member at the beginning of such taxable year, adjusted as set forth in the definition of "Capital Account" for all contributions and distributions during such year and all special allocations pursuant to Sections 4.03 and 4.04, but before giving effect to any allocation to Net Profits or Net Losses for such taxable year pursuant to Section 4.01 or 4.02. 
    
  14.96        Percentage Interest 
  The term "  Percentage Interest  " means, with respect to each Member, the percentage set forth opposite such Member's name on   Exhibit "A"   attached hereto under the column labeled "Percentage Interest," subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 3.03(b). 
    
  14.97        Permanent Loan 
  The term "  Permanent Loan  " is defined in Section 3.04. 
    
  14.98        Permitted Transferees 
  The term "  Permitted Transferees  " is defined in Section 6.02. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            76 
  76 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.99        Person 
  The term "  Person  " means a natural person, partnership (whether general or limited), limited liability company, trust, estate, association, corporation, custodian, nominee, or any other individual or entity, in its own or any representative capacity. 
    
  14.100        Pre-Development Budget 
  The term "  Pre-Development Budget  " is defined in Section 2.06. 
    
  14. 101      Price Determination Notice 
  The term "  Price Determination Notice  " is defined in Section 8.02. 
    
  14.102        Pro Rata Share 
  The term "  Pro Rata Share  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.103        Project 
  The term "  Project  " is defined in Section 1.03. 
    
  14.104        Project Stabilization Date 
  The term "  Project Stabilization Date  " means the first date that the Company has under lease and occupancy by tenants at least ninety-five percent (95%) of the space available for lease in the Project. 
    
  14.105        Property 
  The term "  Property  " is defined in Section 1.03. 
    
  14.106        Property Management Fee 
  The term "  Property Management Fee  " is defined in Section 2.14. 
    
  14.10        Property Material   Rights 
  The term "  Property Material   Rights  " is defined in Section 12.03. 
    
  14.107        Purchase Notice 
  The term "  Purchase Notice  " is defined in Section 8.03. 
    
  14.108        Purchase Price 
  The term "  Purchase Price  " is defined in Section 8.02. 
    
  14.109        Quorum 
  The term "  Quorum  " is defined in Section 2.02(a). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            77 
  77 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.110        Real Estate Assets 
  The term "  Real Estate Assets  " is defined in the Section 6.02(d). 
    
  14.111        Recourse Documents 
  The term "  Recourse Documents  " is defined in Section 3.05. 
    
  14.112        Regulatory Allocations 
  The term "  Regulatory Allocations  " is defined in Section 4.04. 
    
  14.113        Removal Notice 
  The term "  Removal Notice  " is defined in Section 2.16(c). 
    
  14.114        Representative(s) 
  The terms "  Representative  " and "  Representatives  " are defined in Section 2.01(b). 
    
  14.115        Response Period 
  The term "  Response Period  " is defined in Section 2.05. 
    
  14.116        Roski 
  The term "  Roski  " is defined in Section 6.02(c). 
    
  14.117      Roski Family 
  The term "  Roski Family  " is defined in Section 6.02(c). 
    
  14.118        Rules 
  The term "  Rules  " is defined in Section 13.18(c). 
    
  14.119        Securities Acts 
  The term "  Securities Acts  " is defined in Section 9.04(a)(i). 
    
  14.120        Shortfall 
  The term "  Shortfall  " is defined in Section 3.02. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            78 
  78 
  FINAL VERSION 

14.121        Stated Value 
  The term "  Stated Value  " is defined in Section 8.01. 
    
  14.122        Substantial Completion Date 
  The term "  Substantial Completion Date  " means the date that a temporary certificate of occupancy (or its equivalent) is issued for the occupancy of the Project (excepting therefrom all tenant improvements), pursuant to which the local governing authority generally acknowledges that the Project and its construction is complete and available for occupancy for its intended use. 
    
  14.123        Target Capital Account 
  The term "  Target Capital Account  " means, with respect to each Member and any taxable year, an amount (which may be either a positive or a deficit balance) equal to the Hypothetical Distribution such Member would receive (or, in certain cases, reduced as appropriate by the amount such Member would be required to pay), minus the Member's share of Company minimum gain determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(g), and minus the Member's share of partner minimum gain determined in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704 2(i)(5), all computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale described in the definition of "Hypothetical Distribution." 
    
  14.124        Tejon 
  The term "  Tejon  " is defined in the Preamble. 
    
  14.125        Tejon Group 
  The term "  Tejon Group  " is defined in the Section 6.02(d). 
    
  14.126        Transfer 
  The term "  Transfer  " is defined in Section 6.01. 
    
  14.128        Treasury Regulation 
  The term "  Treasury Regulation  " means any proposed, temporary and/or final federal income tax regulation promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury as heretofore and hereafter amended from time to time (and/or any corresponding provisions of any superseding revenue law and/or regulation). 
    
  14.129        Unreturned Contribution Account 
  The term "  Unreturned Contribution Account  " means a separate account to be maintained by the Company for each Member that will be credited by the Agreed Value of the Property (in the case of Tejon), the agreed value of any other property contributed by such Member, and the amount of money contributed (or deemed contributed) by such Member to the capital of the Company and credited to such account pursuant to Sections 3.01(a), 3.01(b)(i), 3.01(b)(ii), 3.02, 3.03(a) or 3.03(b), and decreased by the amount of money distributed (or deemed distributed) by the Company to such Member pursuant to Sections 3.01(b)(ii), 3.03(a), 3.03(b) or 5.01(a), and the fair market value at the time of distribution (as determined by the Executive Committee) of any property distributed to such Member by the Company (net of any liabilities secured by such distributed property that such Member is considered to assume or take subject to under Section 752 of the Code) pursuant to Section 5.01(a). 
    
  [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            79 
  79 
  FINAL VERSION 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement effective as of the day and year first above written. 
           "  Tejon  " 
    TEJON INDUSTRIAL CORP.,    a California corporation 
              By: 
    /s/ Hugh F. McMahon IV       
     Name:     Hugh F. McMahon IV       
  Its:     Executive Vice President - Commercial and Industrial Real Estate       

By: 
    /s/ Allen E. Lyda       
     Name:     Allen E. Lyda       
  Its:     Executive Vice President - CFO       
    
           "  Majestic  " 
    MAJESTIC TEJON I, LLC,    a Delaware limited liability company 
              By: 
    Majestic Realty Co.,    a California corporation    Its: Manager 
       
           By: 
    /s/ EDWARD P. ROSKI, JR.       
     Name:     EDWARD P. ROSKI, JR.       
  Its:     President and Chairman of the Board       

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16                                                            80 
  80 
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "A" 
  NAMES, ADDRESSES, PERCENTAGE INTERESTS AND      INITIAL CASH CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE MEMBERS 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  A  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "B" 
  LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROPERTY 
  THE LAND REFERRED TO HEREIN BELOW IS SITUATED IN THE UNINCORPORATED AREA OF THE COUNTY OF KERN, STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND IS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
    
  BEING A PORTION OF PARCEL 31 OF PARCEL MAP NO. 9974 FILED FOR RECORD ON NOVEMBER 24, 1993 IN PARCEL MAP BOOK 46, PAGES 4 THROUGH 37 (INCLUSIVE), IN THE OFFICE OF THE KERN COUNTY RECORDER; ALSO BEING A PORTION OF THE NORTH HALF OF SECTION 31, TOWNSHIP 11 NORTH, RANGE 19 WEST, S.B.M., IN THE UNINCORPORATED AREA OF THE COUNTY OF KERN, STATE  OF CALIFORNIA, DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: 
    
  COMMENCING AT THE NORTH QUARTER CORNER OF SAID SECTION 31; THENCE SOUTH 79 03 48  EAST, A DISTANCE OF 129.65 FEET TO THE WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF WHEELER RIDGE ROAD AS DESCRIBED IN THAT CERTAIN RELINQUISHMENT OF HIGHWAY RIGHT-OF-WAY RECORDED JANUARY 7, 1965 IN BOOK 3802, PAGE 296 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS OF SAID COUNTY RECORDER; THENCE SOUTH 04 07'28  EAST, ALONG SAID WESTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 2,579.29 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING; THENCE CONTINUING SOUTH 04 07'28  EAST, ALONG SAID WESTERLY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 824.60 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EAST-WEST MID-SECTION LINE OF SAID SECTION 31; THENCE LEAVING SAID WESTERLY LINE, NORTH 84 01'30  WEST, ALONG SAID MID-SECTION LINE, A DISTANCE OF 427.10 FEET TO THE CENTER OF SAID SECTION; THENCE CONTINUING ALONG SAID MID-SECTION LINE, NORTH 84 01'09" WEST, A DISTANCE OF 969.37 FEET TO A POINT ON THE EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE OF STATE ROUTE VI-KER-5 AS DESCRIBED IN THE FINAL ORDER OF CONDEMNATION RECORDED MAY 4, 1962 IN BOOK 3493, PAGE 99 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS OF SAID COUNTY; THENCE NORTH 14 29'54" WEST, ALONG SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, A DISTANCE OF 897.16 FEET; THENCE LEAVING SAID EASTERLY RIGHT-OF-WAY LINE, SOUTH 82 58'20" EAST, A DISTANCE OF 1,565.93 FEET TO THE POINT OF BEGINNING. 
    
  EXCEPTING THEREFROM (I) ALL OIL, GAS AND OTHER HYDROCARBON SUBSTANCES, ALL GOLD, SILVER, PRECIOUS AND SEMI-PRECIOUS METALS, STONES AND OTHER SIMILAR MINERALS, ALL SAND, GRAVEL, ROCK, CONCRETE AGGREGATE AND OTHER SIMILAR MATERIALS, AND ALL OTHER HYDROCARBONS, MINERALS OR MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS THEREOF, OF WHATEVER KIND OR CHARACTER (COLLECTIVELY "MINERALS ), WHETHER NOW KNOWN TO EXIST OR HEREAFTER DISCOVERED (IT BEING INTENDED THAT THE WORD "MINERALS" AS USED HEREIN SHALL BE DEFINED IN THE BROADEST SENSE OF THE WORD AND SHALL INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL HYDROCARBONS, MINERALS OR MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS THEREOF, METALLIC AND NONMETALLIC, SOLID, LIQUID OR GASEOUS), WHICH ARE UPON, IN, UNDER OR MAY BE PRODUCED FROM THE PROPERTY; (II) ALL SALT WATER WHICH IS IN, UNDER OR MAY BE PRODUCED FROM THE PROPERTY; (III) THE EXCLUSIVE RIGHT, BY WHATEVER METHODS NOW OR HEREAFTER KNOWN, AS GRANTOR, OR ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, MAY DEEM ADVISABLE, TO PROSPECT FOR, INVESTIGATE FOR, EXPLORE FOR, DRILL FOR, PRODUCE, MINE, EXTRACT, REMOVE AND REDUCE TO POSSESSION AND OWNERSHIP, ALL MINERALS AND SALT WATER WHICH ARE UPON, IN, UNDER OR MAY BE PRODUCED FROM THE PROPERTY; (IV) THE EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO DRILL INTO AND THROUGH THE PROPERTY TO EXPLORE FOR AND THEREAFTER PRODUCE AND EXTRACT MINERALS WHICH MAY BE PRODUCED FROM NEIGHBORING  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  B  
  FINAL VERSION 

LANDS; (V) THE EXCLUSIVE RIGHT TO PRODUCE AND EXTRACT MINERALS BY REPRESSURING THE SUBSURFACE SANDS AND STRATA WITH FLUIDS OR GASES OR BY SUCH OTHER METHOD OR METHODS AS GRANTOR, OR ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, MAY DEEM ADVISABLE, AND TO INJECT IN AND STORE AND THEREAFTER REMOVE SUCH FLUIDS AND GASES, WHETHER OR NOT INDIGENOUS TO THE PROPERTY; (VI) THE RIGHT AT ALL TIMES, AND WITHOUT CHARGE, TO INVESTIGATE FOR, EXPLORE FOR, DRILL FOR, PRODUCE, REMOVE AND REDUCE TO POSSESSION AND OWNERSHIP, THOSE QUANTITIES OF FRESH WATER FROM AQUIFERS UNDERLYING THE PROPERTY DEEMED NECESSARY BY GRANTOR, OR ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, TO USE IN PROSPECTING, EXPLORING, DRILLING, MINING, PRODUCING, EXTRACTING AND REMOVING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TO USE IN UNIT OPERATIONS, WATER FLOOD, THERMAL OR OTHER SECONDARY RECOVERY METHODS NOW OR HEREAFTER KNOWN), OR OTHER OPERATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE FULL ENJOYMENT AND EXERCISE OF THE RIGHTS HEREIN EXCEPTED AND RESERVED; AND (VII) THE RIGHT TO EXERCISE ALL RIGHTS HEREIN EXCEPTED AND RESERVED AND ANY AND ALL OTHER RIGHTS UPON THE PROPERTY INCIDENTAL TO OR, CONVENIENT, WHETHER ALONE OR CO-JOINTLY WITH NEIGHBORING LANDS, IN EXPLORING FOR, PRODUCING AND EXTRACTING THE MINERALS AND SALT WATER HEREIN EXCEPTED AND RESERVED. 
    
  ALSO EXCEPTING THEREFROM (I) ALL WATER, INCLUDING GROUNDWATER, AND ALL WATER RIGHTS, WHETHER CHARACTERIZED AS RANCHO RIGHTS, RIPARIAN, OVERLYING, CORRELATIVE, APPROPRIATE, PRESCRIPTIVE OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT APPURTENANT, AND WHETHER ON THE SURFACE, BELOW THE SURFACE OR BORDERING THE PROPERTY, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE RESERVATION OF ALL RIGHTS TO DIVERT WATER FROM WATER SOURCES ON THE PROPERTY AND TO PUMP, TAKE OR OTHERWISE EXTRACT OR USE GROUNDWATER FROM BELOW THE SURFACE OF THE PROPERTY, THROUGH WELLS ACCESSING ANY WATER TABLE OR BASIN UNDERLYING THE PROPERTY, WHETHER SUCH GROUNDWATER IS PERCOLATING OR LOCATED IN AN UNDERGROUND CHANNEL, AND WHETHER SUCH WATER IN NATIVE OR FOREIGN; (II) ANY SHARES OF STOCK EVIDENCING ANY SUCH WATER RIGHTS; AND (III) ALL FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT NOW USED FOR THE PRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF WATER ON, OR FOR THE IRRIGATION OR DRAINAGE OF, THE PROPERTY. THIS RESERVATION APPLIES WHETHER SUCH RIGHTS WERE HISTORICALLY EXERCISED OF REMAIN INCHOATE, AND WHETHER SUCH RIGHTS HAVE BEEN ADJUDICATED, AS RESERVED IN THE DEED FROM TEJON RANCHCORP RECORDED JANUARY 14, 2008, AS DOCUMENT No. 0208005797 OF OFFICIAL RECORDS. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  B  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "C" 
  PRE-DEVELOPMENT BUDGET 
  [To Be Provided] 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  C  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "D" 
  CONTRIBUTION AGREEMENT 
  [To Be Attached] 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  D  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "E" 
  CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT 
  [To Be Provided By Majestic] 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  E  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "F" 
  LIST OF PRE-APPROVED CONSULTANTS 
             
    McIntosh   Associates   civil engineering, land division, easements, studies 
                
    Advantec Consulting Engineers   traffic studies, traffic impact, CalTrans liaison 
                
    W S Consultants   cultural assessments, mitigation, monitoring 
                
    Dudek   wildlife biology assessments, mitigation, monitoring 
                
    PetroTECH Resources   petroleum engineering, DOGGR liaison 
                
    Soils Engineering or Krazan   Associates - Geotech 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  F  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "G" 
  MASTER DEVELOPER WORK 
             
    Widening of the western edge of Wheeler Ridge Road by approximately twelve (12) feet, including paving the shoulder, and installing curb, gutter, sidewalk, and landscaping. 
                
    Construction of a left turn pocket within the existing median on Wheeler Ridge Road at the southern entry into the Property. 
                
    Installation of any traffic signals required for entrances to and exits from the Property. 
                
    Coordination of any utility connections required for the Project. 
                
    Any additional work specified as Master Developer work in the Development Plan (and any amendments thereto). 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  G  
  FINAL VERSION 

EXHIBIT "H" 
  RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL 
  Except for transfers permitted by Sections 6.02(a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) each time a Member (an "  Offeror  ") proposes to voluntarily transfer, assign, convey, sell, or otherwise dispose of its entire Interest (an "  Offered Interest  "), such Offeror shall first offer such Offered Interest to the non-transferring Member in accordance with the following provisions: 
  (a)        The Offeror shall deliver a written notice (the "  Offer Notice  ") to the non-transferring Member stating (i) such Offeror's bona fide intention to transfer the Offered Interest, (ii) the name and address of the proposed transferee, and (iii) the purchase price and terms of payment for which the Offeror proposes to transfer the Offered Interest.  The Offer Notice shall constitute a revocable offer by the Offeror to sell the Offered Interest to the other Member on the terms and conditions set forth in this   Exhibit "H." 
  (b)        Within thirty (30) days after receipt of the Offer Notice, the non-transferring Member shall have the right, but not the obligation, to elect to purchase the entire Offered Interest for the price and upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer Notice by delivering written notice of such election (the "  Purchase Election  ") to the Offeror.  The failure of non-transferring Member to submit a notice within such thirty (30) day period shall constitute an irrevocable rejection of the offer made by the Offeror to sell the Offered Interest to the non-transferring Member. 
  (c)        If the non-transferring Member timely elects to purchase the entire Offered Interest prior to the Offeror's written revocation of the Offer, then the closing for the Offered Interest shall be made upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Offer Notice including, without limitation, price, terms of payment and closing date; provided, however, if the terms of the proposed transfer include the payment by the Offeror of a commission, then the purchase price shall be reduced by the amount of such commission.  The Offeror and the non-transferring Member shall execute such documents and instruments and make such deliveries as may be reasonably required to consummate the transfer.  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this   Exhibit "H,"   the Offeror shall make the representations and warranties set forth in Section 8.07 of the Agreement at the closing for the purchase and sale of the Offered Interest. 
  (d)        If the non-transferring Member does not timely elect to purchase the entire Offered Interest (or if the non-transferring Member breaches its obligation to purchase the entire Offered Interest), then the Offeror may transfer the entire Offered Interest to the proposed transferee described in the Offer Notice, provided such transfer (i) is completed within ninety (90) days after the expiration of the non-transferring Member's right to purchase the Offered  
  
   1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  H  
  FINAL VERSION 

Interest (or within 90 days following the breach by the non-transferring Member of its obligation to purchase the entire Offered Interest, if applicable), (ii) is made at the price and on terms and conditions no less favorable to the Offeror than as described in the Offer Notice, (iii) would not constitute a default or breach by the Company under any loan agreement or document to which the Company is a party (unless the lender consents to such transfer), and (iv) the requirements of Section 6.03 are met.  If the Offered Interest is not so transferred within such ninety (90)-day period, then the Offeror shall be required to comply again with the provisions of this   Exhibit "H"   prior to voluntarily transferring, assigning, conveying, selling or otherwise disposing of the Offered Interest to any Person (except for any transfer to any Person permitted by Sections 6.02(a), (b), (c) (d) and (e) above).  In addition, in the event of a breach by the non-transferring Member of its obligation to purchase, such non-transferring Member shall not have a right to elect to purchase an Offered Interest with respect to a transfer of an Interest which is consummated within one (1) year after such breach. 
  (e)        If any transferee purchases an Interest pursuant to the procedure described in this   Exhibit "H,"   then such transferee shall be admitted to the Company as a substituted member upon the closing of such purchase and sale and the satisfaction of the requirements of Section 6.03. 

1101801.21/OC      54430-10898/2568195.16    
  EXHIBIT  H  
  FINAL VERSION 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311section302certceoq320.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to  
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  
  as Adopted Pursuant to  
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
    
  I, Gregory S. Bielli, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tejon Ranch Co.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and  
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Dated: 
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ Gregory S. Bielli 

Gregory S. Bielli 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312section302cfoq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
    
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to  
  Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a)  
  as Adopted Pursuant to  
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Allen E. Lyda, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tejon Ranch Co.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a. 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b. 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c. 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d. 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a. 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b. 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
                     Dated:  
    November 8, 2016 
    /s/ Allen E. Lyda 

Allen E. Lyda 

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32section906ceocfoq32016.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Tejon Ranch Co. (the  Company ), for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his own knowledge: 

The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended   September 30, 2016   fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
                
    The information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 
     A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Tejon Ranch Co. and will be retained by Tejon Ranch Co., and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                   Dated:  
    November 8, 2016 

/s/ Gregory S. Bielli 
      
      Gregory S. Bielli 
      
      President and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Allen E. Lyda 
      
      Allen E. Lyda 
      
      Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Treasurer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 trc-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 trc-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 trc-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 trc-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 trc-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 trc-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

