<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1390162_0001144204-16-133730_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16975571</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>132852</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>544210</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5929941</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>8137520</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1895171</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>62</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-133730.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114093418
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-133730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Howard Bancorp Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001390162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35489
		FILM NUMBER:		161991262

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6011 University Boulevard
		STREET 2:		Suite 370
		CITY:			Ellicott City
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		410-750-0020

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6011 University Boulevard
		STREET 2:		Suite 370
		CITY:			Ellicott City
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-133730.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452170_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q   

For the quarterly period ended September 30,
2016 

OR 

Commission File Number: 001-35489 

HOWARD BANCORP,
INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Maryland  
       
      20-3735949   
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

(410) 750-0020  

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.  Yes  x     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). Yes  x  No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a small reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  small reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer       
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer      
      Small reporting company  x    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes         No  x  

The number of outstanding shares of common stock outstanding as
of October 31, 2016. 

Common Stock, $0.01 par value   6,991,072
shares 

HOWARD BANCORP,
INC.  

  TABLE OF CONTENTS  

Page   
 
      PART I  
       Financial Information   
     4  
 
      Item 1.  
       Financial Statements   
     4  

Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited)   
     4  

Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)   
     5  

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited)   
     6  

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (Unaudited)   
     6  

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)   
     7  

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)   
     8  

Item 2.  
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     31  

Item 3.  
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk   
     46  

Item 4.  
       Controls and Procedures   
     46  

PART II  
       Other Information   
     47  
 
      Item 1.  
       Legal Proceedings   
     47  

Item 1A.  
       Risk Factors   
     47  

Item 2.  
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     47  

Item 3.  
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     47  

Item 4.  
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     47  

Item 5.  
       Other Information   
     47  

Item 6.  
       Exhibits   
     47  

Signatures   
     48  

2   

As used in this report,  Bancorp  refers to Howard Bancorp,
Inc., references to the  Company,   we,   us,  and  ours  refer to Howard Bancorp,
Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively, and references to the  Bank  refer to Howard Bank. 

This report contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified
by the use of words such as  estimate,   project,   believe,   intend,   anticipate, 
 plan,   seek,   expect,   will,   may,   should  and words
of similar meaning. You can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. 

These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

statements of our goals, intentions and expectations, particularly with respect to our business plan and strategies, including
continuing to focus on commercial customers, continuing to increase our originations of one-to four-family residential mortgage
loans, increasing our mortgage lending portfolio and selling loans into the secondary markets;   

statements regarding the asset quality of our investment portfolios and anticipated recovery and collection of unrealized losses
on securities available for sale;   

statements with respect to our allowance for credit losses, and the adequacy thereof;   

statement with respect to having adequate liquidity levels;   

our belief that we will retain a large portion of maturing certificates of deposit;   

the expected impact of recent accounting pronouncements; and   

future cash requirements and lack of expected losses relating to commitments to extend credit.  

These forward-looking statements are based on our current beliefs
and expectations and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies,
many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to
future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. We are under no duty to and do not undertake any obligation
to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report. 

The following factors, among others, could cause actual results
to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: 

deterioration in general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market area, or a return to recessionary conditions,
including as a result of the impact of the impending exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union;   

competition among depository and other financial institutions;   

inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins or reduce the fair value of financial instruments;   

adverse changes in the securities markets;   

changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees
and capital requirements;   

our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities, and to otherwise implement our growth
strategy;   

our ability to successfully integrate acquired entities, if any;   

changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits;   

changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;   

loss of key personnel; and   

other risks discussed in this report, in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with
the SEC, and in other reports we may file.   

Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our
actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. You should not
put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 

3   

PART I   

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

Howard Bancorp, Inc. and Subsidiary   

Consolidated Balance Sheets   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

4   

Consolidated Statements of Operations
 (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

5   

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
Income  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes
in Shareholders  Equity  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

6   

Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

7   

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  (unaudited)  

Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

Nature of Operations   

On December 15, 2005, Howard Bancorp, Inc. ( Bancorp )
acquired all of the stock and became the holding company of Howard Bank (the  Bank ) pursuant to the Plan of Reorganization
approved by the shareholders of the Bank and by federal and state regulatory agencies. Each share of the Bank s common stock
was converted into two shares of Bancorp common stock effected by the filing of Articles of Exchange on that date, and the shareholders
of the Bank became the shareholders of Bancorp. The Bank has four subsidiaries, three of which hold foreclosed real estate and
the other owns and manages real estate that is used as a branch location and has office and retail space. The accompanying consolidated
financial statements of Bancorp and its wholly-owned subsidiary bank (collectively the  Company ) have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ). 

Bancorp was incorporated in April of 2005 under the laws of the
State of Maryland and is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. Bancorp is a single bank
holding company with one subsidiary, Howard Bank, which operates as a state trust company with commercial banking powers regulated
by the Maryland Office of the Commissioner of Financial Regulation (the  Commissioner ). 

On August 28, 2015, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Patapsco
Bancorp, Inc. ( Patapsco Bancorp ), the parent company of The Patapsco Bank ( Patapsco Bank ), through
the merger of Patapsco Bancorp with and into Bancorp (the  Merger ). The Merger was consummated pursuant to the Agreement
and Plan of Merger dated as of March 2, 2015, by and between Bancorp and Patapsco Bancorp, as amended (the  Merger Agreement ).
As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of Patapsco Bancorp was converted into the right to receive, at the holder s
election, $5.09 in cash or 0.3547 shares of the Bancorp s common stock, par value $0.01 per share ( Common Stock ),
provided that (i) cash was paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Common Stock and (ii) 20% of the shares of common stock of
Patapsco Bancorp outstanding at the time of the Merger was exchanged for cash in the Merger, with the remaining shares of Patapsco
Bancorp common stock exchanged for 560,891 shares of Common Stock. The aggregate Merger consideration was $10.064 million. In connection
with the Merger, the parties have caused Patapsco Bank to merge with and into the Bank, with the Bank the surviving bank. 

On May
6, 2016, Bancorp redeemed all of the 12,562 shares of the Series AA Preferred Stock that it had previously issued to the U.S. Department
of the Treasury (the  Treasury ) under its Small Business Lending Fund ( SBLF ) program. The aggregate
redemption price of the Series AA Preferred Stock was approximately $12.7 million, including dividends accrued but unpaid
through the redemption date. The redemptions of the Series AA Preferred Stock was funded with variable rate debt  with
Raymond James Bank, N.A. This debt matures one year from commencement, with interest only payments based upon 30 day LIBOR plus
300 basis points. 

The Company is a diversified financial services company providing
commercial banking, mortgage banking and consumer finance through banking branches, the internet and other distribution channels
to businesses, business owners, professionals and other consumers located primarily in the Greater Baltimore Metropolitan Area. 

The following is a description of the Company s 
 significant accounting policies. 

Principles of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bancorp,
its subsidiary bank and the bank s subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior year s consolidated financial statements to conform to current period
presentation, but any such reclassifications had no impact on net income or shareholders  equity as previously reported. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible
to significant changes in the near-term relate to the determination of the allowance for credit losses, other-than-temporary impairment
of investment securities, and the fair value of loans held for sale. 

8   

Loans Held-For-Sale   

The Company engages in sales of residential mortgage loans originated
by the Bank. Loans held for sale are carried at fair value. Fair value is based on outstanding investor commitments or, in the
absence of such commitments, on current investor yield requirements based on third party models. Gains and losses on sales of these
loans are recorded as a component of noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company s current
practice is to sell residential mortgage loans on a servicing released basis, and, therefore, it has no intangible asset recorded
for the value of such servicing. 

Upon sale and delivery, loans are legally isolated from the Company
and the Company has no ability to restrict or constrain the ability of third party investors to pledge or exchange the mortgage
loans. The Company does not have the entitlement or ability to repurchase the mortgage loans or unilaterally cause third party
investors to put the mortgage loans back to the Company. Unrealized and realized gains on loan sales are determined using the specific
identification method and are recognized through mortgage banking activity in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

The Company enters into commitments to originate residential mortgage
loans whereby the interest rate on the loan is determined prior to funding (i.e. rate lock commitment). Such rate lock commitments
on mortgage loans to be sold in the secondary market are considered to be derivatives. The period of time between issuance of a
loan commitment and closing and sale of the loan generally ranges from 15 to 60 days. The Company protects itself from changes
in interest rates through the use of best efforts forward delivery commitments, whereby the Company commits to sell a loan at a
premium at the time the borrower commits to an interest rate with the intent that the buyer has assumed interest rate risk on the
loan. 

For purposes of calculating fair value of rate lock commitments,
the Bank estimates loan closing and investor delivery rate based on historical experience. The measurement of the estimated fair
value of the rate lock commitments is presented as realized and unrealized gains from mortgage banking activities. 

New Accounting Pronouncements    

The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the  FASB )
has issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments .
The amendments in this update provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity
in practice. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the impact on its consolidated
financial statements. 

The FASB has issued ASU 2016-13,  Financial Instruments Credit
Losses (Topic 326).  The main objective of this update is to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information
about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at
each reporting date. To achieve this objective, the guidance in this update replaces the incurred loss impairment methodology in
current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of reasonable
and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information
about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the
collectability of the reported amount. An entity must use judgment in determining the relevant information and estimation methods
that are appropriate in its circumstances. The guidance in this update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

The FASB has issued ASU 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation
(Topic 718).  The purpose of this guidance is to simplify the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the
income tax consequences of these transactions. Under the provisions of the update, the income tax consequences of excess tax benefits
and deficiencies should be recognized in income tax expense in the reporting period in which the awards vest. Currently, excess
tax benefits and deficiencies impact shareholders  equity directly to the extent there is a cumulative excess tax benefit.
In the event that a tax deficiency has occurred during the reporting period and a cumulative tax benefit does not exist, the tax
deficiency is recognized in income tax expense under current GAAP. The update also provides that entities may continue to estimate
forfeitures in accounting for stock based compensation or recognize them as they occur. The provision of this update becomes effective
for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine
the impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

The FASB has issued ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).  The
new guidance requires lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities related to certain operating leases on their balance
sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2018 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating this guidance to determine the impact
on its consolidated financial statements. 

9   

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Financial Instruments  
Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities . ASU No. 2016-01 requires equity investments to be measured
at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, excluding equity investments that are consolidated or accounted
for under the equity method of accounting. The guidance allows equity investments without readily determinable fair values to be
measured at cost minus impairment, with a qualitative assessment required to identify impairment. The guidance also: requires public
companies to use exit prices to measure the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes; requires separate presentation
of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying
notes to the financial statements; and eliminates the disclosure requirements related to measurement assumptions for the fair value
of instruments measured at amortized cost. In addition, the guidance requires that for liabilities measured at fair value under
the fair value option, changes in fair value due to changes in instrument-specific credit risk be presented in other comprehensive
income. ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

The FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with
Customers  (Topic 606). The guidance requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. The guidance in this update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including
interim periods within that reporting period. Early adoption is permitted, but not before the original effective date of December
15, 2016. The Company will evaluate the guidance in this update but does not believe it will have a material impact on its financial
position or results of operations. 

Note 2: Business Combinations   

Patapsco Bancorp Acquisition   

On August 28, 2015, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Patapsco
Bancorp through the merger of Patapsco Bancorp, the parent company of The Patapsco Bank, with and into Bancorp pursuant to the
Merger Agreement. As a result of the Merger, each share of common stock of Patapsco Bancorp was converted into the right to receive,
at the holder s election, $5.09 in cash or 0.3547 shares of Common Stock, provided that (i) cash was paid in lieu of any
fractional shares of Common Stock and (ii) 20% of the shares of common stock of Patapsco Bancorp outstanding at the time of the
merger were exchanged for cash in the merger, with the remaining shares of Patapsco Bancorp common stock exchanged for 560,891
shares of Common Stock. The aggregate Merger consideration was $10.064 million. In connection with the Merger, immediately thereafter
Patapsco Bank was merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank the surviving bank. 

The Company has accounted for the merger under the acquisition method
of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805,  Business Combinations,  whereby the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities were recorded by Bancorp at their estimated fair values as of their acquisition date. Fair value estimates for loans
and deposits were based on management s acceptance of a fair market valuation analysis performed by an independent third
party firm. 

The acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Patapsco Bancorp
were measured at estimated fair value. Management made significant estimates and exercised significant judgment in accounting for
the acquisition of Patapsco Bancorp. Management judgmentally assigned risk ratings to loans based on appraisals and estimated collateral
values, expected cash flows, prepayment speeds and estimated loss factors to measure fair values for loans. Deposits and borrowings
were valued based upon interest rates, original and remaining terms and maturities, as well as current rates for similar funds
in the same markets. Premises and equipment was valued based on recent appraised values. Management used quoted or current market
prices to determine the fair value of investment securities. 

The following table provides the purchase price as of the acquisition
date, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values, and the resulting goodwill of $603
thousand recorded from the acquisition: 

(in thousands) 

Purchase Price Consideration    

Cash consideration    
     $  2,015     
 
     Purchase price assigned to shares exchanged for stock    
        8,049     
 
     Total purchase price for Patapsco Bancorp acquisition    
     $  10,064     

10   

A  cquired loans    

The following table outlines the contractually required payments
receivable, cash flows we expect to receive, non-accretable credit adjustments and the accretable yield for all Patapsco Bancorp
loans as of the acquisition date. 

 (in thousands) 

Upon the acquisition of Patapsco Bancorp, the Company recorded all
loans acquired at the estimated fair value on the purchase date with no carryover of the related allowance for loan losses. On
the acquisition date, the Company segregated the loan portfolio into two loan pools, performing and non-performing loans to be
retained in the Bank s portfolio. 

The Company had an independent third party determine the net discounted
value of cash flows on approximately 1,000 performing loans totaling $156.4 million. The valuation took into consideration the
loans  underlying characteristics, including account types, remaining terms, annual interest rates, interest types, past
delinquencies, timing of principal and interest payments, current market rates, loan-to-value ratios, loss exposures, and remaining
balances. These performing loans were segregated into pools based on loan and payment type and in some cases, risk grade. The effect
of this fair valuation process was a net accretable discount adjustment of $866 thousand at acquisition. 

The Company also individually evaluated 13 impaired loans totaling
$3.5 million to determine the fair value as of the August 28, 2015 measurement date. In determining the fair value for each individually
evaluated impaired loan, a number of factors including the remaining life of the acquired loan, estimated prepayments, estimated
loss ratios, estimated value of the underlying collateral and net present value of cash flows expected to be recorded were considered,
among others. 

The Company established a credit risk related non-accretable difference
of $1.7 million relating to these acquired, credit impaired loans, reflected in the recorded net fair value. The Company further
estimated the timing and amount of expected cash flows in excess of the estimated fair value and established an accretable discount
adjustment of $372 thousand at acquisition relating to these impaired loans. 

11   

Note 3: Investment Securities   

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments available
for sale are as follows: 

Gross unrealized losses and fair value by investment category and
length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 are presented below: 

The portfolio contained three agency securities with unrealized
losses of $12 thousand at September 30, 2016. 

The unrealized losses that existed were a result of market changes
in interest rates since the original purchase. Management systematically evaluates investment securities for other-than-temporary
declines in fair value on a quarterly basis. This analysis requires management to consider various factors, which include (1) the
duration and magnitude of the decline in value, (2) the financial condition of the issuer or issuers and (3) the structure of the
security. 

An impairment loss is recognized in earnings if any of the following
are true: (1) the Company intends to sell the debt security; (2) it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to
sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis; or (3) the Company does not expect to recover the entire amortized
cost basis of the security. In situations where the Company intends to sell or when it is more likely than not that the Company
will be required to sell the security, the entire impairment loss must be recognized in earnings. In all other situations, only
the portion of the impairment loss representing the credit loss must be recognized in earnings, with the remaining portion being
recognized in shareholders  equity as a component of other comprehensive income, net of deferred tax. 

12   

The amortized cost and estimated fair values of investments available
for sale by contractual maturity are shown below: 

There were no sales of investment securities during the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $18.4 million and $22.8 million, respectively, in fair value
of securities were pledged as collateral for repurchase agreements and public fund deposits. No single issuer of securities, except
for U.S. Government agency securities, had outstanding balances that exceeded ten percent of shareholders  equity at September
30, 2016. 

Note 4: Loans and Leases  

The Bank makes loans to customers primarily in the Greater Baltimore
Maryland metropolitan area and surrounding communities. A substantial portion of the Bank s loan portfolio consists of loans
to businesses secured by real estate and/or other business assets.  

The loan portfolio segment balances at September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015 are presented in the following table: 

Acquired Impaired Loans  

The following table documents changes in the accretable discount
on acquired impaired loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, along with the outstanding balances and related
carrying amounts for the beginning and end of those respective periods. 

13   

There was not an allowance for credit losses required on acquired
impaired loans at either September 30, 2016 or September 30, 2015. 

Note 5: Credit Quality Assessment  

Allowance for Credit Losses   

 The following table provides information by the respective loan
portfolio segment on the activity in the allowance for credit losses for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016
and 2015: 

14   

The following table provides additional information on the allowance
for credit losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

When potential losses are identified, a specific provision and/or
charge-off may be taken, based on the then current likelihood of repayment, that is at least in the amount of the collateral deficiency,
and any potential collection costs, as determined by the independent third party appraisal.   

All loans that are considered impaired are subject to the completion
of an impairment analysis.  This analysis highlights any potential collateral deficiencies. A specific amount of impairment
is established based on the Bank s calculation of the probable loss inherent in the individual loan. The actual occurrence
and severity of losses involving impaired credits can differ substantially from estimates. 

15   

Credit risk profile by portfolio segment based upon internally assigned
risk assignments are presented below: 

Special Mention  - A Special Mention asset has potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention.
If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the
institution s credit position at some future date. Special Mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose
an institution to sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification.   

Substandard  - Substandard loans are inadequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the obligor
or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified must have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation
of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not
corrected.   

Doubtful  - Loans classified Doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified Substandard with the added
characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and
values, highly questionable and improbable.   

Loans classified Special Mention, Substandard, Doubtful or Loss
are reviewed at least quarterly to determine their appropriate classification. All commercial loan relationships are reviewed annually.
Non-classified residential mortgage loans and consumer loans are not evaluated unless a specific event occurs to raise the awareness
of possible credit deterioration. 

16   

An aged analysis of past due loans are as follows: 

17   

Total loans either in non-accrual status or in excess of ninety
days delinquent totaled $6.0 million or 0.74% of total loans outstanding at September 30, 2016, which represents a decrease from
$9.8 million or 1.3% at December 31, 2015. 

Impaired loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as
follows: 

18   

Included in the total impaired loans above were non-accrual loans
of $6.0 million and $8.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Interest income that would have been
recorded if non-accrual loans had been current and in accordance with their original terms was $221 thousand for the first nine
months of 2016. 

Management routinely evaluates other real estate owned
( OREO ) based upon periodic appraisals. There was an additional valuation allowance of $83 thousand relating to
one property recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and for the same period in 2015 there was a valuation
adjustment of $736 thousand on four properties, as the current appraised value, less estimated cost to sell, was less than
the carrying amount. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 there was one loan transferred from the loan portfolio
to OREO. In the same period of 2015 the Company did no transfer any loans into OREO, but acquired one property in the
Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. The Company did not sell any properties held as OREO in either nine month period. 

Loans may have their terms restructured (e.g., interest rates, loan
maturity date, payment and amortization period) in circumstances that provide payment relief to a borrower experiencing financial
difficulty. Such restructured loans are considered troubled debt restructured loans ( TDRs ) that may either be impaired
loans that may either be in accruing status or non-accruing status.  Non-accruing restructured loans may return to accruing
status provided there is a sufficient period of payment performance in accordance with the restructure terms.  Loans
may be removed from the restructured category in the year subsequent to the restructuring if: a) the restructuring agreement specifies
an interest rate equal to or greater than the rate that the creditor was willing to accept at the time of restructuring for a new
loan with comparable risk; and b) the loan is not impaired based on the terms specified by the restructuring agreement.   

TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

19   

A summary of TDR modifications outstanding and performing under
modified terms are as follows: 

There were five loans totaling $854 thousand restructured in the
first nine months of 2016. Two commercial loans totaling $273 thousand were modified from principal and interest payments to interest
only payments for a six to nine month period. One construction and land loan for $413 thousand and one commercial real estate owner
occupied loan for $441 thousand were restructured to interest only payments with a reduction in the interest rate. Finally, there
was a restructuring of a $466 thousand land development loan that included a paydown from the guarantor, partial debt forgiveness
by the Bank and a reduction of the interest rate on the remaining balance of the loan, which the Bank anticipates will be fully
repaid. Performing TDRs were in compliance with their modified terms and there are no further commitments associated with these
loans. 

20   

Note 6: Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  

The Bank has one unit, which is the core banking operation. The
table below shows goodwill balances at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of other
intangible assets are as follows: 

Estimated future amortization expense for amortizing intangibles
for the years ending December 31, are as follows: 

Note 7: Deposits  

The following table details the composition of deposits and the
related percentage mix of total deposits, respectively, at the dates indicated: 

21   

Note 8: Stock Options and Stock Awards   

The Company s equity incentive plan provides for awards of
nonqualified and incentive stock options as well as vested and non-vested Common Stock awards. Employee stock options can be granted
with exercise prices at the fair market value (as defined within the plan) of the stock at the date of grant and with terms of
up to ten years. Except as otherwise permitted in the plan, upon termination of employment for reasons other than retirement, permanent
disability or death, the option exercise period is reduced or the options are canceled. 

Stock awards may also be granted to non-employee members of the
Board of Directors as compensation for attendance and participation at meetings of the Board of Directors and meetings of the various
committees of the Board. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company s directors earned 5,362 shares of stock
as compensation for their service. 

The following table summarizes the Company s stock option
activity and related information for the periods ended: 

The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount that the market
value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. Based upon a fair market value of $13.21 at September 30,
2016 the options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of $160 thousand. At December 31, 2015, based upon fair market value
of $13.24, the options outstanding had an aggregate intrinsic value of $185 thousand. 

Restricted Stock   

 In the second quarter of 2013, 50,000 shares of restricted stock
were granted, with 30,000 of the shares subject to a three year vesting schedule with one-third of the shares vesting each year
on the grant date anniversary. The remaining 20,000 awarded shares also were subject to a three year vesting schedule however,
they only vested if certain annual performance measures were satisfactorily achieved. 

The following table presents a summary of the activity in the Company s
restricted stock for the periods ended: 

At September 30, 2016, there were no restricted stock awards outstanding,
and all of the pre-tax compensation expense related to restricted stock awards has been recognized.  

22   

Restricted Stock Units   

  Restricted stock units ( RSUs )
are similar to restricted stock, except the recipient does not receive the stock immediately, but instead receives it according
to a vesting plan and distribution schedule after achieving required performance milestones or upon remaining with the employer
for a particular length of time.  Each RSU  t hat vests entitles the recipient to receive one share of Common Stock
on a specified issuance date. The recipient does not have any stockholder rights, including voting, dividend or liquidation rights,
with respect to the shares underlying awarded RSUs until the recipient becomes the record holder of those shares. 

The Company granted 27,000 RSUs in the first nine months of 2016,
all of which are subject to a three year vesting schedule. During 2015, 73,500 RSUs were granted, with 43,500 of the RSUs subject
to a three year vesting schedule with one-third of the RSUs vesting each year on the grant date anniversary. The remaining 30,000
awarded RSUs also are subject to a three year vesting schedule; they only vest, however, if certain annual performance measures
are satisfactorily achieved. 

In 2014, 44,500 RSUs were granted, with 19,500 of the RSUs subject
to a three year vesting schedule with one-third of the RSUs vesting each year on the grant date anniversary. The remaining 25,000
awarded RSUs also are subject to a three year vesting schedule; they only vest, however, if certain annual performance measures
are satisfactorily achieved. 

The following table presents a summary of the activity in the Company s
RSUs for the periods ended: 

At September 30, 2016, based on RSU awards outstanding at that time,
the total unrecognized pre-tax compensation expense related to unvested RSU awards was $736 thousand. This expense is expected
to be recognized through 2019.  

Stock-Based Compensation Expense:    Stock-based
compensation is recognized as compensation cost in the Statement of Operations based on the fair values on the measurement date,
which, for the Company, is the date of the grant. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance
of restricted stock and restricted stock units of $219 thousand as well as $68 thousand for director compensation paid in stock
for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. For the three months ended September 30, 2016 stock-based compensation expense
related to the issuance of restricted stock and restricted stock units of $51 thousand as well as $21 thousand for director compensation
paid in stock The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the issuance of restricted stock and RSUs of $375
thousand as well as $95 thousand for director compensation paid in stock for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Valuation of Stock-Based Compensation:    The fair
value of the Company s stock options granted as compensation is estimated on the measurement date, which, for the Company,
is the date of grant. The fair value of stock options was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. There were not
any stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 or in 2015. 

Note 9: Benefit Plans  

Profit Sharing Plan   

 The Company sponsors a defined contribution retirement plan through
a Section 401(k) profit sharing plan. Employees may contribute up to 15% of their pretax compensation. Participants are eligible
for matching Company contributions up to 4% of eligible compensation dependent on the level of voluntary contributions. Company
matching contributions totaled $469 thousand and $391 thousand, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015. The Company s matching contributions vest immediately. 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP)   

 In 2014, the Bank created a SERP for the Chief Executive Officer.
This plan was amended in 2015. Under the defined benefit SERP, Ms. Scully will receive $150,000 each year for 15 years after attainment
of the Normal Retirement Age (as defined in the SERP). Ms. Scully will earn vesting on a graduated schedule in which she will become
fully vested on August 25, 2019, which has been established for purposes of the SERP   as her retirement date. Expense related
to this plan totaled $182 thousand and $68 thousand, respectively, for the nine month periods, and $61 thousand and $23 thousand,
respectively, for the three month periods, ending September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

23   

Note 10: Income per Common Share   

The table below shows the presentation of basic and diluted income
per common share for the periods indicated: 

Note 11: Risk-Based Capital  

In July 2013, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the  FDIC )
and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that revised their leverage and risk-based capital requirements
and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision ( Basel III ) and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule, which became effective
on January 1, 2015, applies to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $1
billion or more and top-tier savings and loan holding companies. The Company will become subject to the final rule as administered
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve if and when the Company reaches $1 billion in total consolidated assets. The final
rule creates a new common equity Tier 1 ( CET1 ) minimum capital requirement (4.5% of risk-weighted assets), increases
the minimum Tier 1 capital ratio (from 4% to 6% of risk-weighted assets), imposes a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0%, and changes
the risk-weight of certain assets to better reflect credit risk and other risk exposures. These include, among other things, a
150% risk weight for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans and for non-residential
mortgage loans that are 90 days past due or otherwise in non-accrual status, and a 20% credit conversion factor for the unused
portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable. The final rule also
requires unrealized gains and losses on certain  available-for-sale  securities holdings to be included for purposes
of calculating regulatory capital unless the Company elects to opt-out from this treatment. The Company has elected to permanently
opt out of this treatment in the Company s capital calculations, as permitted by the final rule. 

The final rule limits the Bank s capital distributions and
certain discretionary bonus payments if the Bank does not hold a  capital conservation buffer  consisting of 2.5% of
common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital
requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement is being phased in beginning January 1, 2016 and ending January 1, 2019,
when the full capital conservation buffer requirement will be effective. 

In addition, under revised prompt corrective action requirements,
in order to be considered  well-capitalized,  the Bank must have a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5% or greater,
a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater and a leverage ratio
of 5.0% or greater. 

24   

There are two main categories of capital under the regulatory capital
guidelines. Tier 1 capital includes common shareholders  equity, qualifying preferred stock and trust preferred securities,
less goodwill and certain other deductions (including the unrealized net gains and losses, after applicable income taxes, on securities
available for sale carried at fair value). Tier 2 capital includes preferred stock not qualifying as Tier 1 capital, subordinated
debt, the allowance for credit losses and net unrealized gains on marketable equity securities, subject to limitations by the guidelines.
Tier 2 capital is limited to the amount of Tier 1 capital (i.e., at least half of total capital must be in the form of Tier 1 capital).
Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the
balance sheet, one of several risk weights is applied to the different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based
on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. For example, claims guaranteed by the U.S. government or one of its agencies are
risk-weighted at 0%. Off-balance sheet items, such as loan commitments, are also applied a risk weight after calculating balance
sheet equivalent amounts. One of four credit conversion factors (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%) is assigned to loan commitments based on
the likelihood of the off-balance sheet item becoming an asset. For example, certain loan commitments are converted at 50% and
then risk-weighted at 100%. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators
about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 

Management believes that, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, Bancorp and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 

The decrease in Bancorp s risk-based capital ratios for September
30, 2016 was directly impacted by the redemption of the preferred stock issued under the SBLF program. This redemption occurred
on May 6, 2016. Further information on this redemption can be found in Note 12 below. 

25   

Note 12: Preferred Stock  

On September 22, 2011, Bancorp entered into a Securities Purchase
Agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury, pursuant to which Bancorp issued and sold to the Treasury 12,562 shares of Bancorp s
Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series AA, having a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, for aggregate
proceeds of $12,562,000. The issuance was pursuant to SBLF program, a $30 billion fund established under the Small Business Jobs
Act of 2010, which encourages lending to small businesses by providing capital to qualified community banks with assets of less
than $10 billion. The Series AA Preferred Stock holders were entitled to receive non-cumulative dividends payable quarterly on
each January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1, beginning October 1, 2011. The dividend rate for future dividend periods was set
based upon the percentage change in qualified lending between each dividend period and the baseline QSBL level established at the
time the Agreement was entered into. Such dividend rate could vary from 1% per annum to 5% per annum for the second through tenth
dividend periods and from 1% per annum to 7% per annum for the eleventh through the eighteenth dividend periods and through March
22, 2016 with respect to the nineteenth dividend period. If the Series AA Preferred Stock remained outstanding for more than four-and-one-half
years, the dividend rate was fixed at 9%. As of March 22, 2016, the dividend rate was fixed at 9%. Such dividends were not cumulative,
but Bancorp could only declare and pay dividends on the Common Stock (or any other equity securities junior to the Series AA Preferred
Stock) if it had declared and paid dividends for the current dividend period on the Series AA Preferred Stock, and was subject
to other restrictions on its ability to repurchase or redeem other securities. In addition, if Bancorp had not timely declared
and paid dividends on the Series AA Preferred Stock for six dividend periods or more, whether or not consecutive, the Treasury
(or any successor holder of Series AA Preferred Stock) could have designated a representative to attend all meetings of Bancorp s
Board of Directors in a nonvoting observer capacity and Bancorp would have been required to give such representative copies of
all notices, minutes, consents and other materials that Bancorp provided to its directors in connection with such meetings. 

On May 6, 2016, after receiving all required regulatory approvals,
Bancorp redeemed the 12,562 shares of Series AA Preferred Stock that it had previously issued to the Treasury under the SBLF program
for $12,562,000 in accordance with its terms. Bancorp used the proceeds of a $12,562,000 term loan with Raymond James Bank, N.A.
to fund the redemption of the Series AA Preferred Stock. This debt matures one year from commencement, with interest only payments
based upon 30 day LIBOR plus 300 basis points. 

Note 13: Fair Value  

FASB ASC Topic 820  Fair Value Measurements  defines
fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement
date. FASB ASC Topic 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 

The Company utilizes fair value measurements to record fair value
adjustments to certain assets and to determine fair value disclosures. Securities available for sale are recorded at fair value
on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, the Company may be required to record at fair value other assets on a nonrecurring
basis, such as loans held for investment and certain other assets. These nonrecurring fair value adjustments typically involve
application of lower of cost or market accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

Under FASB ASC Topic 820, the Company groups assets and liabilities
at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the reliability of the assumptions
used to determine the fair value. These hierarchy levels are: 

Level 1: Valuations for assets and liabilities
traded in active exchange markets. Valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for market transactions involving
identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Valuations for assets and liabilities
traded in less active dealer or broker markets. Valuations are obtained from third party pricing services for identical or comparable
assets or liabilities which use observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities;
quoted prices in active markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3: Unobservable inputs that are supported
by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

A financial instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. 

Recurring Fair Value Measurements  

All classes of investment securities available for sale are recorded
at fair value using reliable an unbiased evaluations by an industry wide valuation service and therefore fall into a Level 2 of
the fair value hierarchy. The service uses evaluated pricing models that vary based on asset class and include available trade,
bid and other market information. Various methodologies include broker quotes, propriety models, descriptive terms and conditions
databases, and quality control programs. 

26   

Fair value of loans held for sale is based upon outstanding investor
commitments or, in the absence of such commitments, based on current investor yield requirements or third party pricing models
and are considered Level 2. Gains and losses on loan sales are determined using specific identification method. Changes in fair
value are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as part of realized and unrealized gain on mortgage banking activities. 

Interest rate lock commitments are recorded at fair value determined
as the amount that would be required to settle each of these derivatives at the balance sheet date. In the normal course of business,
the Company enters into contractual interest rate lock commitments to extend credit to borrowers with fixed expiration dates. The
commitment becomes effective when the borrower locks in a specified interest rate within the time frames established by the mortgage
division. All borrowers are evaluated for credit worthiness prior to the extension of the commitment. Market risk arises if interest
rates move adversely between the time interest rate is locked by the borrower and the sale date of the loan to an investor. To
mitigate this interest rate risk inherent in providing rate lock commitments to borrowers, the Company enters into best effort
forward sales contracts to sell loans to investors. The forward sales contracts lock in an interest rate price for the sale of
loans similar to the specific rate lock commitment. Rate lock commitments to the borrowers through to the date the loan closes
are undesignated derivatives and accordingly, are marked to fair value in earnings. These valuations fall into a Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy. 

For loans held for investment that were originally intended to be
sold and previously included as loans held for sale, the fair value of these loans is determined by discounting estimated cash
flows using current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining
maturities. 

Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements  

Level 3 is for positions that are not traded in active markets or
are subject to transfer restrictions, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity and/or non-transferability, and such adjustments
are generally based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used. 

Impaired loans are evaluated and valued at the time the loan is
identified as impaired, at the lower of cost or market value. Market value is measured based on the value of the collateral securing
these loans and is classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may be real estate and/or business assets including
equipment, inventory and/or accounts receivable. The value of real estate collateral is determined based on appraisal by qualified
licensed appraisers hired by the Company. The value of business equipment, inventory and accounts receivable collateral is based
on the net book value on the business' financial statements and, if necessary, discounted based on management's review and analysis.
Appraised and reported values may be discounted based on management's historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the
time of valuation, and/or management's expertise and knowledge of the client and client's business. Impaired loans are reviewed
and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly, based on the same factors identified
above. 

Other real estate owned acquired through, or in lieu of, foreclosure
are held for sale and are initially recorded at fair value, less selling costs. Any write-downs to fair value at the time of transfer
to OREO are charged to the allowance for credit losses subsequent to foreclosure. Values are derived from appraisals of underlying
collateral and discounted cash flow analysis. There was an $83 thousand valuation loss recognized during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and valuation losses of $736 thousand recognized for the year ended December 31, 2015. OREO is classified within
Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

The following table sets forth the Company's financial assets and
liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

27   

Assets under fair value option: 

There was one loan for $214 thousand that was originally classified
as held for sale that was downgraded to non-accrual status in the third quarter of 2016. There were no loans held for sale and
held for investment 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest at either September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. Net
gain from the changes included in earnings in fair value of loans held for sale and held for investment was $519 thousand and $69
thousand during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015, respectively. 

The following table sets forth the Company's financial assets and
liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. OREO is
initially recorded at fair value less anticipated costs to sell. Impaired loans are measured using the fair value of collateral,
if applicable. 

28   

At September 30, 2016 OREO consisted of initially recorded value
of $5.4 million, less a valuation allowance of $2.9 million. At December 31, 2016 OREO initially recorded value was $5.2 million,
less a valuation allowance of $2.9 million. The allowance for credit losses on impaired loans was $1.4 million and $1.3 million
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 respectively. 

Various techniques are used to valuate OREO and impaired loans. 
All loans for which the underlying collateral is real estate, either construction, land, commercial, or residential, an independent
appraisal is used to identify the value of the collateral.  The approaches within the appraisal report include sales comparison,
income, and replacement cost analysis.  The resulting value will be adjusted by a selling cost of 9.5% and the residual value
will be used to determine if there is an impairment. Commercial loans and leases and consumer loans utilize a liquidation approach
to the impairment analysis 

The following table presents required information in accordance
with ASC Topic 825  Financial Instruments  at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The fair value of a financial
instrument is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than
in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value estimates are based on quoted market prices where available or calculated using present
value techniques. Since quoted market prices are not available on many of the Bank s financial instruments, estimates may
be based on the present value of estimated future cash flows and estimated discount rates. These financial assets and liabilities
have not been recorded at fair value. 

The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
fair value of financial instruments where it is practical to estimate fair value: 

Securities available-for-sale:  Based on quoted market prices.
If a quoted market price is not available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. 

Nonmarketable equity securities:  Because these securities
are not marketable, the carrying amount approximates the fair value. 

Loans held for sale : Loans held for sale are carried at fair
value. Based on outstanding investor commitments or, in the absence of such commitments, on current investor yield requirements
on third party models. 

29   

Loans held for investment : Determined by discounting estimated
cash flows using current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining
maturities 

Rate lock commitments:  Based on estimate loan closing and
investor delivery rate based on historical experience. 

Loans:  For   variable rate loans the carrying amount
approximates the fair value. For fixed rate loans the fair value is calculated by discounting estimated cash flows using current
rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. The
estimated cash flows do not anticipate prepayments. 

Deposits:  The carrying amount of   non-maturity deposits
such as   demand deposits, money market and saving deposits approximates the fair value. The fair value of deposits with predetermined
maturity dates such as certificate of deposits is estimated by discounting the future cash flows using current rates of similar
deposits with similar remaining maturities. 

Short-term borrowing:  Variable rate repurchase agreements
carrying amounts approximate the fair values at the reporting date. 

Long-term borrowing:  Based on quoted market prices. If quoted
market price is not available, discounted cash flow analyses, based on current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of
instruments. 

Management has made estimates of fair value discount rates that
it believes to be reasonable. However, because there is no market for many of these financial instruments, management has no basis
to determine whether the fair value presented for loans would be indicative of the value negotiated in an actual sale. 

30   

Item 2.  Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

This section is intended to help our stockholders and potential
investors understand our financial performance through a discussion of the factors affecting our consolidated financial condition
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and our consolidated results of operations for the periods ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015. This section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the
consolidated financial statements. 

Overview  

Howard Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for Howard Bank. Howard
Bank is a trust company chartered under Subtitle 2 of Title 3 of the Financial Institutions Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland.
The Bank was formed in March 2004 and commenced banking operations on August 9, 2004. Howard Bank does not exercise trust powers,
and our regulatory structure is the same as a Maryland-chartered commercial bank. As such, our business has consisted primarily
of originating both commercial and real estate loans secured by property in our market area. Typically, commercial real estate
and business loans involve a higher degree of risk and carry a higher yield than one-to four-family residential loans. Although
we plan to continue to focus on commercial customers, we intend to increase our originations of one- to four-family residential
mortgage loans going forward, increasing our portfolio of mortgage lending and also selling select loans into the secondary markets. 

We are headquartered in Ellicott City, Maryland and we consider
our primary market area to be The Greater Baltimore Metropolitan Area. We engage in a general commercial banking business, making
various types of loans and accepting deposits. We market our financial services to small to medium sized businesses and their owners,
professionals and executives, and high-net-worth individuals. Our loans are primarily funded by core deposits of customers in our
market. 

Our core business strategy is to deliver superior customer service
that is supported by an extremely high level of banking sophistication. Our specialized community banking focus on both local markets
and small business related market segments is combined with a broad array of products, new technology and seasoned banking professionals
which positions the Bank differently than most competitors. Our experienced executives establish a relationship with each client
and bring value to all phases of a client s business and personal banking needs. 

Our results of operations depend mainly on our net interest income,
which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our loan and investment portfolios and the interest expense we pay
on deposits and borrowings. Results of operations are also affected by provisions for credit losses, noninterest income and noninterest
expense. Our noninterest expense consists primarily of compensation and employee benefits, as well as office occupancy, loan production
expense, deposit insurance and general administrative and data processing expenses. Our operations are significantly affected by
general economic and competitive conditions, particularly with respect to changes in interest rates, government policies and actions
of regulatory authorities. Future changes in applicable laws, regulations or government policies may materially affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

On August 28, 2015, Bancorp completed its acquisition of Patapsco
Bancorp, Inc., the parent company of The Patapsco Bank, through the merger of Patapsco Bancorp with and into Bancorp. 

Total assets increased by $68.0 million or
7.2% when comparing September 30, 2016 assets of $1.0 billion to the $946.8 million at December 31, 2015. Total loans and leases
outstanding of $816.6 million at the end of September 2016 showed an increase of $56.6 million or 7.5% compared to total loans
and leases of $760.0 million on December 31, 2015. Total deposits grew $56.4 million or 7.5% when comparing September 30, 2016
to December 31, 2015. 

Net income for the first nine months of 2016 was $4.3 million, which
represents an increase of $3.7 million or 563.8% over net income of $655 thousand for the first nine months of 2015. Net interest
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $25.7 million versus $21.2 million for the first nine months of 2015, an
increase of approximately $4.4 million or 20.8%. Total noninterest income was $11.8 million for the first nine months of 2016,
compared to a total of $9.0 million for the same period in 2015. Total noninterest expenses increased to $29.4 million from $27.9
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

Our accounting and financial reporting policies conform to GAAP
and general practice within the banking industry. Accordingly, preparation of the financial statements require management to exercise
significant judgment or discretion or make significant assumptions and estimates based on the information available that have,
or could have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income. These estimates and assumptions affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses
during the periods presented. In reviewing and understanding financial information for us, you are encouraged to read and understand
the significant accounting policies used in preparing our financial statements. The accounting policies we view as critical are
those relating to the allowance for credit losses, goodwill and other intangible assets, business combinations, income taxes and
share based compensation. Significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
- Note 1: Summary of Significant Account Policies  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015.
There have been no changes to the significant accounting policies as described in the Annual Report. Disclosures regarding the
effects of new accounting pronouncements are included in Note 1 of this report. 

31   

Balance Sheet Analysis and Comparison of Financial Condition  

A comparison between September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 balance
sheets is presented below. 

Balance Sheet  

Total assets increased $68.0 million, or 7.2%, to $1.0 billion at
September 30, 2016 compared to $946.8 million at December 31, 2015. This asset growth was primarily a result of an increase in
loans and leases of $56.6 million. In addition, the Bank invested approximately $20.0 million in interest bearing certificates of deposit at other financial institutions.
Partially offsetting the growth in these categories was a decline in investment securities of $11.9 million. Organic loan growth
was funded from increases in customer deposits, which increased by $56.4 million or 7.5% during the first nine months of 2016.
Supplementing the deposit growth was an increase in borrowings of $21.1 million as we increased the level of short-term Federal
Home Loan Bank of Atlanta ( FHLB ) borrowings. As a result of the redemption of our Series AA Preferred Stock in May
2016, as discussed in Notes 1 and 12 to our consolidated financial statements, preferred shareholders  equity decreased from
$12.6 million on December 31, 2015 to $0 at September 30, 2016. As a result, total shareholders  equity declined $8.0 million
despite the increase in retained earnings. 

Securities Available for Sale  

We currently hold U.S. agency and treasury securities, mortgage-backed
securities, stock in another small financial institution and mutual fund investments in our securities portfolio, all of which
are categorized as available for sale. The investment in a mutual fund is a supplement to our community reinvestment program activities.
We use our securities portfolio to provide the required collateral for funding via commercial customer repurchase agreements as
well as to provide sufficient liquidity to fund our loans and provide funds for withdrawals of deposited funds. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 we held an investment in stock of the FHLB. of $4.7 million and $4.2 million, respectively. This investment,
which is required for continued FHLB membership, is based partially upon the dollar amount of borrowings outstanding from the FHLB.
These investments are carried at cost. 

The following tables set forth the composition of our investment
securities portfolio at the dates indicated. 

We had securities available for sale of $37.7 million and $49.6
million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, which were recorded at fair value. This represents a decrease
of $11.9 million, or 23.9%, from year end 2015, all of which was a result of scheduled maturities as well as calls of the securities.
Nearly $30.0 million of our securities portfolio matures in one year or less, giving us the capacity to fund future loan growth
while maintaining an appropriate amount of securities available for use as collateral. We did not record any gains or losses on
the sales or calls of securities for the first nine months of 2016. 

With respect to our portfolio of securities available for sale,
the portfolio contained three securities with unrealized losses of $12 thousand and 19 securities with unrealized losses of $51
thousand at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Changes in the fair value of these securities resulted primarily
from interest rate fluctuations. We do not intend to sell these securities nor is it more likely than not that we would be required
to sell these securities before their anticipated recovery, and we believe the collection of the investment and related interest
is probable. Based on this analysis, we do not consider any of the unrealized losses to be other than temporary impairment losses. 

32   

Loan and Lease Portfolio  

Total loans and leases (which excludes loans held for sale) increased
$56.6 million or 7.5%, to $816.6 million at September 30, 2016 from $760.0 million at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016,
total loans and leases represented 80.5% of total assets, compared to 80.3% of total assets at December 31, 2015. This organic
growth resulted from growth in total real estate loans during the first nine months of 2016, which increased $38.6 million or 6.5%
from December 31, 2015 levels. Residential real estate loans grew $23.0 million and commercial real estate loans (including construction
and land development) grew $30.4 million comparing September 30, 2016 levels to those at December 31, 2015. Commercial loans and
leases remained relatively level increasing just $2.4 million during the first nine months of 2016. 

The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio
at the dates indicated. In addition to the amounts below, we had loans held for sale of $46.3 million at September 30, 2016 and
$49.7 million at December 31, 2015. 

Deposits  

Our deposits increased from $747.4 million at December 31, 2015
to $803.8 million at September 30, 2016, an increase of $56.4 million or 7.5%. Money market accounts had the largest increase -
$24.2 million or 10.5%, followed by: certificates of deposit with growth of $20.0 million or 8.5%; noninterest-bearing demand deposits
with growth of $9.4 million or 5.4%; and interest-bearing demand deposits, which increased by $4.2 million or 7.7%. The only deposit
category that declined was our savings accounts, which decreased $1.5 million or 2.9% during the nine months ended September 30,
2016. 

The following tables set forth the distribution of total deposits,
by account type, at the dates indicated: 

33   

Borrowings  

Customer deposits remain the primary source we utilize to meet funding
needs, but we supplement this with short-term and long-term borrowings. Borrowings have historically consisted of overnight unsecured
master notes, overnight securities sold under agreement to repurchase ( repurchase agreements ), FHLB advances, and
a junior subordinated debenture assumed in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. In the second quarter of 2016  a
variable rate short-term debt  with Raymond James Bank, N.A . was
added to our borrowings to help fund  the redemption of $12.6 million in preferred stock 
issued under the SBLF program.  

Our borrowings totaled $119.9 million at September 30, 2016 and
$98.8 million at December 31, 2015. Short-term borrowings totaled $93.3 million at September 30, 2016 and $69.1 million at December
31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had six long-term FHLB advances outstanding totaling $23.0 million and junior subordinated
debt totaling $3.6 million. 

Shareholders  Equity  

Total shareholders  equity decreased $8.0 million, or approximately
8.6%, from $92.9 million at December 31, 2015 to $84.9 million at September 30, 2016. Changes in shareholders  equity were
primarily the result of Howard Bancorp redeeming all $12.6 million of our Series AA Preferred Stock, partially offset by the retention
of the earnings for the first nine months of 2016. Absent the redemption of the preferred stock, shareholders  equity would
have increased $4.6 million or 5.7% at September 30, 2016 compared to December 31, 2015. 

Total shareholders  equity at September 30, 2016 represents
a capital to asset ratio of 8.4%, while total shareholders  equity at December 31, 2015 represented a capital to asset ratio
of 9.8%. The decrease in the capital asset ratio is similarly the result of the redemption of our Series AA Preferred Stock in
May 2016, partially offset by the retention of the earnings for the first nine months of 2016. 

Average Balance and Yields  

The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields
and costs, and certain other information for the periods indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments were made, as the effect
thereof was not material. All average balances are daily average balances. Non-accrual loans were included in the computation of
average balances, and have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include the effect
of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense. 

34   

(1)    Loan fee income is included in the interest income calculation, and non-accrual loans are included in the average loan base
upon which the interest rate earned on loans is calculated.    

(2)    Includes Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks    

(3)    Available for sale securities are presented at amortized cost.    

(4)    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of
average interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5)    Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    

35   

(1)    Loan fee income is included in the interest income calculation, and non-accrual loans are included in the average loan base
upon which the interest rate earned on loans is calculated.    

(2)    Includes Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks    

(3)    Available for sale securities are presented at amortized cost.    

(4)    Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest-earning assets and the cost of
average interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5)    Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets.    

36   

Rate/Volume Analysis  

The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes
on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes
in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied
by prior rate). The total of the changes set forth in the rate and volume columns are presented in the total column. 

(1)    Change attributed to mix (rate and volume) are included in volume variance    

Comparison of Results of Operations  

A comparison between the nine months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015 is presented below.  

General   

 Net income available to common shareholders increased $3.6 million,
or 645.6%, to $4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $561 thousand for the same period in 2015.
The increase in net income available to common shareholders was primarily driven by a $6.9 million increase in revenues (net interest
income plus noninterest income) partially offset by a $1.5 million increase in noninterest expense. Much of this revenue growth
and the increased operating expenses are attributable the balance sheet growth resulting from our continued strategic and organic
growth initiatives. 

Interest Income   

 Interest income increased $5.6 million, or 23.9%, to $29.0 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $23.4 million for the same period in 2015. The increase was almost entirely
due to a $5.4 million, or 23.4%, increase in interest and fees on loans and leases (including loans held for sale). The increase
in interest and fees on loans and leases, in turn, was due to a $184.8 million or 29.9% increase in the average balance of loans
and leases, largely as a result of the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition, partially offset by a 23 basis point decrease in the yield
on these assets. Increases in interest and dividends on securities and other interest income, as a result of increased average
volumes and  average yield on these assets, also contributed to the increase in total interest
income. 

37   

Interest Expense   

 Interest expense increased $1.2 million, or 54.4%, to $3.3 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $2.2 million for the same period in 2015. Interest expense on deposits
increased $692 thousand or 37.1% period over period as a direct result of the $151.0 million or 33.8% increase in average interest-bearing
deposits we experienced, largely attributable to the deposits we acquired in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. Overall, the average
rate paid on our interest-bearing deposits remained relatively unchanged when comparing the first nine months of 2016 to the same
period in 2015. We were able to keep our cost of funds stable despite the 10 basis point increases in the average rates paid on
time deposits by attracting and maintaining lower-cost money market accounts. Average money market balances grew 62.3% when comparing
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the same period last year, while the average rate on these deposits decreased slightly
over the same period in 2015. 

Interest expense on borrowings increased $479 thousand or 167.5%
period over period as a result of increases in both the average volume and average rate of our borrowings. There were two main
reasons for these increases. The first was an increase in the average balance of and average rate on our long-term borrowings resulting
from the $3.4 million of debt we assumed in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. The second was the increase in the average balance
of and the average rate paid on our short-term borrowings resulting from the $12.6 million  variable
rate debt  we incurred to fund the redemption of our outstanding preferred stock as discussed above. It is important to note
that while our Series AA Preferred Stock was outstanding we were paying a dividend on the stock, which was not a component of interest
expense, while the additional $12.6 million in borrowings used to redeem the preferred stock has associated interest payments,
which is now a component of interest expense. 

Net Interest Income   

 Net interest income is our largest source of operating revenue.
Net interest income is affected by various factors including changes in interest rates and the composition of interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities and maturities. Net interest income is determined by the interest rate spread (i.e., the
difference between the yields earned on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities) and the relative
amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income increased $4.4 million, or 20.8%, during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015. As would be expected, the impact
of the additional interest expense on increased borrowing used to redeem our outstanding Series AA Preferred Stock as well as reduction
in loan yields resulted in a decrease in our net interest margin from 4.05% for the first nine months of 2015 to 3.78% for the
first nine months of 2016. 

Provision for Credit Losses   

 We establish a provision for credit losses, which is a charge to
earnings, in order to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level we consider adequate to absorb credit losses incurred
in the loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. In determining the level of the
allowance for credit losses, management considers past and current loss experience, evaluations of real estate collateral, current
economic conditions, volume and type of lending, adverse situations that may affect a borrower s ability to repay a loan
and the levels of nonperforming loans. The amount of the allowance is based on estimates and actual losses may vary from such estimates
as more information becomes available or economic conditions change. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires estimates
that are susceptible to significant revision as circumstances change as more information becomes available. The allowance for credit
losses is assessed on a quarterly basis and provisions are made for credit losses as required in order to maintain the allowance. 

Based on management s evaluation of the above factors, we
had a provision for credit losses of $1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1.0 million for the
same period in 2015, an increase of $287 thousand or 28.3%. The provision for 2016 reflects additional general provisions that
are required given the continued growth in the size of our loan portfolio, while maintaining specific provisions required on loans
that are individually evaluated and deemed to be impaired. 

Management analyzes the allowance for credit losses as described
in the section entitled  Allowance for Credit Losses.  The provision that is recorded is sufficient, in management s
judgment, to bring the allowance for credit losses to a level that reflects the losses inherent in our loan portfolio relative
to loan mix, economic conditions and historical loss experience. Management believes, to the best of its knowledge, that all known
losses as of the balance sheet dates have been recorded. However, although management uses the best information available to make
determinations with respect to the provisions for credit losses, additional provisions for credit losses may be required to be
established in the future should economic or other conditions change substantially. In addition, as an integral part of their examination
process, the Commissioner and the FDIC will periodically review the allowance for credit losses. The Commissioner and the FDIC
may require us to recognize additions to the allowance based on their analysis of information available to them at the time of
their examination. 

Noninterest Income   

 Noninterest income was $11.8 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $9.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, a $2.8 million or 30.5% increase. Noninterest income
levels during 2016 continue to be driven by growth in our mortgage banking activities. Due to higher levels of mortgage loans sold
into the secondary market, realized and unrealized gains on the sale of loans produced approximately $7.0 million in noninterest
revenues for the first nine months of 2016 compared to $5.4 million for the same period of 2015. Noninterest income also benefited
from a $652 thousand one-time gain on the sale of an acquired impaired loan during the second quarter of 2016 partially offset
by a $40 thousand loss on a similar credit in the third quarter of 2016. In addition, earnings on bank owned life insurance ( BOLI )
increased $183 thousand comparing the first nine months of 2016 to the first nine months of 2015 as a result of the Bank purchasing
an additional $2.2 million in BOLI in January 2016, as well as the addition of the BOLI acquired in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition.
Loan fee income, which is associated with the origination of portfolio and held for sale loans, increased $491 thousand as a direct
result of the increase in the number of loans originated period over period. 

38   

Noninterest Expenses   

 Noninterest expenses increased $1.5 million, or 5.5%, to $29.4 million
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $27.8 million for the same period of 2015. The primary driver in noninterest
expense variances was the impact of the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. Incremental infrastructure and increased staffing to support
growth continue to contribute to rising noninterest expenses, while the lack of merger and restructuring costs associated with
the acquisition, which were $3.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, mitigated the impact of many of the increased
non-interest expenses during the 2016 period. 

Compensation and benefit expenses, which increased $1.9 million
or 15.6% when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the nine months ended September 30, 2015, continue to represent
the largest percentage of noninterest expense. The increased compensation and benefit costs resulted from the effects of successfully
attracting a sizable commercial loan origination team and the larger infrastructure (including acquired branches) resulting from
the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition as well as continuing organic growth in both portfolio and mortgage loan originations. In this
regard, the number of our full time equivalent (FTE) employees increased from 220 at September 30, 2015 to nearly 270 at September
30, 2016. In addition, occupancy and equipment expense for the 2016 period increased $815 thousand compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 due to the increased number of locations we operated during the 2016 period compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. Additionally, we incurred approximately $500 thousand in occupancy cost to exit lease agreements on three
branch locations that we closed in the second quarter of 2016. 

Growth initiatives and the implementation of mobile banking and
other electronic banking delivery channels continued to result in increases in many of our noninterest expenses during 2016. Cost
increases related to this expansion when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the same period last year include:
marketing and business development - $382 thousand; professional fees - $612 thousand; data processing - $371 thousand; and FDIC
assessment - $289 thousand. In addition, loan production expense, which includes costs related to originating, closing and securitizing
loans, including both loans placed in our portfolio and loans held for sale, increased $761 thousand to $2.3 million during the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of the increased number of loans originated during the 2016 period compared to
the comparable period of 2015. 

Net Income Available to Common Shareholders   

 Net income available to common shareholders for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 increased $3.6 million to $4.2 million compared to net income available to common shareholders of $561
thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. This increase was due to the increases in net interest income and noninterest
income partially offset by an increase in noninterest expenses, as discussed above. 

Pretax income increased by $5.4 million from $1.4 million in the
first nine months of 2015 to $6.8 million in the first nine months of 2016. 

Basic earnings per common share (EPS) for the first nine months
of 2016 were $0.60 compared to $0.09 for the same nine month period in 2015, representing an increase of $0.51. This significant
EPS growth was achieved even with the 18% increase in the average shares outstanding for 2016 resulting from our common stock offering
in  June 2015 and shares issued in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition in the third quarter of 2015. 

A comparison between the three months ended September 30, 2016
and September 30, 2015 is presented below.  

General   

 Net income available to common shareholders increased $2.6 million,
or over 100%, to $1.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a loss of $817 thousand for the three months
ended September 30, 2015. This resulted in basic earnings per common share of $0.25 for the third quarter 2016 compared to a loss
of $0.13 for the same period of 2015. 

Interest Income   

 Interest income increased $1.3 million, or 15.7%, to $9.8 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $8.5 million for the same period of 2015. The increase was almost entirely
due to a $1.3 million, or 15.2%, increase in interest income and fees on loans and leases (including loans held for sale). This
increase, in turn, resulted from a $136.2 million increase in average loan and lease balances, primarily as a result of the Patapsco
Bancorp acquisition, partially offset by a 16 basis point decrease in the average yield on these assets when comparing the three
months ended September 30, 2016 to the same period of 2015. In addition, the average balance of securities decreased slightly,
by $616 thousand, while their average yield increased 34 basis points during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period
in the prior year, resulting in increased interest and dividends on securities income of $38 thousand or 56.0% quarter over quarter. 

39   

Interest Expense   

 Interest expense increased $368 thousand, or 45.5%, to $1.2 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $808 thousand for the same period of 2015. Deposit interest expense
increased $198 thousand and interest on borrowings increased $170 thousand quarter over quarter. These increases were the result
of increases in both the average balance of and average rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. Average interest
bearing deposits grew $117.0 million or 24.0% quarter over quarter driven primarily by the deposits acquired in the Patapsco Bancorp
acquisition, while the primary reason for the $7.7 million or 10.0% increase in borrowing levels was the $3.4 million of debt we
assumed in the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition and the $12.6 million variable rate debt we incurred to fund the redemption of our
Series AA Preferred Stock, as discussed above. The average rate paid on our interest-bearing liabilities increased to 0.68% during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 from 0.57% during the same period of 2015; the rate paid on our deposits increased three
basis points, while the average rate paid on our borrowings increased 74 basis points during the three months ended September 30,
2016 compared to the same period of 2015 as a result of the acquired Patapsco Bancorp debt and the debt used to redeem the preferred
stock. 

Net Interest Income   

 As a result of the changes in our interest income and interest expense
discussed above, our net interest income increased $967 thousand, or 12.6%, during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. As is to be expected given the 45.5% increase in interest expense, driven largely
by the additional borrowings to fund the preferred stock redemption, while interest income grew only 15.7% during the third quarter
of 2016 versus the same period in 2015, our net interest margin decreased from 3.94% for the third quarter of 2015 to 3.76% for
the third quarter of 2016. 

Provision for Credit Losses   

 Based on management s evaluation of all of the relevant loan
loss methodology factors, we had a provision for credit losses of $402 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to $230 thousand for the same period in 2015, an increase of $172 thousand or 74.8%. 

Noninterest Income   

 Noninterest income was $4.4 million for the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to $3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015, a $1.1 million or 34.6% increase. This increase
was primarily due to increases of $937 thousand in income generated from the mortgage banking activities, $149 thousand in loan
fee income and $53 thousand in BOLI income, partially offset by a $40 thousand loss on the sale of an impaired loan during the
2016 period, when comparing the third quarter of 2016 to the third quarter of 2015. 

Noninterest Expenses   

 Noninterest expenses decreased by $1.7 million, or 14.8%, during
the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The largest contributor to this
decrease was the $2.2 million decrease in merger and restructuring costs as a result of incurring no such costs during the 2016
period; such expenses incurred during the 2015 period were related to the NBRS Financial Bank (which we acquired in 2014) systems
conversion and the Patapsco Bancorp acquisition. As discussed above with respect to the nine month period comparison, increased
costs to support expanding infrastructure, growth initiatives and delivery strategies are the primary reason for the increases
in many noninterest expense categories quarter over quarter. In this regard, increases quarter over quarter were compensation and
employee benefits of $275 thousand, occupancy of $131 thousand, professional fees of $283 thousand, data processing cost of $176
thousand, and loan production cost of $117 thousand. 

Nonperforming and Problem Assets  

Management performs reviews of all delinquent loans and our loan
officers contact customers to attempt to resolve potential credit issues in a timely manner. When in the best interests of the
Bank and the customer, we will do a troubled debt restructure with respect to a particular loan. When not possible, we are aggressively
moving loans through the legal and foreclosure process within applicable legal constraints. 

Loans are generally placed on non-accrual status when payment of
principal or interest is 90 days or more past due and the value of the collateral securing the loan, if any, is less than the outstanding
balance of the loan. Loans are also placed on non-accrual status if management has serious doubt about further collectability of
principal or interest on the loan, even though the loan is currently performing. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, unpaid
accrued interest is fully reversed, and further income is recognized only to the extent received. The loan may be returned to accrual
status if the loan is brought current, has performed in accordance with the contractual terms for a reasonable period of time and
ultimate collectability of the total contractual principal and interest is no longer in doubt. 

40   

The table below sets forth the amounts and categories of our nonperforming
assets, which consist of non-accrual loans, troubled debt restructurings and OREO (which includes real estate acquired through,
or in lieu of, foreclosure), at the dates indicated. 

Included in non-accrual loans at September 30, 2016 are three troubled
debt restructured loans totaling $810 thousand that were not performing in accordance with their modified terms, and the accrual
of interest has ceased. Further, there were seven troubled debt restructured loans totaling $3.4 million performing subject to
their modified terms at September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, loans 90 days or more past due and still accruing interest consisted
of the following: 

One construction and land loan in the amount of $2 thousand.   

Two residential junior liens totaling $9 thousand.   

Two consumer loans totaling $28 thousand.   

Under GAAP, we are required to account for certain loan modifications
or restructurings as  troubled debt restructurings.  In general, the modification or restructuring of a debt constitutes
a troubled debt restructuring if the Bank, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties,
grants a concession, such as a reduction in the effective interest rate, to the borrower that we would not otherwise consider.
A debt restructuring or loan modification for a borrower, however, does not necessarily constitute a troubled debt restructuring. 

Nonperforming assets amounted to $11.9 million, or 1.18% of total
assets, at September 30, 2016 compared to $12.7 million, or 1.35% of total assets, at December 31, 2015. Total nonperforming assets
decreased $813 thousand or 6.4% during the first nine months of 2016. There was an additional valuation allowance of $83 thousand
recorded on one property during the first nine months of 2016 as the current appraised value, less estimated cost to sell, was
not sufficient to cover the recorded OREO amount. 

The composition of our nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016
is further described below: 

Non-Accrual Loans:  

Two residential first lien loans totaling $462 thousand.   

Two residential junior liens totaling $28 thousand.   

Two commercial owner occupied loans totaling $519 thousand.   

41   

Six commercial non-owner occupied loans totaling $1.1 million, four of which represent one relationship.   

28 commercial loans totaling $3.7 million, seven with a Small Business Administration ( SBA ) guarantee and eight
that include a specific reserve totaling $1.3 million.   

One consumer loan in the amount of $140 thousand with a specific reserve of $72 thousand.   

Accruing Troubled Debt Restructured Loans:  

Two construction and land loans totaling $413 thousand.   

One residential first lien in the amount of $296 thousand.   

One owner occupied commercial real estate loan in the amount of $441 thousand   

One non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan in the amount of $2.1 million.   

Two commercial loans totaling $198 thousand.   

Allowance for Credit Losses  

We provide for credit losses based upon the consistent application
of our documented allowance for credit loss methodology. All credit losses are charged to the allowance for credit losses and all
recoveries are credited to it. Additions to the allowance for credit losses are provided by charges to income based on various
factors which, in our judgment, deserve current recognition in estimating probable losses. We regularly review the loan portfolio
and make provisions for credit losses in order to maintain the allowance for credit losses in accordance with GAAP. The allowance
for credit losses consists primarily of two components: 

1)  Specific allowances are established for loans classified as Substandard or Doubtful. For loans classified as impaired, the
allowance is established when the net realizable value (collateral value less costs to sell) of the impaired loan is lower than
the carrying amount of the loan. The amount of impairment provided for as a specific allowance is represented by the deficiency,
if any, between the underlying collateral value and the carrying value of the loan. Impaired loans for which the estimated fair
value of the loan, or the loan s observable market price or the fair value of the underlying collateral, if the loan is collateral
dependent, exceeds the carrying value of the loan are not considered in establishing specific allowances for credit losses; and   

2)  General allowances established for credit losses on a portfolio basis for loans that do not meet the definition of impaired
loans. The portfolio is grouped into similar risk characteristics, primarily loan type and regulatory classification. We apply
an estimated loss rate to each loan group. The loss rates applied are based upon our loss experience adjusted, as appropriate,
for the qualitative factors discussed below. This evaluation is inherently subjective, as it requires material estimates that may
be susceptible to significant revisions based upon changes in economic and real estate market conditions.   

The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level to provide
for losses that are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance
is based on Howard Bank s past credit loss experience, known and inherent losses in the portfolio, adverse situations that
may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio,
current economic conditions and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates
that may be susceptible to significant change, including the amounts and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on
impaired loans. 

A loan is considered past due or delinquent when a contractual payment
is not paid on the day it is due. A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that
Howard Bank will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms
of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value and
the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays
and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment
shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including
the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record and the amount of the shortfall in
relation to the principal and interest owed. The impairment of a loan may be measured based on the present value of expected future
cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate, or the fair value of the collateral if repayment is expected
to be provided by the collateral. Generally, Howard Bank s impairment on such loans is measured by reference to the fair
value of the collateral. Interest income on impaired loans is recognized on the cash basis. 

Our loan policies state that after all collection efforts have been
exhausted, and the loan is deemed to be a loss, then the remaining loan balance will be charged to the established allowance for
credit losses. All loans are evaluated for loss potential once it has been determined by the Watch Committee that the likelihood
of repayment is in doubt. When a loan is past due for at least 90 days or a deterioration in debt service coverage ratio, guarantor
liquidity, or loan-to-value ratio has occurred that would cause concern regarding the likelihood of the full repayment of principal
and interest, and the loan is deemed not to be well secured, the loan should be moved to non-accrual status and a specific reserve
is established if the net realizable value is less than the principal value of the loan balance(s). Once the actual loss value
has been determined a charge-off against the allowance for credit losses for the amount of the loss is taken. Each loss is evaluated
on its specific facts regarding the appropriate timing to recognize the loss. 

42   

The adjustments to historical loss experience are based on our evaluation
of several qualitative factors, including: 

changes in lending policies, procedures, practices or personnel;   

changes in the level and composition of construction portfolio and related risks;   

changes and migration of classified assets;   

changes in exposure to subordinate collateral lien positions;   

levels and composition of existing guarantees on loans by SBA or other agencies;   

changes in national, state and local economic trends and business conditions;   

changes and trends in levels of loan payment delinquencies; and   

any other factors that managements considers relevant to the quality or performance of the loan portfolio.   

We evaluate the allowance for credit losses based upon the combined
total of the specific and general components. Generally when the loan portfolio increases, absent other factors, the allowance
for credit loss methodology results in a higher dollar amount of estimated probable losses than would be the case without the increase.
Generally when the loan portfolio decreases, absent other factors, the allowance for credit loss methodology results in a lower
dollar amount of estimated probable losses than would be the case without the decrease. 

Commercial and commercial real estate loans generally have greater
credit risks compared to the one- to four-family residential mortgage loans we originate, as they typically involve larger loan
balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, the payment experience on loans secured
by income-producing properties typically depends on the successful operation of the related business and thus may be subject to
a greater extent to adverse conditions in the real estate market and in the general economy. Actual credit losses may be significantly
more than the allowance for credit losses we have established, which could have a material negative effect on our financial results. 

Generally, we underwrite commercial loans based on cash flow and
business history and receive personal guarantees from the borrowers where appropriate. We generally underwrite commercial real
estate loans and residential real estate loans at a loan-to-value ratio of 85% or less at origination. Accordingly, in the event
that a loan becomes past due and, randomly with respect to performing loans, we will conduct visual inspections of collateral properties
and/or review publicly available information, such as online databases, to ascertain property values. We will also obtain formal
appraisals on a regular basis even if we are not considering liquidation of the property to repay a loan. It is our practice to
obtain updated appraisals if there is a material change in market conditions or if we become aware of new or additional facts that
indicate a potential material reduction in the value of any individual property collateral. 

For impaired loans, we utilize the appraised value in determining
the appropriate specific allowance for credit losses attributable to a loan. In addition, changes in the appraised value of multiple
properties securing our loans may result in an increase or decrease in our general allowance for credit losses as an adjustment
to our historical loss experience due to qualitative and environmental factors, as described above. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, nonperforming loans
were $9.4 million and $10.4 million, respectively. The amount of impaired loans requiring specific reserves totaled $1.4 million
at September 30, 2016 and $1.3 million at December 31, 2015. The amount of impaired loans not in need of a specific valuation allowance
totaled $7.8 million and $10.0 million, respectively, at such dates. 

Nonperforming loans are evaluated and valued at the time the loan
is identified as impaired on a case by case basis, at the lower of cost or market value. Market value is measured based on the
value of the collateral securing the loan. The value of real estate collateral is determined based on an appraisal by qualified
licensed appraisers hired by us. Appraised values may be discounted based on management s historical experience, changes
in market conditions from the time of valuation, and/or management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s
business. The difference between the appraised value and the principal balance of the loan will determine the specific allowance
valuation required for the loan, if any. Nonperforming loans are reviewed and evaluated on at least a quarterly basis for additional
impairment and adjusted accordingly. 

We evaluate the loan portfolio on at least a quarterly basis, more
frequently if conditions warrant, and the allowance is adjusted accordingly. While we use the best information available to make
evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if conditions differ substantially from the information used
in making the evaluations. In addition, as an integral part of their examination process, the Commissioner and the FDIC will periodically
review the allowance for credit losses. The Commissioner and the FDIC may require us to recognize additions to the allowance based
on their analysis of information available to them at the time of their examination. 

43   

The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for credit
losses for the periods indicated: 

Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses  

The following tables set forth the allowance for credit losses allocated
by loan category and the percent of loans in each category to total loans at the dates indicated. The allowance for credit losses
allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not restrict the
use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. 

(1)  Represents the percent of loans in each category to total loans, not the composition of the allowance for credit losses.   

44   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations.
Our primary sources of funds consist of deposit inflows, loan repayments, advances from the FHLB, principal repayments and the
sale of securities available for sale. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources
of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition.
Our Asset Liability Committee is responsible for establishing and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure
that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of our customers as well as unanticipated
contingencies. We believe that we have enough sources of liquidity to satisfy our short- and long-term liquidity needs as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. We regularly monitor and adjust our investments in liquid assets based upon our assessment of: 

1)  Expected loan demand;   

2)  Expected deposit flows and borrowing maturities;   

3)  Yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and   

4)  The objectives of our asset/liability management program.   

Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning
deposits and short-term securities. 

Our most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents. The level
of these assets is dependent on our operating, financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents totaled $43.9 million and $38.3 million, respectively. 

Our cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing
activities and financing activities as reported in our statements of cash flows included in our financial statements. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we had $130.8 million
and $167.7 million, respectively, in loan commitments outstanding, including commitments issued to originate loans of $55.2 million
and $95.0 million at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, and $75.6 million and $72.7 million in unused lines
of credit to borrowers at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. In addition to commitments to originate loans
and unused lines of credit we had $6.9 million and $7.8 million in letters of credit at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
respectively. Certificates of deposit due within one year of September 30, 2016 totaled $164.7 million, or 20.5% of total deposits.
If we do not retain these deposits, we may be required to seek other sources of funds, including loan and securities sales and
FHLB advances. Depending on market conditions, we may be required to pay higher rates on our deposits or other borrowings than
we currently pay on the certificates of deposit. We believe, however, based on historical experience and current market interest
rates that we will retain upon maturity a large portion of our certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less. 

Our primary investing activity is originating loans.
During the first nine months of 2016 cash was utilized to increase our portfolio of loans by $56.8 million. For the same
period of 2015, cash used to fund our loan portfolio totaled $47.5 million. During the first nine months of 2016 we utilized
cash to purchase additional securities totaling $65.6 million while receiving $77.5 million as a result of securities
maturing. For the same period in 2015 we purchased additional securities totaling $13.9 million and we received $42.5 million
in security maturities. During the first nine months of 2016, we invested $19.5 million in short term certificates of deposit
at other financial institutions. 

Financing activities consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts
and FHLB advances. We experienced a net increase in deposits of $56.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.
Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by us and our local
competitors, and by other factors. 

Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business
management. If we require funds beyond our ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the FHLB that provide
an additional source of funds. FHLB advances were $91.5 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $78.5 million at December 31,
2015. At September 30, 2016, we had the ability to borrow up to a total of $217.0 million based upon our credit availability at
the FHLB, subject to collateral requirements. 

The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements,
including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework
for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. At
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements. The Bank is considered  well
capitalized  under regulatory guidelines. 

45   

Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk
in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our customers. These financial instruments are limited to commitments
to originate loans and involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. These do not represent
unusual risks, and management does not anticipate any losses which would have a material effect on us. 

Outstanding loan commitments and lines of credit at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 are as follows: 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer
as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. We generally require collateral to support financial
instruments with credit risk on the same basis as we do for balance sheet instruments. Management generally bases the collateral
required on the credit evaluation of the counterparty. Commitments generally have interest rates at current market rates, expiration
dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Available credit lines represent the unused portion of lines
of credit previously extended and available to the customer so long as there is no violation of any contractual condition. These
lines generally have variable interest rates. Since we expect many of the commitments to expire without being drawn upon, and since
it is unlikely that all customers will draw upon their lines of credit in full at any one time, the total commitment amount or
line of credit amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We evaluate each customer s credit-worthiness
on a case-by-case basis. Because we conservatively underwrite these facilities at inception, we have not had to withdraw any commitments.
We are not aware of any loss that we would incur by funding our commitments or lines of credit. 

The credit risk involved in these financial instruments is essentially
the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. No amount has been recognized in the statement of financial
condition at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015 as a liability for credit loss related to these commitments. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices  

Our financial statements and related notes have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP. GAAP generally requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical
dollars without consideration of changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation
is reflected in the increased cost of our operations. Unlike industrial companies, our assets and liabilities are primarily monetary
in nature. As a result, changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation. 

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk  

Not applicable 

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures  

As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q Bancorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of Bancorp s disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange
Act ). Based upon that evaluation, Bancorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that Bancorp s
disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of September 30, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and
other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Bancorp in the reports that it files
or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. 

In addition, there were no changes in Bancorp s internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Bancorp s internal control over financial reporting. 

46   

PART II - Other Information  

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings  

From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to
claims arising out of our normal course of business. As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any material pending litigation
matters. 

Item 1A.  Risk
Factors  

There have been no material changes in the risk factors from those
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2016. 

Item 2.  Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

None 

Item 3.  Defaults
Upon Senior Securities  

None 

Item 4.  Mine
Safety Disclosures  

Not applicable 

Item 5.  Other
Information  

None 

Item 6.  Exhibits  

31(a)          Certification
of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 - filed herewith 

31(b)          Certification
of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 - filed herewith 

32               Certifications
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   filed herewith 

101             Extensible
Business Reporting Language ( XBRL )   filed herewith 

47   

Signatures  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HOWARD BANCORP, INC.   

(Registrant)   

November 14,   2016 
       
      /s/ Mary Ann Scully   
 
      Date  
       
      MARY ANN SCULLY   

PRESIDENT AND CEO   

November 14,   2016 
       
      /s/ George C. Coffman   
 
      Date  
       
      GEORGE C. COFFMAN   

EVP AND CFO   

48   

<EX-31.A>
 2
 v452170_ex31a.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(A)

Exhibit 31(a): 

CERTIFICATION  

I, Mary Ann Scully, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Howard Bancorp, Inc.;   

2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Mary Ann Scully  

Mary Ann Scully  

President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 v452170_ex31b.htm
 EXHIBIT 31(B)

Exhibit 31(b): 

CERTIFICATION  

I, George C. Coffman, certify that: 

1)  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Howard Bancorp, Inc.;   

2)  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3)  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5)  The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ George C. Coffman  

George C. Coffman  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 v452170_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

Certification  

  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350  

  As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of Howard Bancorp, Inc., each hereby certify, to the best of his or
her knowledge and belief, that: 

2)  The information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of Howard Bancorp, Inc.   

Date November 14, 2016 
     By: 
     /s/ Mary Ann Scully  

Mary Ann Scully  

President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  

By: 
     /s/ George C. Coffman  

George C. Coffman  

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

This certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document, and may not be disclosed, distributed
or used by any person for any reason other than as specifically required by law. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 hbmd-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hbmd-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hbmd-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hbmd-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hbmd-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hbmd-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

