<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161104_10-Q_edgar_data_1017968_0001193125-16-759759_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2763198</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105940</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>258124</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>428648</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1106393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>740407</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>20</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-759759.hdr.sgml : 20161104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161104110527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-759759
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY INC/DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001017968
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				710788538
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-20971
		FILM NUMBER:		161974061

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 HARVARD MILL SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-213-9854

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 HARVARD MILL SQUARE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 210
		CITY:			WAKEFIELD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01880

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAFFMARK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960702

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-759759.txt : 20161104

10-Q
 1
 d246294d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or       
 
  for the transition period from
                             to
                               
  Commission file number: 000-20971        
    
  E DGEWATER  T ECHNOLOGY , I NC .   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)        
        
    Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (781) 246-3343   
         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer,  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one):  

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares of Common Stock of the Registrant,
par value $.01 per share, outstanding at October 31, 2016 was 12,377,512.      

Table of Contents  

     EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.   
  FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   
  INDEX       

Page  

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1 - Financial Statements    

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015   

3 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three
 and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

4 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended
 September 30, 2016 and 2015   

5 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   

6 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations    

Business Overview   

16 

Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016, Compared to Results
 for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

18 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

23 

Acquisitions, Earnout Payments and Commitments   

24 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements, Contractual Obligations and Contingent Liabilities
 and Commitments   

25 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   

25 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements   

25 

Risk Factors   

25 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements   

26 

Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk    

26 

Item 4 - Controls and Procedures    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

26 

Changes in Controls and Procedures   

27 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1 - Legal Proceedings    

27 

Item 1A - Risk Factors    

27 

Item 2 - Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds    

27 

Item 3 - Defaults upon Senior Securities    

27 

Item 4 - Mine Safety Disclosures    

28 

Item 5 - Other Information    

28 

Item 6 - Exhibits    

28 

Signatures    

29 

2  

Table of Contents  

     PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.   
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)       
   See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.   
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   
  (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)       
   See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.   
    UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (In Thousands)       
   See notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.   
    NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

1.  
  ORGANIZATION:       Edgewater Technology, Inc. helps C-suite executives drive
transformational change through its unique selection of business and technology services and channel-based solutions.    Classic consulting
disciplines (such as business advisory, process improvement, organizational change management, M A due diligence, and domain expertise) are blended with technical services (such as digital transformation, technical roadmaps, data and analytics
services, custom development and system integration) to help organizations leverage investments in legacy IT assets to create new digital business models.  
 Implementing both on premise and in the cloud, Edgewater offers two major channel-based services. In the Oracle channel, Edgewater Ranzal
provides Business Analytics solutions leveraging Oracle Enterprise Performance Management ( EPM ), Business Intelligence ( BI ) and Big Data technologies. In the Microsoft channel, Edgewater Fullscope delivers Dynamics AX
ERP, Business Intelligence and Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) solutions primarily in the manufacturing space.    In this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the  Form 10-Q ), we use the terms  Edgewater,   Edgewater Technology,   we,   our Company,   the Company,   our  and  us  to refer
to Edgewater Technology, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, which are described in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 11, 2016 (the  2015 Form
10-K ).      

2.  
  BASIS OF PRESENTATION:       The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared by Edgewater pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding interim financial reporting. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in annual financial statements prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been omitted pursuant to those rules and regulations, although we believe that the disclosures made are adequate to ensure the information presented is not misleading.
   The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (which were of a normal, recurring nature)
that, in the opinion of management, are necessary to present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the interim periods presented. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in the accompanying
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in our 2015 Form 10-K.  
 The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected
for any future period or the full fiscal year. Our revenue and earnings may fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter based on factors within and outside our control, including variability in demand for information technology professional services, the
length of the sales cycle associated with our service offerings, the number, size and scope of our projects and the efficiency with which we utilize our employees.  
 Other comprehensive income consists of net income plus or minus any currency translation adjustments.  

3.  
  BUSINESS COMBINATIONS:        M2 Dynamics Inc. ( M2
Dynamics ):    On December 21, 2015, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and certain liabilities of M2 Dynamics Inc., pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  M2 Dynamics
Acquisition ). Headquartered in Irvine, California, M2 Dynamics is an Oracle Platinum Partner providing Oracle EPM and BI solutions and services, primarily to the West Coast and southern regions of the United States. M2 Dynamics joined the
Company s Edgewater Ranzal business in providing clients with information technology consultancy services specializing in Business Analytics and encompassing EPM, BI and Big Data solutions.  
 The Company initially estimated total fair value of the purchase price consideration to be $19.8 million. The initial cash consideration paid
at close consisted of the $16.1 million base purchase price plus $596 thousand attributable to a net working capital adjustment. The total purchase price was increased by $3.0 million, representing the adjusted fair value estimate of additional
contingent earnout consideration that may be earned by M2 Dynamics, which is described in more detail below.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

  During the quarter ended March 31, 2016, the Company increased total purchase price
consideration of the M2 Dynamics Acquisition, resulting in an increase to the carrying value of goodwill, by $93 thousand. The increase is attributable to the final true-up of excess net working capital delivered by M2 Dynamics at the closing of the
transaction.    The M2 Dynamics financial accounting measurement period was completed during the first quarter of 2016.  
 The Company, as of September 30, 2016, had accrued $3.6 million in potential future contingent earnout consideration payable to M2 Dynamics
related to the completion of the one-year earnout period. The maximum amount of contingent earnout consideration that M2 Dynamics can earn during the earnout period is capped at $6.6 million (and is not impacted by continued employment status of M2
Dynamics shareholders).    In addition to the above payments, the Company incurred approximately $1.2 million in direct transaction costs.
Direct acquisition costs were $430 thousand during the three-month period ended March 31, 2016 and $801 thousand during the three-month period ended December 31, 2015. The direct acquisition costs were expensed (within direct acquisition
costs on the condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income) as incurred.    In connection with the M2 Dynamics Acquisition, the
Company made certain estimates related to the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contingent earnout consideration, identified intangibles and goodwill.  
 The Company performed a fair value allocation of the purchase price among assets, liabilities and identified intangible assets. The allocation
of the purchase price was as follows:      
   The M2 Dynamics Acquisition was accounted for as a purchase transaction, and accordingly, the results of
comprehensive income, commencing December 21, 2015, are included in the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income.  
 The Company recorded total revenues attributed to M2 Dynamics of $2.9 million and $9.1 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, respectively. Non-cash expenses associated with amortization of purchased intangible assets as well as the accretion of contingent earnout consideration totaled $740 thousand and $2.2 million, which was a significant factor in
the overall net loss of M2 Dynamics of $(86) thousand and $(44) thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively.  
 The following table sets forth supplemental pro forma financial information that assumes the acquisition of M2 Dynamics was completed at the
beginning of 2015. The information for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015 includes the historical results of Edgewater and M2 Dynamics. The pro forma results include estimates and assumptions regarding the amortization
of intangible assets recognized as part of the acquisition and income taxes. The pro forma results, as presented, are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the date indicated, or that
may result in the future.      
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

   Acquisition of Branchbird LLC ( Branchbird ):    On August 17,
2015, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Branchbird, pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Branchbird Acquisition ). Headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, Branchbird delivers Big Data
solutions to their clients utilizing the Oracle Endeca and Big Data Discovery (BDD) products. The Branchbird Acquisition extends Ranzal s presence in the Midwest.  
 The Company determined the total allocable purchase price consideration to be $4.2 million. The initial cash consideration paid at closing was
$2.7 million, net of $19 thousand attributable to a net working capital adjustment. The total purchase price was increased by $1.4 million, representing our initial estimate of the fair value of additional contingent earnout consideration that may
be earned by Branchbird, which is described in more detail below. In addition to the above payments, the Company incurred approximately $340 thousand in direct transaction costs, which were expensed (within direct acquisition costs on the
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income) during the year ended December 31, 2015.    An earnout agreement was entered
into in connection with the Branchbird Acquisition under which Branchbird is eligible to receive additional contingent consideration. Contingent earnout consideration to be paid, if any, to Branchbird will be based upon the achievement of certain
performance measures (and is not impacted by continued employment status of Branchbird owners) over two consecutive one-year earnout periods, concluding on August 16, 2017. The maximum amount of contingent earnout consideration that can be
earned by Branchbird is capped at $2.4 million. The Company continuously examines actual results in comparison to financial metrics utilized in the earnout calculation and assesses the carrying value of the contingent earnout consideration. During
the three-month period ended June 30, 2016 the Company recorded a change in fair value of the estimated earnout consideration to be achieved (as a result of lower than forecasted revenue performance). This change in estimate resulted in a
reversal of $798 thousand (which was recorded as a component of change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income). As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
recorded an accrual of $939 thousand related to Branchbird contingent earnout consideration.    In connection with the Branchbird
Acquisition, the Company made certain estimates related to the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contingent earnout consideration, identified intangibles and goodwill.  
 The Company performed a fair value allocation of the purchase price among assets, liabilities and identified intangible assets. The allocation
of the purchase price was as follows:      
   The Branchbird Acquisition was accounted for as a purchase transaction, and accordingly, the results of
operations, commencing August 17, 2015, are included in the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Pro forma financial information related to the Branchbird Acquisition is not presented as the
effect of this acquisition was not material to the Company.     Acquisition of Zero2Ten, Inc. ( Zero2Ten ):    On
March 13, 2015, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets and liabilities of Zero2Ten, pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Zero2Ten Acquisition ). Headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia, Zero2Ten is a
specialty solution provider of Microsoft s CRM Cloud product. Zero2Ten has delivered its services to organizations across various vertical markets with an emphasis on manufacturing. The acquisition of Zero2Ten continues our investment in
service offerings that complement the Microsoft Dynamics product suite.    The Company determined the total allocable purchase price
consideration to be $9.0 million. The initial cash consideration paid at closing was $4.5 million. The cash paid at closing consisted of the $5.0 million purchase price less $457 thousand attributable to a net working capital adjustment. The total
purchase price was increased by $4.4 million, representing our initial estimate of the fair value estimate of additional contingent earnout consideration that may be earned by Zero2Ten, which is described in more detail below. In addition to the
above payments, the Company incurred approximately $613 thousand in direct transaction costs, which were expensed (within direct acquisition costs on the consolidated statement of comprehensive income) during the year ended December 31, 2015.
 
      8  

Table of Contents  

  An earnout agreement was entered into in connection with the Zero2Ten Acquisition under which
Zero2Ten is eligible to receive additional contingent consideration. Contingent earnout consideration to be paid, if any, to Zero2Ten will be based upon the achievement of certain performance measures (and is not impacted by continued employment
status of Zero2Ten shareholders) over two consecutive one-year earnout periods, concluding on March 13, 2017.    In March 2016,
Zero2Ten completed its first twelve-month earnout period, during which the required performance measurements were achieved. Accordingly, Zero2Ten received additional contingent consideration related to the first earnout period in the amount of $3.9
million.    The Company continuously examines actual results in comparison to financial metrics utilized in the earnout calculation and
assesses the carrying value of the contingent earnout consideration. During the three-month period ended June 30, 2016, we reversed $130 thousand of accrued contingent earnout consideration (reported as a part of change in fair value of
contingent earnout consideration in our condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income) associated with the completion of the first earnout period and the projected completion of the second earnout period, as it was determined that
current forecasts are slightly below those originally utilized in determining the fair value of the contingent earnout consideration.    The
Company, as of September 30, 2016, has accrued $2.9 million in potential future contingent earnout consideration payable to Zero2Ten in connection with the second twelve-month earnout period. The maximum amount of contingent earnout
consideration that can be earned by Zero2Ten during the remaining earnout period is capped at $4.3 million.    In connection with the
Zero2Ten Acquisition, the Company made certain estimates related to the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contingent earnout consideration, identified intangibles and goodwill.  
 The Company performed a fair value allocation of the purchase price among assets, liabilities and identified intangible assets. The allocation
of the purchase price was as follows:      
   The Zero2Ten Acquisition was accounted for as a purchase transaction, and accordingly, the results of
operations, commencing March 13, 2015, are included in the Company s accompanying condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income. Pro forma financial information related to the Zero2Ten Acquisition is not presented as the effect
of this acquisition was not material to the Company.      

4.  
  REVENUE RECOGNITION:       The Company recognizes revenue primarily through the provision of
consulting services and the resale of third-party, off-the-shelf software and maintenance.    We generate revenue by providing consulting
services under written service contracts with our customers. The service contracts we enter into generally fall into three specific categories: time and materials, fixed-price and retainer.  
 We consider amounts to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are delivered, fees are fixed or determinable and
collectability is reasonably assured. We establish billing terms at the time at which the project deliverables and milestones are agreed. Our standard payment terms are 30 days from invoice date. Out-of-pocket reimbursable expenses charged to
customers are reflected as revenue.    When a customer enters into a time and materials, fixed-price or a periodic retainer-based contract,
the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with its evaluation of the deliverables in each contract. If the deliverables represent separate units of accounting, the Company then measures and allocates the consideration from the arrangement to the
separate units, based on vendor specific objective evidence ( VSOE ) of the value for each deliverable.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

  The revenue under time and materials contracts is recognized as services are rendered and
performed at contractually agreed upon rates. Revenue pursuant to fixed-price contracts is recognized under the proportional performance method of accounting. We continuously evaluate whether revenue and profitability should be recognized in the
current period. We estimate the proportional performance on our fixed-price contracts on a monthly basis utilizing hours incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated hours to complete the project. This method is used because reasonably
dependable estimates of costs and revenue earned can be made, based on historical experience and milestones identified in any particular contract. If we do not have a sufficient basis to measure progress toward completion, revenue is recognized upon
completion of performance, subject to any warranty provisions or other project management assessments as to the status of work performed.  
 Estimates of total project costs are continuously monitored during the term of an engagement. There are situations where the number of hours
to complete projects may exceed our original estimate, as a result of an increase in project scope, unforeseen events that arise, or the inability of the client or the delivery team to fulfill its responsibilities. Accordingly, recorded revenues and
costs are subject to revision throughout the life of a project based on current information and historical trends. Such revisions may result in increases or decreases to revenue and income and are reflected in the condensed consolidated financial
statements in the periods in which they are first identified.    If our initial estimates of the resources required or the scope of work to
be performed on a contract are inaccurate, or we do not manage the project properly within the planned time period, a provision for estimated losses on incomplete projects may be made. Any known or probable losses on projects are charged to
operations in the period in which such losses are determined. A formal project review process takes place quarterly, although projects are continuously evaluated throughout the period. Management reviews the estimated total direct costs on each
contract to determine if the estimated amounts are accurate, and estimates are adjusted as needed in the period identified. No material losses were recognized on contracts during the three- or nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 or
2015.    We also perform services on a periodic retainer basis under infrastructure service contracts, which include monthly hosting and
support services. Revenue under periodic retainer-based contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period, as outlined within the respective contract. In the event additional services are required, above the minimum retained or contracted
amount, then such services are billed on a time and materials basis.    Typically, the Company provides warranty services on its fixed-price
contracts related to providing customers with the ability to have any  design flaws  remedied and/or have our Company  fix  routine defects. The warranty services, as outlined in the respective contracts, are provided for a
specific period of time after a project is complete. The Company values the warranty services based upon historical labor hours incurred for similar services at standard billing rates. Revenue related to the warranty provisions within our
fixed-price contracts is recognized as the services are performed or the revenue is earned. The warranty period is typically for a  30-60 day  period after the project is complete.  
 Customer prepayments, even if nonrefundable, are deferred (classified as deferred revenue on the condensed consolidated balance sheets) and
recognized over future periods as services are performed.    Software revenue represents the resale of certain third-party off-the-shelf
software and maintenance and is recorded on a gross basis provided we act as a principal in the transaction, which we have determined based upon several factors, including, but not limited to, the fact that we have credit risk and we set the price
to the end user. In the event we do not meet the requirements to be considered a principal in the software sale transaction and act as an agent, software revenue is recorded on a net basis. As cloud-based solutions become more significant, the
timing and revenue recognition treatment may differ from historically on-premise solutions, adding further volatility to our software revenue.  
 The majority of the software sold by the Company is delivered electronically. For software that is delivered electronically, we consider
delivery to have occurred when the customer either (a) takes possession of the software via a download (that is, when the customer takes possession of the electronic data on its hardware), or (b) has been provided with access codes that
allow the customer to take immediate possession of the software on its hardware pursuant to an agreement or purchase order for the software.  
 The Company enters into multiple element arrangements which typically include software, post-contract support (or maintenance), and consulting
services. Consistent with the software described above, maintenance that is in the form of a pass through transaction is recognized upon delivery of the software, as all related warranty and maintenance is performed by the primary software vendor
and not the Company. Maintenance fee revenue for the Company s software products, which is inconsequential in all years presented, is recognized ratably over the term of the arrangements, which are generally for a one-year period. The Company
has established VSOE with respect to the services and maintenance provided based on the price charged when the services are sold separately and the stated renewal rate.  
      10  

Table of Contents  

5.  
  SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION:       Share-based compensation expense under all of the
Company s share-based plans was $260 thousand and $1.0 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Share-based compensation expense under all of the Company s share-based plans was $408
thousand and $1.3 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    Cash received from the
employee stock purchase plan ( ESPP ) and through stock option exercises was $377 thousand and $2.4 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Cash received from ESPP and stock option
exercises was $246 thousand and $1.0 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    As of
September 30, 2016, unrecognized compensation expense, net of estimated forfeitures, related to the unvested portion of all share-based compensation arrangements was approximately $845 thousand and is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.0 years.    The Company intends to use previously purchased treasury shares for shares issued for options,
restricted share awards and ESPP purchases. Shares may also be issued from authorized but unissued share reserves.      

6.  
  INCOME TAXES:       The Company recorded a tax provision of $73 thousand and $657 thousand
for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded a tax provision of $559 thousand and $303 thousand for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The
reported tax provision for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 is based upon an estimated annual effective tax rate of 62.3% and 52.5%, respectively. The effective tax rates reflected our combined federal and state income
tax rates, foreign income tax provisions and the recognition of U.S. deferred tax liabilities for differences between the book and tax basis of goodwill.  
 We assess the realizability of our deferred tax assets and assess the need for a valuation allowance on an ongoing basis. The periodic
assessment of the net carrying value of our deferred tax assets under the applicable accounting rules is highly judgmental. We are required to consider all available positive and negative evidence in evaluating the likelihood that we will be able to
realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets in the future. Such evidence includes scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and the results of recent operations. Since this
evaluation requires consideration of events that may occur some years into the future, there is significant judgment involved, and our conclusion could be materially different should certain of our expectations not transpire.  
 When assessing all available evidence, we consider the extent to which we have generated pre-tax income or losses over the most recent
three-year period to be an important piece of objective evidence. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the recorded deferred tax asset valuation allowance balance was $4.5 million.  
 Our policy is to classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. This policy has been consistently
applied in all periods. Interest and penalties related to our unrecognized tax benefits were insignificant for all periods presented. No such amounts were recognized in the three- or nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. We have reviewed the
tax positions taken, or to be taken, in our tax returns for all tax years currently open to examination by a taxing authority. We have identified no uncertain tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized
tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the twelve months ending September 30, 2017. We remain subject to examination until the statute of limitations expires for each respective tax jurisdiction.  

7.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT:       We utilize the following valuation hierarchy for disclosure of
the inputs to valuation used to measure fair value. This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows:      

Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.        

Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for
substantially the full term of the financial instrument.        

Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value.    
      11  

Table of Contents  

  A financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based
upon the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our
only financial assets and liabilities required to be measured on a recurring basis were our contingent earnout consideration liabilities.  
 The following table represents the Company s fair value hierarchy for its financial assets and liabilities required to be measured on a
recurring basis:      
   No financial instruments were transferred into or out of Level 3 classification during the three- or
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016.    The Company has classified its net liability for contingent earnout considerations
relating to its Zero2Ten, Branchbird and M2 Dynamics Acquisitions within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because the fair value is determined using significant unobservable inputs, which included probability weighted cash flows. A description of
these acquisitions is included within Note 3. The contingent earnout payments for each acquisition are based on the achievement of certain revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, and depreciation and amortization targets.  
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending Level 3 net liabilities for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:

Fair Value   Measurements   Using Significant   Unobservable   Inputs   (Level 3)  

(In Thousands)  

Balance at December 31, 2015  
    
 $ 
 10,540 

Payment of contingent earnout consideration  

(3,906 
 )   
 
   Adjustment to estimated fair value of contingent earnout consideration (included within Selling,
general and administrative expense)  

(928 
 )   
 
   Accretion of contingent earnout consideration (included within other expense, net)  

1,730 

Ending balance at September 30, 2016  
    
 $ 
 7,436 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair values of our other financial instruments,
which include cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable, approximate the carrying amounts of the respective asset and/or liability due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments.  
      12  

Table of Contents  

8.  
  GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS:       Goodwill increased to $30.0 million as of September 30,
2016 compared to $29.9 million as of December 31, 2015. This increase is the result of adjustments to the initial estimate of purchase price allocation of M2 Dynamics, which is further disclosed within Note 3. With the exception of the
acquisition-related increase noted herein, there have been no other changes to the Company s goodwill balance. The Company continuously evaluates for any triggering events and no such events have occurred during the three or nine month periods
ended September 30, 2016. Our annual goodwill and intangible assets measurement date is December 2.    We amortize our intangible
assets that have finite lives using either the straight-line method or based on estimated future cash flows to approximate the pattern in which the economic benefit of the asset will be utilized. Amortization expense was $903 thousand and $2.7
million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Amortization expense was $215 thousand and $454 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. This amortization
expense relates to certain non-competition covenants and customer lists, which expire at various times through 2021.    The Company recorded
amortization from capitalized internally developed software (intellectual property) (reported as part of Cost of Revenue software cost within the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income) of $42 thousand and $136 thousand
during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recorded amortization from capitalized internally developed software of $44 thousand and $145 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, respectively.    Estimated annual amortization expense of our intangible assets (including amortization expense
associated with capitalized software costs) for the current year and the following five years ending December 31, is as follows:      

9.  
  ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER LIABILITIES:       Accrued liabilities as of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 consisted of the following:      
 
      13  

Table of Contents  

A reconciliation of net income and weighted average shares used
in computing basic and diluted net income per share is as follows:      
   Share-based awards, inclusive of all grants made under the Company s equity plans, for which either the
stock option exercise price or the fair value of the restricted share award exceeds the average market price over the period, have an anti-dilutive effect on earnings per share, and accordingly, are excluded from the diluted computations for all
periods presented. Had such shares been included, shares for the diluted computation would have increased by approximately 69 thousand shares and 68 thousand shares in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
respectively. There were no such anti-dilutive shares outstanding for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, there were approximately 3.5 and 4.0 million share-based awards
outstanding, respectively, under the Company s equity plans.      

11.  
  STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM:       In December 2007, our Board of Directors (the
 Board ) authorized a stock repurchase program for up to $5.0 million of common stock on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions from time-to-time through December 31, 2008 (the  Stock Repurchase
Program ). The Board subsequently amended the Stock Repurchase Program, authorizing both an increase to and an extension of the Stock Repurchase Program. The Stock Repurchase Program, as amended, had a maximum purchase value of shares of $23.1
million (the  Purchase Authorization ) and was set to expire on September 23, 2016 (the  Repurchase Period ). On September 23, 2016, we announced that the Board had approved an extension of the Repurchase Period to
September 22, 2017.    The timing and amount of the purchases will be based upon market conditions, securities law considerations and
other factors. The Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire a specific number of shares in any period and may be modified, suspended, extended or discontinued at any time, without prior notice.  
 The Company did not repurchase any shares of common stock during the three- or nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016. The Company
repurchased 27 thousand shares at an aggregate price of $192 thousand and 43 thousand shares at an aggregate price of $306 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively.  

12.  
  REVOLVING LINE OF CREDIT:       In September 2013, the Company entered into a secured
revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility was modified through an amendment in December 2015, which increased the borrowing base to $15 million (from the previous $10 million) with an additional
accordion feature that allows the Company to request an additional $5.0 million as needed, extending the total credit facility borrowing capacity to $20 million over its three-year term. The Credit Facility is collateralized by substantially all
assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiaries, and is subject to certain financial covenants. The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants (which are related to interest coverage and leverage) as of September 30, 2016. Under the
terms of the Credit Facility, any advances will accrue interest at a variable per annum rate of interest equal to the LIBOR Rate plus 1.5%. Interest is due and payable, in arrears, on a monthly basis. The Company will be obligated to pay an
annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the daily undrawn balance of the facility. Any amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility will be due on December 21, 2018. The Company had drawn down $5.0 million of this balance as of September 30, 2016.
 
      14  

Table of Contents  

13.  
  GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION       Total revenue to unaffiliated customers by geographic area were
as follows:      
   Substantially all of the Company s long-lived assets are located within the United States.  
      15  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS      The following information should be read in conjunction with the information contained in the Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See
 Risk Factors  and  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  included elsewhere herein. We use the terms  we,   our,   us,   Edgewater  and  the Company  in this report
to refer to Edgewater Technology, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.        Business Overview   
 Edgewater Technology, Inc. helps C-suite executives drive transformational change through its unique selection of business and technology
services and channel-based solutions.    Classic consulting disciplines (such as business advisory, process improvement, organizational
change management, M A due diligence, and domain expertise) are blended with technical services (such as digital transformation, technical roadmaps, data and analytics services, custom development and system integration) to help organizations
leverage investments in legacy IT assets to create new digital business models.    Delivering both on premise and in the cloud, Edgewater
offers two major channel-based services. In the Oracle channel, Edgewater Ranzal provides Business Analytics solutions leveraging Oracle EPM, BI and Big Data technologies. In the Microsoft channel, Edgewater Fullscope delivers Dynamics AX ERP,
Business Intelligence and CRM solutions primarily in the manufacturing space.     Our Services   
 Edgewater offers a full spectrum of services and expertise to ensure the success of our engagements. Our consulting services are categorized
into two different components: (1) Channel View and (2) Systems Integration View.    The following diagram illustrates these
offerings:        

Edgewater has the proven expertise to plan, deliver and manage integration services that improve performance and maximize
business results. We focus on deploying new systems and unlocking the value of the existing corporate assets. This proven expertise enables us to bring complex technologies and systems together while minimizing risk, leveraging our clients 
technology investments and delivering tailored solutions.     Factors Influencing Our Results of Operations   
  Revenue . The Company derives its service revenue from time and materials-based contracts, fixed-price contracts and retainer-based
arrangements. Time and materials-based contracts represented 85.2% and 83.8% of service revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Time and materials-based contracts represented 80.5% and 83.4% of
service  
      16  

Table of Contents  

revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Revenue under time and materials contracts is recognized as services are rendered and performed at
contractually agreed upon rates. Fixed-price contracts represented 8.8% and 11.2% of service revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Fixed-price contracts represented 15.3% and 12.1% of service
revenue for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Revenue pursuant to fixed-price contracts is recognized under the proportional performance method of accounting. Retainer-based contracts represented 6.0% and
5.0% of service revenue during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Retainer-based contracts represented 4.2% and 4.5% of service revenue during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30,
2015, respectively. Revenue under retainer-based contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period, as outlined within the respective contract.  
 Estimates of total project costs are continuously monitored during the term of an engagement. There are situations where the number of hours
to complete projects may exceed (or be less than) our original estimate, as a result of an increase (or decrease) in project scope, unforeseen events that arise, or the inability of the client or the delivery team to fulfill their responsibilities.
Accordingly, recorded revenues and costs are subject to revision throughout the life of a project based on current information and historical trends. Such revisions may result in increases or decreases to revenue and income and are reflected in the
condensed consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified.    We anticipate that software revenue will
continue to be a significant portion of our revenues. Our reported software revenue represents the resale of certain third-party off-the-shelf software and related maintenance (primarily relates to the resale of Microsoft Dynamics AX product) and
has historically been recorded on a gross basis provided we act as principal in the transaction, whereby we have credit risk and we set the price to the end user. In the event we do not meet the requirements to be considered a principal in the
software sale transaction and act as an agent, software revenue is recorded on a net basis. As cloud-based solutions become more significant, the timing and revenue recognition treatment may differ from historically on-premise solutions, adding
further volatility to our software revenue.    Software revenue is recognized upon delivery, except in the infrequent situation where the
Company provides maintenance services, in which case the related maintenance is recognized ratably over the maintenance period (while the software revenue is recognized upon delivery). Software revenue is expected to fluctuate between quarters,
dependent on our customers  demand for such third-party off-the-shelf software. Fluctuations in software revenue may have an impact upon our periodic operating performance, including gross margin.  
  Operating Expenses . The largest portion of our operating expenses consists of cash and non-cash compensation and benefits associated
with our project consulting personnel and related expenses. Non-cash compensation includes share-based compensation expense arising from restricted stock and option grants to employees. Project personnel expenses also consist of payroll costs and
related benefits associated with our professional staff. Other related expenses include travel, subcontracting costs, third-party vendor payments and non-billable expenses associated with the delivery of services to our customers. We consider the
relationship between project personnel expenses and service revenue to be an important measure of our operating performance. The relationship between project personnel expenses and service revenue is driven largely by the chargeability of our
consultant base, the prices we charge our customers and the non-billable costs associated with securing new customer engagements and developing new service offerings. The remainder of our recurring operating expense is composed of expenses
associated with the development of our business and the support of our customer-serving professionals, such as professional development and recruiting, marketing and sales, and management and administrative support. Professional development and
recruiting expenses consist primarily of recruiting and training content development and delivery costs. Marketing and sales expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with the development and maintenance of our marketing materials and
programs. Management and administrative support expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with operations, including finance, information systems, human resources, facilities (including the rent of office space) and other administrative
support for project personnel.    We regularly review our fees for services, professional compensation and overhead costs to ensure that our
services and compensation are competitive within the industry and that our overhead costs are balanced with our revenue levels. In addition, we monitor the progress of customer projects with customer senior management. We manage the activities of
our professionals by closely monitoring engagement schedules and staffing requirements. However, a rapid decline in the demand for the professional services that we provide could result in lower utilization of our professionals than we planned. In
addition, because most of our customer engagements are terminable by our customers without penalty, an unanticipated termination of a customer project could require us to maintain underutilized employees. While professional staff levels must be
adjusted to reflect active engagements, we must also maintain a sufficient number of consulting professionals to oversee existing customer engagements and to participate in sales activities to secure new customer assignments.  
      17  

Table of Contents  

   Direct Acquisition Costs.  The Company incurred $430 thousand of direct acquisition
costs related to the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of M2 Dynamics in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016. Incurred expenses included investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting and other professional fees directly
associated with completion of the acquisitions.     Adjustments to Fair Value of Contingent Consideration.  The Company remeasures
the estimated carrying value of contingent consideration each quarter, with any changes (income or expense) in the estimated fair value recorded as an operating expense (classified as change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration).
Accretion of the contingent earnout liability is classified as other expense on the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $7.4 million and
$10.5 million, respectively, accrued in connection with the contingent earnout obligations associated with the Zero2Ten, Branchbird, and M2 Dynamics Acquisitions.  
  Company Performance Measurement Systems and Metrics . The Company s management monitors and assesses its operating performance by
evaluating key metrics and indicators on an ongoing basis. For example, we regularly review performance information related to annualized revenue per billable consultant, periodic consultant utilization rates, gross profit margins, average bill
rates and billable employee headcount. Edgewater has also developed internal Enterprise Performance Management systems which aid us in measuring our operating performance and consultant utilization rates. The matching of sales opportunities to
available skill sets in our consultant base is one of our greatest challenges and therefore, we monitor consultant utilization closely. These metrics, along with other operating and financial performance metrics, are used in evaluating
management s overall performance. These metrics and indicators are discussed in more detail under  Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016, Compared to Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2015,  included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.       Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016, Compared to Results for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015     The financial information
that follows has been rounded in order to simplify its presentation. The amounts and percentages below have been calculated using the detailed financial information contained in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements, the notes
thereto, and the other financial data included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The following table sets forth the percentage of total revenue of items included in our unaudited
condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income:      
     Revenue   .  Total revenue decreased by $(358) thousand, or (1.1)%, to $30.8 million during
the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to total revenue of $31.2 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Total revenue increased by $8.5 million, or 9.6%, to $96.7 million during the nine-month period
ended September 30, 2016, compared to total revenue of $88.3 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. Service revenue decreased by $(152) thousand, or (0.6)%, to $27.0 million during the three-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to service revenue of $27.2 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. Service revenue increased by $9.3 million, or 12.5%, to $83.8 million during the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, compared to service revenue of $74.5 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015.    Service
revenue during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was affected by channel disruptions associated with a vendor push to the adoption of cloud-based technologies and our customer s decision processes around moving to cloud-based
solutions. Further, third quarter 2016 service revenue was hindered by a curtailment of IT spending by customers across all of our service offerings as well as underperformance within the United Kingdom. For the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, service revenue growth was driven primarily by the performance of the M2 Dynamics Acquisition and the full period contribution from the Zero2Ten Acquisition (whose operations began being recorded in ours during March 2015).
   As we experience a transition within our EPM and ERP channels from on-premise to hybrid to cloud-based solutions we may experience a
disruption in the timing of our customer purchasing habits. This transition may cause fluctuations in our service and software revenue and related margin contributions in the coming quarters. We anticipate that software revenue will continue to
represent a meaningful portion of revenues in future years. Because of this, we believe that periodic fluctuations in the amount of revenue recognized by the Company may have a material impact upon our gross margins.  
 Billable consultant utilization increased to 72.9% and 73.8% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 compared
to 71.9% and 70.7% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Billable headcount, excluding contractors, held relatively constant at 368 as of September 30, 2016, compared to 366 as of September 30,
2015. The consistency of the billable headcount is reflective of the increases related to the M2 Dynamics Acquisition offset by our continued efforts to proactively manage billable headcount. 
      19  

Table of Contents  

  Annualized service revenue per billable consultant, as adjusted for utilization, was $360
thousand and $374 thousand during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Annualized service revenue per billable consultant, as adjusted for utilization, was $356 thousand and $357 thousand during the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The periodic fluctuations in our annualized service revenue per billable consultant metric continue to reflect the changes in the mix of our service offering revenue generated
by our current engagements.    During the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, software revenue totaled $2.1 million
and $7.8 million, or 6.8% and 8.0% of total revenue, respectively, compared to software revenue of $2.0 million and $8.3 million, or 6.5% and 9.4%, respectively, in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015. Our software
revenue is primarily related to our resale of Microsoft Dynamics software, cloud-based licenses and maintenance. As cloud-based solutions become more significant, the timing and revenue recognition treatment may differ from historically on-premise
solutions, adding further volatility to our software revenue. Software revenue is expected to fluctuate on a period-to-period basis dependent upon our customers  demand for such third-party off-the-shelf software.  
 Generally, we are reimbursed for our out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our customers  consulting projects. Reimbursed
expense revenue was $1.7 million and $2.0 million for the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Reimbursed expense revenue was $5.2 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $5.5
million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The aggregate amount of reimbursed expenses will fluctuate from period-to-period depending on the number of billable consultants as well the location of our customers, the general
fluctuation of travel costs, such as airfare, and the number of our projects that require travel.    The number of customers the Company
served during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 totaled 617, as compared to 614 customers during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. During the first nine months of 2016, we secured first-time engagements with a
total of 106 new customers, compared to 108 new customer engagements during the first nine months of 2015.      Cost of
Revenue   .  Cost of revenue primarily consists of project personnel costs principally related to salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits, software costs and travel expenses for personnel dedicated to customer projects. These costs
represent the most significant expense we incur in providing our services. In total, cost of revenue increased by $758 thousand, or 3.9%, to $20.2 million for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to $19.4 million in the
comparative 2015 quarterly period. Cost of revenue increased by $4.1 million, or 7.0%, to $62.5 million during the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $58.5 million in the comparative 2015 year-to-date period. The primary
drivers of the 2016 year-over-year increase in total cost of revenue during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, on an absolute dollar basis, were related to increases in salary and salary-related expenses, inclusive of
incentive compensation (primarily associated with an increase in average billable headcount over the period). The increase in salary and salary-related expenses, which was primarily associated with the M2 Dynamics Acquisition, were partially offset
by strategic management of billable consultant headcount in the core components of our business.    Project and personnel costs represented
55.6% and 54.3% of total revenue during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 52.5% and 54.8% of total revenue during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.    The increase in project and personnel costs for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016, as a percentage of
total revenue, is the result of the salary and related expenses primarily associated with the billable consultant headcount attributed to the M2 Dynamics Acquisition. The increase in project and personnel costs during the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, as a percentage of total revenue, was similarly driven by the increase in salary and related expenses. The incremental salary and salary-related expense realized during the three- and nine-month periods ended September
30, 2016 was primarily related to the M2 Dynamics Acquisition. However, the Company continuously made strategic decisions to manage headcount throughout the entire organization, which led to decreases in headcount that partially offset the
increase attributable to the M2 Dynamics Acquisition. While strategic evaluation of headcount occurs on an ongoing basis, certain headcount reductions were made during the latter half of the third quarter of 2016 (and as such the expense
savings will be realized in future periods).    Software costs amounted to $1.3 million and $4.7 million during the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Software costs amounted to $1.1 million and $4.6 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Software costs are expected to fluctuate between
quarters depending on our customers  demand for software. Reimbursable expenses were $1.7 million and $5.2 million for the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $2.0 million and $5.5 million in
the comparative periods of 2015, respectively.  
      20  

Table of Contents  

    Gross Profit   .  During the three-month period ended September 30, 2016,
total gross profit decreased $(1.1) million, or (9.5)%, to $10.6 million compared to gross profit of $11.8 million in the three-month period ended September 30, 2015. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, total gross
profit increased $4.4 million, or 14.7%, to $34.2 million compared to total gross profit of $29.8 million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. For purposes of further analysis, we refer to gross profit as a percentage of revenue
generally as gross margin.    Total gross margin, as a percentage of total revenue, decreased to 34.5% in the third quarter of 2016,
compared to 37.7% in the third quarter of 2015. The year-over-year quarterly decrease in gross margin is the result of essentially flat total revenue combined with the increase in salary and salary-related expenses previously noted. Total gross
margin increased to 35.4% in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to 33.8% in the comparative 2015 year-to-date period. The year-over-year year-to-date increase in total gross margin is primarily the result of the
contributions of the M2 Dynamics Acquisition combined with the full period impact of the Zero2Ten Acquisition.   Service revenue gross
margin was 36.6% in the third quarter of 2016, compared to 39.9% in the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in service revenue gross margin is primarily the result of the essentially flat service revenue combined with increased salary and
salary-related expenses (as previously noted). Service revenue gross margin was 37.2% in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to 35.1% in the comparative 2015 year-to-date period. The increase in service revenue gross margin
for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2016 is directly related to the contributions of M2 Dynamics and Zero2Ten, as described above.  
 We anticipate that software revenue will continue to be a significant part of our revenue in future periods. Our software revenue has
historically influenced, and we anticipate that it will continue to influence in the future, our quarterly gross margins. We believe, in connection with changes in the nature of the terms of certain of our Microsoft Dynamics AX software resale
arrangements as described in  Revenue  above, that anticipated changes in the terms of the resale arrangements will, in certain situations, extend the timing of the recognition period of the gross margin on software sales (from, immediate
recognition of the gross margin on the transaction to recognition of the gross margin on the transaction spread over a three-year period) and result in a reduction in the amount of the software gross margin to be recognized by the Company.  
   Selling, General and Administrative ( SG A ) Expenses   .  As a percentage of total revenue, SG A expenses
were 29.0% and 29.6% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to 28.3% and 29.5% in the three- and nine-month periods of 2015, respectively. On an absolute dollar-basis, SG A expenses
increased by $118 thousand, or 1.3%, and increased by $2.6 million, or 10.0%, to $8.9 million and $28.7 million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to SG A expenses of $8.8 million and $26.1
million in the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively.    Selling, general and administrative expense
increased, during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 as a result of salary and salary-related expenses (inclusive of incentive compensation). The increase in salary and salary-related expenses was driven by the increase
in non-billable headcount (which is a direct result of our recent acquisitions and overall growth).      Change in Fair Value of
Contingent Earnout Consideration.   The Company continuously examines actual results in comparison to financial metrics utilized in each of our earnout calculations and assesses the carrying value of the contingent earnout consideration.
During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a change in fair value of the estimated earnout consideration to be achieved (as a result of delays in the timing of forecasted revenue). This change in estimate resulted in
a reversal of $798 thousand related to the Branchbird contingent earnout as well as a reversal of $130 thousand related to the Zero2Ten contingent earnout. No changes in fair value were made during the three-month period ended September 30, 2016.
     Direct Acquisition Costs.   During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred approximately
$430 thousand of direct acquisition costs associated with the December 2015 acquisition of M2 Dynamics. During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred approximately $932 thousand of direct acquisition costs associated
with the March 2015 Zero2Ten Acquisition and August 2015 Branchbird Acquisition. Incurred expenses included investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting and other professional fees directly associated with completion of the acquisitions.
     Depreciation and Amortization Expense  . Depreciation and amortization expense increased $639 thousand, or 171.8%, to
$1.0 million in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as compared to $372 thousand in the quarter ended September 30, 2015. Similarly, depreciation and amortization expense increased $2.1 million, or 228.9%, to $3.0 million in the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 compared to $918 thousand in the comparative 2015 year-to-date period.    Amortization
expense was $858 thousand and $2.6 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to amortization expense of $215 thousand and $454 thousand in the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2015, respectively. The increase in amortization expense during the third quarter of 2016 is primarily the result of the amortization expense associated with the intangible assets identified in connection with the Branchbird and
M2 Dynamics Acquisitions. The Company recognizes amortization expense over the periods in which it expects to realize the economic benefit.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Depreciation expense of $153 thousand and $447 thousand recorded in the three- and nine-month
periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively, were consistent with depreciation expense recognized during the comparative 2015 quarterly and year-to-date periods.  
   Operating Income  . Operating income was $684 thousand in the third quarter of 2016, compared to operating income of $2.2 million
in the comparative 2015 quarterly period. Operating income for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 was $3.0 million, compared to operating income of $2.2 million in the comparative 2015 year-to-date period.  
 The 2016 third quarter and year-to-date changes in operating metrics are primarily attributable to the contributions of the Zero2Ten and M2
Dynamics Acquisitions, combined with the increase in billable consultant utilization, partially offset by the increased salary and salary-related expenses associated with the increase in headcount, as described above.  
   Other Expense, Net  . Other expense, net, totaled $568 thousand and $1.8 million during the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, while other expense, net, totaled $650 thousand and $1.3 million during the comparative 2015 periods, respectively. Other expense, net, for the three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2016 relates
primarily to the accretion of the contingent earnout liability recognized in connection with the Zero2Ten, Branchbird and M2 Dynamics Acquisitions and also includes periodic foreign currency exchange gains and losses. Other expense, net for the
three- and nine-months ended September 30, 2015 was related to the accretion of the contingent earnout liability recognized in connection with the Zero2Ten and Branchbird Acquisitions combined with periodic foreign currency exchange gains and
losses.      Income Tax Provision.   We recorded a provision for income taxes of $73 thousand and $657 thousand during the three-
and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. We recorded a provision for income taxes of $559 thousand and $303 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Our periodic income
tax provision amounts are derived based upon an estimated annual effective income tax rate, inclusive of federal and state income taxes, of 62.3% and 52.5% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016, respectively. Our
periodic income tax provision amounts are derived based upon an estimated annual effective income tax rate, inclusive of federal and state income taxes, of 35.2% and 34.3% during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.    Reported income tax expense during the comparative 2016 and 2015 quarterly periods also includes expense amounts
attributable to foreign income taxes, the recognition of U.S. deferred tax liabilities for differences between the book and tax basis of goodwill and interest and penalties.  
 We have deferred tax assets that have arisen primarily as a result of timing differences, net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits.
Our ability to realize a deferred tax asset is based on our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income. We assess, on a routine periodic basis, the estimated future realizability of the gross carrying value of our deferred tax assets on a
more likely than not basis. Our periodic assessments take into consideration both positive evidence (future profitability projections for example) and negative evidence (accumulated deficit) as it relates to evaluating the future recoverability of
our deferred tax assets.    The Company considers scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, ongoing
tax planning strategies and other matters, including the period over which our deferred tax assets will be recoverable, in assessing the need for and the amount of the valuation allowance. In the event that actual results differ from these
estimates, or we adjust these estimates in the future periods, further adjustments to our valuation allowance may be recorded, which could materially impact our financial position and net income in the period of the adjustment.  
   Net Income   .  We generated net income of $43 thousand and $593 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to net income of $1.0 million and $581 thousand during the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2015, respectively. The contributions of our 2015 acquisitions were offset by the
increase in salary and salary-related expenses. Additionally, for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2016 the increase in interest expense associated (related to the accretion of contingent earnout consideration) negatively affected
net income.  
      22  

Table of Contents  

     Liquidity and Capital Resources   
 The following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the periods indicated:  
   
   As of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $12.1 million, a $166 thousand increase from the
December 31, 2015 balance of $12.0 million. The primary drivers of cash flow during 2016 are the collection of accounts receivable, partially offset by the contingent earnout consideration payment related to the Zero2Ten Acquisition, bonus and
commission payments related to the Company s 2015 performance-based incentive programs and premium payments associated with the renewal of annual insurance policies.  
 The earnout agreements entered into in connection with the acquisitions of Zero2Ten, Branchbird and M2 Dynamics may require significant cash
payments following the completion of the earnout periods in 2016 and 2017. Future payments related to earnout performance are expected to be made in the first, second and fourth quarters of 2017. The amounts of these payments will be determined
by the financial performance of the acquired entities. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had accrued $7.4 million of contingent earnout consideration.  
 Working capital, which is defined as current assets less current liabilities, increased to $19.4 million as of September 30, 2016, as compared
to $14.9 million as of December 31, 2015.    Historically, we have used our operating cash flows, available cash and periodic sales of
our common stock to finance ongoing operations and business combinations. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to finance our working capital needs for at least the next twelve months. We periodically reassess the
adequacy of our liquidity position, taking into consideration current and anticipated operating cash flow, anticipated capital expenditures, and possible business combinations. The pace at which we will either generate or consume cash will be
dependent upon future operations and the level of demand for our services on an ongoing basis.    Cash flow from operating activities is
driven by collections of fees for our consulting services and the reselling of software products. Cash used in operations predominantly relates to employee compensation and payments to third-party software providers. Accrued payroll and related
liabilities fluctuate from period to period based on the timing of our normal payroll cycle and the timing of variable compensation payments. Annual components of our variable compensation plans are paid in the first quarter of the following year,
causing fluctuations in cash flow from quarter to quarter.    Accounts payable and accrued expenses are most significantly affected by the
timing of payments required to be made to third-party software providers in connection with the resale of software products to our customers. Historically, a significant portion of our software sales has occurred at the end of the second quarter.
   Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net
cash provided by operating activities of $850 thousand for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The primary components of operating cash flows during the first nine months of 2016 were driven by the collection of receivables on a
growing total revenue base, partially offset by the payment of bonus and commissions under our 2015 performance-based bonus programs and the timing of payments related to annual insurance-related premiums and third-party software expenses.
Additionally, cash from operations was influenced by non-cash charges of $5.1 million (primarily depreciation and amortization, accretion of contingent earnout obligations combined with change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration,
changes in deferred income taxes, and stock-based compensation expense). The primary components of operating cash flows during the first nine months of 2015 were driven by the payment of bonus and commissions under our 2014 performance-based bonus
programs, and, to a lesser extent, the timing of annual insurance-related premium payments and the payment of software-related expenses to third party providers. Additionally, cash from operations was influenced by non-cash charges of $3.5 million
(primarily changes in deferred income taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock-based compensation expense and accretion of contingent earnout consideration).  
 Net cash used in investing activities was $(420) thousand during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash
used in investing  
      23  

Table of Contents  

activities of $(7.7) million in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. Cash used in investing activities in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016 included the
purchases of property and equipment. Cash used in investing activities in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015 consisted of the Branchbird Acquisition, the Zero2Ten Acquisition and, to a lesser extent, the purchases of property
and equipment.    All capital expenditures are discretionary as the Company currently has no long-term commitments for capital expenditures.
   Net cash used in financing activities was $(635) thousand in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2016, compared to net cash
provided by financing activities of $906 thousand in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2015. The 2016 cash used in financing activities was driven by the payment of the contingent earnout consideration related to the Zero2Ten
Acquisition, partially offset by the proceeds attributable to our Employee Stock Purchase Plan and stock option exercises. The 2015 cash flows provided by financing activities are attributable to proceeds associated with our Employee Stock Purchase
Plan and stock option exercises, partially offset by the repurchase of treasury stock.    In September 2013, the Company entered into a
secured revolving credit facility (the  Credit Facility ). The Credit Facility was modified through an amendment in December 2015, which increased the borrowing base to $15 million (from the previous $10 million) with an additional
accordion feature that allows the Company to request an additional $5.0 million as needed, extending the total credit facility borrowing capacity to $20 million over its three-year term. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all assets of
the Company and its domestic subsidiaries, and is subject to normal covenants. Under the terms of the Credit Facility, any advances will accrue interest at a variable per annum rate of interest equal to the LIBOR Rate plus 1.5%. Interest is due
and payable, in arrears, on a monthly basis. The Company will be obligated to pay an annual commitment fee of 0.15% on the daily undrawn balance of the facility. Any amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility will be due on December 21,
2018. The Company had drawn down $5.0 million of this balance as of September 30, 2016.       Acquisitions, Earnout Payments and
Commitments      Acquisition of M2 Dynamics:  As more fully described in  Item 1   Financial Statements   Notes to the
Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 3 , included elsewhere herein, an earnout agreement was entered into in connection with the M2 Dynamics Acquisition under which M2 Dynamics is eligible to receive additional
contingent consideration. Contingent earnout consideration to be paid, if any, to M2 Dynamics will be based upon the achievement of certain performance measures over one twelve-month earnout period, concluding in December 2016. Based upon initial
fair value estimates, the Company recorded contingent earnout consideration described above of $3.6 million as of September 30, 2016. The maximum amount of contingent earnout consideration that can be earned by M2 Dynamics is capped at $6.6 million.
    Acquisition of Branchbird:  As more fully described in  Item 1   Financial Statements   Notes to the Unaudited
Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 3 , included elsewhere herein, an earnout agreement was entered into in connection with the Branchbird Acquisition under which Branchbird is eligible to receive additional contingent
consideration. Contingent earnout consideration to be paid, if any, to Branchbird will be based upon the achievement of certain performance measures over two consecutive twelve-month earnout periods, concluding in August 2017. During the
three-month period ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded a change in fair value of the estimated earnout consideration to be achieved (as a result of lower than forecasted revenue performance). This change in estimate resulted in a reversal
of $798 thousand (which was recorded as a component of change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive income). Branchbird did not receive any payment in connection with
the completion of the first earnout period in August 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had recorded an accrual of $939 thousand related to Branchbird contingent earnout consideration. The maximum remaining amount of contingent earnout
consideration that can be earned by Branchbird is capped at $1.2 million.     Acquisition of Zero2Ten:  As more fully described in
 Item 1   Financial Statements   Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   Note 3 , included elsewhere herein, an earnout agreement was entered into in connection with the Zero2Ten Acquisition
under which Zero2Ten is eligible to receive additional contingent consideration. Contingent earnout consideration to be paid, if any, to Zero2Ten will be based upon the achievement of certain performance measures over two consecutive twelve-month
earnout periods, concluding in March 2017. In March 2016, Zero2Ten completed its first twelve-month earnout period, during which the required performance measurements were achieved. Accordingly, Zero2Ten received additional contingent
consideration related to the first earnout period in the amount of $3.9 million. During the three-month period ended June 30, 2016, the Company recorded a change in fair value of the estimated earnout consideration to be achieved (as a result
of revised future forecasted revenue performance). This change in estimate resulted in a reversal of $130 thousand (which was recorded as a component of change in fair value of contingent earnout consideration in the accompanying condensed
consolidated statements of comprehensive income). The Company, as of September 30, 2016, has accrued $2.9 million in potential future contingent earnout consideration payable to Zero2Ten related to the completion of the second twelve-month
earnout period. The maximum remaining amount of contingent earnout consideration that can be earned by Zero2Ten is capped at $4.3 million.  
      24  

Table of Contents  

     Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.  
    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates   
 We prepare our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. As such, we are required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are reasonable based upon the information available. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. We reaffirm the critical accounting policies and estimates as reported in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which
was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2016.       Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In January 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued ASU No. 2016-01,  Recognition and Measurement of
Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  ( ASU 2016-01 ). ASU 2016-01 amends the guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Although ASU 2016-01 retains many current requirements, it significantly
revises accounting related to the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value. ASU 2016-01 also amends certain disclosure
requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments and is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of ASU 2016-01 on our condensed consolidated
financial statements.    In March 2016, FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,  Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment
Accounting  ( ASU 2016-09 ). ASU 2016-09 simplifies the accounting for share-based awards issued to employees. ASU 2016-09 is effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of
our pending adoption of ASU 2016-09 on our condensed consolidated financial statements.       Risk Factors   
 We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves certain risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. You should
carefully review and consider the information regarding certain risk factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results set forth under  Part I   Item 1A   Risk Factors  in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2016 and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q under  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements.   
      25  

Table of Contents  

     SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 Some of the statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and elsewhere constitute forward-looking statements under Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause results, levels of activity, growth,
performance, tax consequences or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, growth, performance, tax consequences or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors
include, among other things, those listed below, as well as those further set forth under the heading  Risk Factors  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC on March 11, 2016.  
 Factors that may cause actual results, goals, targets or objectives to differ materially from those contemplated, projected, forecasted,
estimated, anticipated, planned or budgeted in such forward-looking statements include, among others, the following possibilities: (1) failure to obtain new customers or retain significant existing customers; (2) the loss of one or more
key executives and/or employees; (3) changes in industry trends, such as a decline in the demand for Enterprise Resource Planning and Enterprise Performance Management solutions, custom development and system integration services and/or
declines in industry-wide information technology spending, whether on a temporary or permanent basis and/or delays by customers in initiating new projects or existing project milestones; (4) inability to execute upon growth objectives;
(5) adverse developments and volatility involving geopolitical or technology market conditions; (6) unanticipated events or the occurrence of fluctuations or variability in the matters identified under  Critical Accounting
Policies  in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K; (7) delays in, or the failure of, our sales pipeline being converted to billable work and recorded as revenue; (8) termination by clients of their contracts with the Company or
inability or unwillingness of clients to pay for the Company s services, which may impact the Company s accounting assumptions; (9) inability to recruit and retain professionals with the high level of information technology skills and
experience needed to provide the Company s services; (10) failure to expand outsourcing services to generate additional revenue; (11) any changes in ownership of the Company or otherwise that would result in a limitation of the net
operating loss carry forward under applicable tax laws; (12) the possibility that activist stockholders may wage proxy contests or gain representation on or control of the Board of Directors, causing disruption and/or uncertainty to the
Company s business, customer relationships and employee retention; (13) the failure of the marketplace to embrace advisory and product-based consulting services; (14) difficulties and costs associated with transitioning to the cloud;
(15) the inability to achieve the expected synergies from our 2015 acquisitions; and/or (16) changes in the Company s utilization levels.  
 Although we believe that the expectations in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance, growth, earnings per share or achievements. However, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such statements. Except as otherwise required, we undertake no obligation to
update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this Form 10-Q to conform such statements to actual results.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       Our primary financial
instruments include investments in money market funds that are sensitive to market risks and interest rates. The investment portfolio is used to preserve our capital until it is required to fund operations, strategic acquisitions or distributions to
stockholders. None of our market-risk sensitive instruments are held for trading purposes. We did not purchase derivative financial instruments in the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 or 2015. Should interest rates on the
Company s investments fluctuate by 10% the impact would not be material to the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  
 The impact of inflation and changing prices has not been material on revenue or income from continuing operations during the three-month
periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES          Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
    We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which we have designed to ensure that material information related to the Company,
including our consolidated subsidiaries, is properly identified and evaluated on a regular basis and disclosed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations. The Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer of Edgewater Technology, Inc. (its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively) have concluded, based on their evaluations of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report, that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports filed or submitted by it under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
the Company in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

     Changes in Controls and Procedures   
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the
Exchange Act, during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II   OTHER INFORMATION       

ITEM 1.  
  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS       On June 8, 2015, Avon Products, Inc. ( Avon ) filed a
complaint in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York seeking to recover alleged damages from Edgewater Technology-Ranzal, a subsidiary of the Company, in an amount in excess of $7,000,000 plus pre- and post-judgment interest,
based upon claims of breach of contract and fraud in connection with Edgewater Technology-Ranzal s provision of information technology products and services provided and performed during the years 2007 through 2011. On September 23, 2016,
Avon and Edgewater Technology-Ranzal entered into a settlement agreement to dismiss the claim.      

ITEM 1A.  
  RISK FACTORS       As discussed in  Part I Item 1A Risk Factors  of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and herein under  Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,  investors should be aware of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions in our business. We encourage you
to refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K to carefully consider these risks, uncertainties and assumptions.      

ITEM 2.  
  UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS       In December 2007, our Board
of Directors (the  Board ) authorized a stock repurchase program for up to $5.0 million of common stock on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions from time-to-time through December 31, 2008 (the  Stock
Repurchase Program ). The Board subsequently amended the Stock Repurchase Program, authorizing both an increase to and an extension of the Stock Repurchase Program. The Stock Repurchase Program, as amended, had a maximum purchase value of
shares of $23.1 million (the  Purchase Authorization ) and was set to expire on September 23, 2016 (the  Repurchase Period ). On September 23, 2016, we announced that the Board had approved an extension of the
Repurchase period to September 22, 2017.    The timing and amount of the purchases will be based upon market conditions, securities law
considerations and other factors. The Stock Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to acquire a specific number of shares in any period and may be modified, suspended, extended or discontinued at any time, without prior notice.  
 The following table provides information with respect to purchases of our common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2016:  
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities       

ITEM 3.  
  DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES       None.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

ITEM 4.  
  MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES       Not applicable.  

ITEM 5.  
  OTHER INFORMATION       None.  

ITEM 6.  
  EXHIBITS         

* 
 - Filed herewith.    

** 
 - Furnished herewith.    
      28  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY, INC.  

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ SHIRLEY SINGLETON   

Shirley Singleton  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 ( Principal Executive Officer )   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ TIMOTHY R. OAKES   

Timothy R. Oakes  

Chief Financial Officer   ( Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer )   
 
      29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d246294dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  13a-14 CERTIFICATION     I, Shirley
Singleton, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edgewater Technology, Inc. (the  Company         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
Company s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ SHIRLEY SINGLETON   

Shirley Singleton  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 ( Principal Executive Officer )   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d246294dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  13a-14 CERTIFICATION     I, Timothy R.
Oakes, certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Edgewater Technology, Inc. (the  Company         

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the
case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the Audit Committee of the
Company s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ TIMOTHY R. OAKES   

Timothy R. Oakes  

Chief Financial Officer   ( Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer )   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d246294dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  1350 CERTIFICATION   
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted), Shirley Singleton, the Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer of Edgewater Technology, Inc. (the  Company ), and Timothy R. Oakes, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of her or his knowledge:  
 The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, to which this Certification is attached as
Exhibit 32 (the  Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ SHIRLEY SINGLETON   

Shirley Singleton  

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 ( Principal Executive Officer )   

Date: November 4, 2016 

/s/ TIMOTHY R. OAKES   

Timothy R. Oakes  

Chief Financial Officer   ( Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer )   
   A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating,
acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 edgw-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 edgw-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 edgw-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 edgw-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 edgw-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 edgw-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

