<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1505732_0001571049-16-019677_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12490495</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190153</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>480879</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3538932</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5902397</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2101901</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>156</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019677.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109114729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019677
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001505732
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				208251355
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36448
		FILM NUMBER:		161983236

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(203) 972-3838

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		208 ELM STREET
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BNC Financial Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019677.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 t1600703_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES   

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

  Washington, D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016  

For the transition period from _________to________ 

Commission File Number:  001-36448   

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.   

 (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter) 

Connecticut   
       20-8251355    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      Incorporation or organization)  
      Identification No.)   

(Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant   s principal executive
offices) 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes
    No 

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).     Yes     No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of    large accelerated filer,  
  accelerated filer    and    smaller
reporting company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     
      Accelerated filer      
 
     Non-accelerated filer     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
      Smaller
reporting company       

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes          No 

As of October 31,
2016, there were 7,571,658 shares of the registrant   s common
stock outstanding. 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Form 10-Q  

T able of  C ontents   

PART 1   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION  

    Item 1. Financial Statements  

    Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Consolidated Balance Sheets - (unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands, except share data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements Of Income
  (unaudited)  

  (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements Of Comprehensive
Income   (unaudited)  

  (In thousands)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements Of Shareholders'
Equity   (unaudited)  

  (In thousands, except share data)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows
  (unaudited)  

  (In thousands)  

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Consolidated Statements
Of Cash Flows   - (C ontinued )  

  (In thousands )   

See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements (unaudited) 

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

1.    Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies  

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the    Company  
 or    Bankwell   )
is a bank holding company headquartered in New Canaan, Connecticut. The Company offers a broad range of financial services through
its banking subsidiary, Bankwell Bank (the    Bank   ).
The Bank was originally chartered as two separate banks, The Bank of New Canaan (   BNC   )
and The Bank of Fairfield (   TBF   ).
In September 2013, BNC and TBF were merged and rebranded as    Bankwell
Bank.    In November 2013, the Bank acquired The Wilton Bank
(   Wilton   ),
which added one branch and approximately $25.1 million in loans and $64.2 million in deposits. In October 2014, the Bank acquired
Quinnipiac Bank and Trust Company (   Quinnipiac   )
which added two branches and approximately $97.8 million in loans and $100.6 million in deposits. 

The Bank is a Connecticut state chartered commercial bank,
founded in 2002, whose deposits are insured under the Deposit Insurance Fund administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(   FDIC   ).
The Bank provides a full range of banking services to commercial and consumer customers, primarily concentrated in the Fairfield
County and New Haven County regions of Connecticut, with branch locations in New Canaan, Stamford, Fairfield, Wilton, Norwalk,
Hamden and North Haven, Connecticut. 

Principles of consolidation  

The consolidated interim financial statements include the accounts
of the Company and the Bank. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of estimates  

The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform
to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (   GAAP   )
and general practices within the banking industry. In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosures of contingent assets
and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated balance sheet and revenue and expenses for the period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to significant change in the near term relate
to the allowance for loan losses, stock-based compensation and derivative instrument valuation. 

Basis of consolidated financial statement
presentation  

The unaudited consolidated financial statements presented herein
have been prepared pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (   SEC   )
for quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and Rule 10-1 of Regulation S-X and do not include all of the information and note disclosures
required by GAAP. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) and disclosures considered
necessary for the fair presentation of the accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements have been included.
Interim results are not necessarily reflective of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2016. The
accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto included on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Significant concentrations of credit risk  

Most of the Company's activities are with customers located
within Fairfield and New Haven Counties and the surrounding region of Connecticut, and declines in property values in these areas
could significantly impact the Company. The Company has significant concentrations in commercial real estate loans. Management
does not believe they present any special risk. The Company does not have any significant concentrations in any one industry or
customer. 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

Reclassification  

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform
to the 2016 financial statement presentation. These reclassifications only changed the reporting categories and did not affect
the consolidated results of operations or consolidated financial position. 

Recent accounting pronouncements  

The following section includes changes in accounting principles
and potential effects of new accounting guidance and pronouncements. 

ASU No. 2014-09   Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).  The ASU establishes a single comprehensive model for an entity to recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled, and will supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance, to clarify and converge
revenue recognition principles under US GAAP and IFRS. The update outlines five steps to recognizing revenue: (i) identify
the contracts with the customer; (ii) identify the separate performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the
transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the separate performance obligations; (v) recognize revenue when
each performance obligation is satisfied. The update requires more comprehensive disclosures, relating to quantitative and
qualitative information for amounts, timing, the nature and uncertainty of revenue, and cash flows arising from contracts
with customers, which will mainly impact construction and high-tech industries. The most significant potential impact to
banking entities relates to less prescriptive derecognition requirements on the sale of OREO property. In August 2015, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date. The
amendments in ASU 2015-14 defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for all entities by one year. Accordingly, the
amendments are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for
annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. An entity may elect either a full retrospective or a
modified retrospective application. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact on
the Company's financial statements. 

ASU No. 2014-12, Compensation
  Stock Compensation (Topic 718):    Accounting for
Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite
Service Period (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force).    
The ASU provides explicit guidance to account for a performance target that could be achieved after the requisite service
period as a performance condition. For awards within the scope of this update, the Task Force decided that an entity should
apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to share-based payments with performance conditions that affect vesting.
Consistent with that guidance, performance conditions that affect vesting should not be reflected in estimating the fair
value of an award at the grant date. Compensation cost should be recognized when it is probable that the performance target
will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period for which the requisite service has
already been rendered. If the performance target becomes probable of being achieved before the end of the requisite service
period, the remaining unrecognized compensation cost should be recognized prospectively over the remaining requisite service
period. The total amount of compensation cost recognized during and after the requisite service period should reflect the
number of awards that are expected to vest and should be adjusted to reflect those awards that ultimately vest. The
amendments were effective for the Company as of January 1, 2016. This ASU did not impact the Company   s
financial statements and the Company does not expect the application of this guidance will have a material impact on the
Company   s financial statements in the future. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Unaudited)   

ASU No. 2015-03, Interest Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-20):    Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance
Costs.     The amendments in this ASU require that debt
issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying
amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs
are not affected by the amendments in this ASU. The amendments are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
15, 2015, with early adoption permitted. The Company elected to early adopt the provisions of ASU 2015-03 upon issuance of its
subordinated debentures on August 19, 2015 and recorded $0.5 million of debt issuance costs incurred as a direct deduction from
the debt liability. 

ASU No. 2016-01,
Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10):    Recognition
and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.    
The ASU has been issued to improve the recognition and measurement of financial instruments by requiring 1)
equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation
of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income; 2) separate presentation
of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or
the accompanying notes to the financial statements; 3) the use of the exit price notion when measuring fair value of
financial instruments for disclosure purposes; and 4) separate presentation by the reporting organization in other
comprehensive income for the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting from the change in the
instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as    own
credit   ) when the organization has elected to measure
the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments. The standard is effective for
the Company beginning on January 1, 2018. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material
impact on the Company   s financial statements. 

ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842).  The
amendments in this ASU require lessees to recognize, on the balance sheet, assets and liabilities for the rights and obligations
created by leases. Accounting by lessors will remain largely unchanged. The guidance will be effective for annual periods, and
interim periods within those annual periods, beginning, for the Company, on January 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. Adoption
will require a modified retrospective transition where the lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at
the beginning of the earliest period presented. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material
impact on the Company   s financial statements. 

ASU 2016-09, Compensation Stock
  Compensation (Topic 718):    Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.     This ASU
changes how companies account for certain aspects of share-based payments to employees. Entities will be required to
recognize the income tax effects of awards in the statement of income when the awards vest or are settled, the guidance on
employers    accounting for an employee   s
use of shares to satisfy the employer   s statutory
income tax withholding obligation and for forfeitures is changing and the update requires companies to present excess tax
benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. The amendments in this
update will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2017 and interim periods within that annual period. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company   s
financial statements. 

ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The ASU changes the impairment model for
most financial assets and certain other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans
and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking    expected
loss    model that will replace today   s
   incurred loss  
 model and can result in the earlier recognition of credit losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized
as an allowance. The amendments in this update will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2020, including interim periods
within that fiscal year. Early adoption is permitted as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Management is currently evaluating the impact of its pending adoption of this guidance on the
Company   s financial statements. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash
Flows (Topic 230):    Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments.     This ASU changes how certain cash
receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows under Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows,
and other Topics. The amendments address the classification of the following eight items in the statement of cash flows; debt
prepayment or debt extinguishment costs, settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments or other debt instruments with coupon interest
rates that are insignificant in relation to the effective interest rate of the borrowing, contingent consideration payments made
after a business combination, proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims, proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned
life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies, distributions received from equity method investees, beneficial
interests in securitization transactions and separately identifiable cash flows and application of the Predominance Principle.
The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those
fiscal years. The Company does not expect the application of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company   s
financial statements. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

2.    Investment Securities    

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and fair
value of available for sale and held to maturity securities at September 30, 2016 were as follows: 

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  (Unaudited)  

The amortized cost, gross unrealized gains and losses and fair
value of available for sale and held to maturity securities at December 31, 2015 were as follows: 

The realized gain on the sale of investment
securities totaled $92 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There were no sales of or realized gains or losses
on investment securities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, securities with approximate fair values of $6.1 million and $5.9 million were pledged as collateral for public deposits,
respectively. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

The following table provides information
regarding investment securities with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities
had been in a continuous unrealized loss position at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

There were 5 and 29 investment securities
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, in which the fair value of the security was less than the amortized
cost of the security. 

The U.S. Government and agency obligations
owned are either direct obligations of the U.S. Government or are issued by one of the shareholder-owned corporations chartered
by the U.S. Government, therefore the contractual cash flows are guaranteed and as a result the unrealized losses in this portfolio
are not considered other than temporarily impaired. 

The Company continually monitors its state
agency, U.S. Territories, municipal and corporate bond portfolios and at this time these portfolios have minimal default risk
because state agency, U.S. Territories, municipal and corporate bonds are all rated above investment grade except for one U.S.
Territory bond (a Commonwealth of Puerto Rico senior lien sales tax financing corporate bond or  COFINA  bond) with
a cost of $995.0 thousand and a market value of $747.5 thousand as of September 30, 2016 that is rated two levels below investment
grade. The Company has determined that the unrealized loss on this U.S. Territory bond is, as of September 30, 2016, not other
than temporarily impaired because payments are backed by a senior lien position on dedicated cash receipts from sales tax revenue
with strong debt service coverage. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, on November 2, 2016, the Company sold the COFINA bond resulting
in a $251.6 thousand realized loss. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

3.    Loans
                                         Receivable and Allowance for Loan Losses    

Loans acquired in connection with the
Wilton acquisition in November 2013 and the Quinnipiac acquisition in October 2014 are referred to as    acquired  
 loans as a result of the manner in which they are accounted for. All other loans are referred to as    originated  
 loans. Accordingly, selected credit quality disclosures that follow are presented separately for the originated loan portfolio
and the acquired loan portfolio. 

The following table sets forth a summary
of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Lending activities are conducted principally
in the Fairfield and New Haven county regions of Connecticut, and consist of residential and commercial real estate loans, commercial
business loans and a variety of consumer loans. Loans may also be granted for the construction of residential homes and commercial
properties. All residential and commercial mortgage loans are typically collateralized by first or second mortgages on real estate. 

Certain acquired loans were determined
to have evidence of credit deterioration at the acquisition date. Such loans are accounted for in accordance with ASC 310-30. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

The following table summarizes activity in the accretable yields for the acquired loan portfolio that falls under the purview of ASC 310-30: 

a)    Represents changes in cash flows expected to
be collected due to loan sales or payoffs. 

Risk management  

The Company has established
credit policies applicable to each type of lending activity in which it engages. The Company evaluates the creditworthiness of
each customer and extends credit of up to 80% of the market value of the collateral, depending on the borrowers  creditworthiness
and the type of collateral. The borrower   s ability to service
the debt is monitored on an ongoing basis. Real estate is the primary form of collateral. Other important forms of collateral
are business assets, time deposits and marketable securities. While collateral provides assurance as a secondary source of repayment,
the Company ordinarily requires the primary source of repayment to be based on the borrower s ability to generate continuing cash
flows. The Company   s policy for residential lending allows
that, generally, the amount of the loan may not exceed 80% of the original appraised value of the property. In certain situations,
the amount may exceed 80% LTV either with private mortgage insurance being required for that portion of the residential loan in
excess of 80% of the appraised value of the property or where secondary financing is provided by a housing authority program second
mortgage, a community   s low/moderate income housing program,
a religious or civic organization. Private mortgage insurance may be required for that portion of the residential first mortgage
loan in excess of 80% of the appraised value of the property. 

Credit quality of loans and the
allowance for loan losses  

Management segregates the loan
portfolio into portfolio segments which is defined as the level at which the Company develops and documents a systematic method
for determining its allowance for loan losses. The portfolio segments are segregated based on loan types and the underlying risk
factors present in each loan type. Such risk factors are periodically reviewed by management and revised as deemed appropriate. 

The Company s loan portfolio is segregated into the following
portfolio segments: 

Residential Real Estate:
 This portfolio segment consists of the origination of first mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family owner occupied residential
properties and residential construction loans to individuals to finance the construction of residential dwellings for personal
use located in our market area. 

Commercial Real Estate:
 This portfolio segment includes loans secured by commercial real estate, non-owner occupied one-to-four family and multi-family
dwellings for property owners and businesses in our market area. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally have larger
loan balances and more credit risk than owner occupied one-to-four family mortgage loans. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

Construction : This portfolio
segment includes commercial construction loans for commercial development projects, including condominiums, apartment buildings,
and single family subdivisions as well as office buildings, retail and other income producing properties and land loans, which
are loans made with land as security. Construction and land development financing generally involves greater credit risk than
long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy
of the initial estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest)
of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost proves to be inaccurate, the Company may be required
to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if
the estimated value of the completed project proves to be inaccurate, the borrower may hold a property with a value that is insufficient
to assure full repayment. Construction loans also expose the Company to the risks that improvements will not be completed on time
in accordance with specifications and projected costs and that repayment will depend on the successful operation or sale of the
properties, which may cause some borrowers to be unable to continue with debt service which exposes the Company to greater risk
of non-payment and loss. 

Home Equity : This portfolio
segment primarily includes home equity loans and home equity lines of credit secured by owner occupied one-to-four family residential
properties. Loans of this type are written at a combined maximum of 80% of the appraised value of the property and the Company
requires a first or second lien position on the property. These loans can be affected by economic conditions and the values of
the underlying properties. 

Commercial Business:  This
portfolio segment includes commercial business loans secured by assignments of corporate assets and personal guarantees of the
business owners. Commercial business loans generally have higher interest rates and shorter terms than other loans, but they also
may involve higher average balances, increased difficulty of loan monitoring and a higher risk of default since their repayment
generally depends on the successful operation of the borrower s business. 

Consumer:  This portfolio segment includes
loans secured by savings or certificate accounts, or automobiles, as well as unsecured personal loans and overdraft lines of credit.
This type of loan entails greater risk than residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of loans that are unsecured or
secured by assets that depreciate rapidly. 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

Allowance for loan losses  

The following tables set forth the activity in the Company   s
allowance for loan losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, by portfolio segment: 

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following tables are a summary,
by portfolio segment and impairment methodology, of the allowance for loan losses and related portfolio balances at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Credit
quality indicators   

The Company s
policies provide for the classification of loans into the following categories: pass, special mention, substandard, doubtful and
loss. Consistent with regulatory guidelines, loans that are considered to be of lesser quality are classified as substandard,
doubtful, or loss assets. A loan is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying
capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard loans include those loans characterized by the distinct
possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Loans classified as doubtful have all
of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection
or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Loans
classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as loans is not warranted.
Loans that do not expose the Company to risk sufficient to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories, but
which possess potential weaknesses that deserve close attention, are designated as special mention.  

Loans that are considered to be
impaired are analyzed to determine whether a loss is possible and if so, a calculation is performed to determine the possible
loss amount. If it is determined that the loss amount is $0, no reserve is held against the asset. If a loss is calculated, then
a specific reserve for that asset is determined.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following tables are a summary
of the loan portfolio quality indicators by portfolio segment at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Loan
portfolio aging analysis   

When a loan
is 15 days past due, the Company sends the borrower a late notice. The Company also contacts the borrower by phone if the delinquency
is not corrected promptly after the notice has been sent.  

When the loan
is 30 days past due, the Company mails the borrower a letter reminding the borrower of the delinquency, and attempts to contact
the borrower personally to determine the reason for the delinquency and ensure the borrower understands the terms of the loan.
If necessary, subsequent delinquency notices are issued and the account will be monitored on a regular basis thereafter. By the
90th day of delinquency, the Company will send the borrower a final demand for payment or may take other appropriate legal action.
A summary report of all loans 30 days or more past due is provided to the board of directors of the Company each month. Loans
greater than 90 days past due are generally put on nonaccrual status. A nonaccrual loan is restored to accrual status when it
is no longer delinquent and collectability of interest and principal is no longer in doubt. A loan is considered to be no longer
delinquent when timely payments are made for a period of at least six months (one year for loans providing for quarterly or semi-annual
payments) by the borrower in accordance with the contractual terms.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following tables set forth certain
information with respect to our loan portfolio delinquencies by portfolio segment and amount as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

There were
no loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing as of September 30, 2016 and there were $1.1 million of
loans delinquent greater than 90 days and still accruing as of December 31, 2015.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Loans on nonaccrual
status   

The following is a summary of nonaccrual
loans by portfolio segment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The amount
of income that was contractually due but not recognized on originated nonaccrual loans totaled $15 thousand and $38 thousand,
respectively for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015. The amount of income that was contractually due but not
recognized on originated nonaccrual loans totaled $39 thousand and $110 thousand, respectively for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, and 2015. There was no and $3 thousand actual interest income recognized on these loans for the nine months ended September
30, 2016, and 2015, respectively.  

At September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no and $169 thousand of commitments to lend additional funds to any borrower on nonaccrual
status, respectively.  

The preceding
table excludes acquired loans that are accounted for as purchased credit impaired loans totaling $0.0 million and $1.1 million,
respectively at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. Such loans otherwise meet the Company s definition of a nonperforming
loan but are excluded because the loans are included in loan pools that are considered performing. The discounts arising from
recording these loans at fair value were due, in part, to credit quality. The acquired loans are accounted for on either a pool
or individual basis and the accretable yield is being recognized as interest income over the life of the loans based on expected
cash flows.  

Impaired
loans   

An impaired
loan generally is one for which it is probable, based on current information, the Company will not collect all the amounts due
under the contractual terms of the loan. Loans are individually evaluated for impairment. When the Company classifies a problem
loan as impaired, it provides a specific valuation allowance for that portion of the asset that is deemed uncollectible.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following
table summarizes impaired loans by portfolio segment as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following table summarizes the
average recorded investment balance of impaired loans and interest income recognized on impaired loans by portfolio segment as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Troubled debt
restructurings (TDRs)   

Modifications
to a loan are considered to be a troubled debt restructuring when one or both of the following conditions is met: 1) the borrower
is experiencing financial difficulties and/or 2) the modification constitutes a concession that is not in line with market rates
and/or terms. Modified terms are dependent upon the financial position and needs of the individual borrower. Troubled debt restructurings
are classified as impaired loans.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

If a performing loan is restructured
into a TDR it remains in performing status. If a nonperforming loan is restructured into a TDR, it continues to be carried in
nonaccrual status. Nonaccrual classification may be removed if the borrower demonstrates compliance with the modified terms for
a minimum of six months.  

The recorded investment in TDRs
was $4.7 million at September 30, 2016 and $7.3 million at December 31, 2015.  

The following tables present loans whose terms were
modified as TDRs during the periods presented:  

All
TDRs at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were performing in compliance with their modified terms, except for two
non-accrual loans totaling $1.0 million at September 30, 2016 and two non-accrual loans totaling $1.1 million at December
31, 2015.  

The following
table provides information on how loans were modified as a TDR during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

There were
no loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring, for which there was a payment default during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

4.      Shareholders 
                                         Equity     

Common stock   

On May 15,
2014, the Company priced 2,702,703 common shares in its initial public offering (   IPO   )
at $18.00 per share, and on May 15, 2014, Bankwell common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company issued
a total of 2,702,703 common shares in its IPO, which closed on May 20, 2014. The net proceeds from the IPO were approximately
$44.7 million, after deducting the underwriting discount of approximately $2.5 million and approximately $1.3 million of expenses.  

Prior to the
public offering, the Company issued shares in various offerings.  

Preferred
stock   

In 2011,
the Company elected to participate in the Treasury   s
Small Business Lending Fund Program (   SBLF   ).  

The Company
sold 10,980 shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series C, no par (the    Series
C Preferred Stock   ), having a liquidation preference of
$1,000 per preferred share, to the Treasury. The transaction resulted in net capital proceeds to the Company of $5.9 million,
of which at least 90% was invested in the Bank as Tier 1 Capital.  

The Series
C Preferred stock paid noncumulative dividends. The Company paid dividends at a rate of 1.0% since issuance.  

On
November 20, 2015 the Company redeemed the $10.98 million (10,980 shares) of preferred stock. The shares were redeemed at
their liquidation value of $1,000 per share plus accrued dividends through November 20, 2015. The redemption was approved by
the Company   s primary federal regulator and was funded
with the Company   s surplus capital. With this
redemption, the Company has redeemed all of its outstanding SBLF stock.  

Warrants   

Bank of New
Canaan   s October 26, 2006 Stock Offering and the July 10,
2007 Private Placement (the    Offerings   )
called for the issuance of Units. Each Unit issued pursuant to the Offerings represented one share of common stock and one nontransferable
warrant. The warrants were exercisable at any time from and including October 1, 2009 and prior to or on November 30, 2009, unless
extended or accelerated by the board of directors in their discretion. The board of directors extended the exercise period to
October 5, 2015 through December 5, 2015. Each warrant allowed a holder to purchase .3221 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $14.00 per share. 945,789 Warrants were available to purchase up to 304,639 shares of common stock at $14.00 per share
for a maximum offering of $4,264,946. As a result of the offering, 838,369 warrants were exercised for 269,992 shares of common
stock for total gross proceeds of $3,779,888. There are no longer any outstanding warrants following the close of this offering.  

As a result
of the acquisition of Quinnipiac on October 1, 2014 the Company issued 68,600 warrants to former Quinnipiac warrant holders in
accordance with the merger agreement. Each warrant was automatically converted into a warrant to purchase 0.56 shares of the Company   s
common stock for an exercise price of $17.86. None of the warrants have been exercised as of September 30, 2016. The warrants
expire on March 6, 2018.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Dividends   

The Company   s
shareholders are entitled to dividends when and if declared by the board of directors, out of funds legally available. The ability
of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. In accordance with
Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank   s
profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying
dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements.  

On January
27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared a $0.05
per share cash dividend, payable February 22, 2016 to shareholders of record on February 12, 2016. On April 27, 2016 the Company   s
Board of Directors declared a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable May 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on May 16, 2016. On
July 27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared
a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable August 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on August 16, 2016. Subsequent to September
30, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a $0.07 per share cash dividend, payable November 28, 2016 to shareholders
of record on November 18, 2016, representing a 40% increase when compared to the last quarter.  

The
Company did not repurchase any of its common stock during 2016 or 2015.  

5.      Comprehensive
                                         Income     

Comprehensive
income represents the sum of net income and items of other comprehensive income or loss, including net unrealized gains or losses
on securities available for sale and net unrealized gains or losses on derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges. The Company   s
total comprehensive income or loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is reported in the Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income.  

The following
tables present the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component, net of tax for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

6.      Earnings per Share     

Basic earnings
per share (   EPS   )
is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding
for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common
stock (such as stock options) were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then
shared in earnings. Restricted stock awards include the right to receive non forfeitable dividends, and are therefore, considered
to participate with common stock in undistributed earnings for purposes of computing EPS.  

The Company   s
unvested restricted stock awards are participating securities, and therefore, are included in the computation of both basic and
diluted earnings per common share. EPS is calculated using the two class method, under which calculations (1) exclude from the
numerator any dividends paid or owed on participating securities and any undistributed earnings considered to be attributable
to participating securities and (2) exclude from the denominator the dilutive impact of the participating securities.  

The following
is a reconciliation of earnings available to common shareholders and basic weighted average common shares outstanding to diluted
weighted average common shares outstanding, reflecting the application of the two-class method:  

7.      Regulatory
                                         Matters     

The Federal Reserve, the FDIC and
the other federal and state bank regulatory agencies establish regulatory capital guidelines for U.S. banking organizations.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

As of January
1, 2015, the Company and the Bank became subject to new capital rules set forth by the Federal Reserve, the FDIC and the other
federal and state bank regulatory agencies. The capital rules revise the banking agencies  
 leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk weighted assets to make them consistent
with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act (the
Basel III Capital Rules).  

The Basel III
Capital Rules establish a new minimum common equity Tier 1 capital requirement of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets; set the minimum
leverage ratio at 4% of total assets; increased the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets requirement from 4% to 6%;
and retained the minimum total capital to risk weighted assets requirement at 8.0%. A    well-capitalized  
 institution must generally maintain capital ratios 100-200 basis points higher than the minimum guidelines.  

The Basel III
Capital Rules also change the risk weights assigned to certain assets. The Basel III Capital Rules assigned a higher risk weight
(150%) to loans that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain commercial real estate facilities
that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The Basel III Capital Rules also alter the risk weighting
for other assets, including marketable equity securities that are risk weighted generally at 300%. The Basel III Capital Rules
require certain components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory
capital requirements unless a one-time opt-out is exercised. The Bank did exercise its opt-out option and will exclude the unrealized
gain (loss) on investment securities component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from regulatory capital.  

The Basel III
Capital Rules limit a banking organization   s capital distributions
and certain discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a    capital
conservation buffer    consisting of 2.5% of regulatory risk
based capital ratios in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The required minimum
conservation buffer began to be phased in incrementally, starting at 0.625% on January 1, 2016 and will increase to 1.25% on January
1, 2017, 1.875% on January 1, 2018 and 2.5% on January 1, 2019.  

Failure to
meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that,
if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company   s
consolidated financial statements.  

Management believes, as of September
30, 2016, the Bank and Company meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and satisfies the criteria for
a    well capitalized  
 institution. There are no conditions or events since then that management believes have changed this conclusion.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The capital amounts and ratios for
the Bank and the Company at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Restrictions
on dividends   

The ability
of the Company to pay dividends depends, in part, on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the Company. In accordance with
Connecticut statutes, regulatory approval is required to pay dividends in excess of the Bank   s
profits retained in the current year plus retained profits from the previous two years. The Bank is also prohibited from paying
dividends that would reduce its capital ratios below minimum regulatory requirements.  

8.      Stock-Based
                                         Compensation     

Equity
award plans   

The Company
has five equity award plans, which are collectively referred to as the    Plan.  
 The current plan under which any future issuances of equity awards will be made is the 2012 BNC Financial Group, Inc. Stock
Plan, or the    2012 Plan,  
 amended on June 26, 2013. All equity awards made under the 2012 Plan are made by means of an award agreement, which contains
the specific terms and conditions of the grant. To date, all equity awards have been in the form of share options or restricted
stock. At September 30, 2016, there were 480,807 shares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan.  

Stock Options :
The Company accounts for stock options based on the fair value at the date of grant and records option related expense over the
vesting period of such awards on a straight line basis. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded
expense related to options granted under the various share option plans of approximately $7 thousand and $11 thousand, respectively.  

There were
no options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  

A summary of
the status of outstanding share options as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is presented below:  

Intrinsic value
is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of an option on the exercise date. The
total intrinsic value of share options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $72 thousand.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Restricted Stock : Restricted
stock provides grantees with rights to shares of common stock upon completion of a service period. Shares of unvested restricted
stock are considered participating securities. Restricted stock awards generally vest over one to five years.  

The following table presents the
activity for restricted stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

The Company's
restricted stock expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $781 thousand and $796 thousand, respectively.  

Market Conditions
Restricted Stock : On December 9, 2014 the Company issued restricted stock with market and service conditions pursuant to the
Company   s 2012 Stock Plan. At the time of the grant, the
maximum number of shares that can vest was 49,400. The actual number of shares to be vested was based on market criteria over
a five-year period ending on December 1, 2019 based on the Company's stock price being at or above $25.00, $27.00 and $29.00 per
share over a 60-day consecutive period. These shares may have vested over a period from December 1, 2017 to December 1, 2019 based
on meeting the price targets. In addition, the grantees must have been employed with the Company on the vesting date to receive
the shares. The Company determined the fair value of these market condition awards in accordance with  ASC 718 Stock Compensation
 using the Monte Carlo simulation model deemed appropriate for this type of grant. The grant date fair value for these grants
was $11.63 for the awards that vest at the $25 stock price, $10.30 for the awards that vest at the $27 stock price and $9.10 for
the awards that vest at the $29 stock price. The grant date fair value for the Company   s
stock was $18.99 per share.  

In January
2016 the Company modified the market conditions restricted stock grant. The total shares originally granted for the $29.00 price
target have been modified to a time based restricted stock grant. The shares will vest over a four year period with the first
installment to vest on December 1, 2016 and the remaining shares to vest on each annual anniversary thereafter. In addition, the
shares originally granted for the $25.00 and $27.00 price targets have been modified. These shares may vest over a period from
the date of the modification to December 1, 2019 based on meeting the price targets. The price targets will be met when the 30
day average stock price meets or exceeds the price targets. The Company determined the fair market value of the modified awards
for the $25.00 and $27.00 price targets in accordance with  ASC 718 Stock Compensation  using the Monte Carlo simulation
model deemed appropriate for this type of modification. The Company will expense an incremental cost associated with this modification
of $2.19 for the awards that vest at the $25 stock price, $2.03 for the awards that vest at the $27 stock price and $13.66 for
the awards that were modified to a time based grant. The remaining and incremental expense will be recognized on a straight line
basis over the requisite service period. The Company recognized $161 thousand and $128 thousand in stock compensation expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 for these restricted stock awards, respectively.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

9.      Derivative
                                         Instruments     

Information about derivative
instruments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows:  

September 30, 2016:   

December 31, 2015:   

The effective
portion of unrealized changes in the fair value of derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges is reported in other comprehensive
income and subsequently reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged forecasted transaction
affects earnings. The Bank assesses the effectiveness of each hedging relationship by comparing the changes in cash flows of the
derivative hedging instrument with the changes in cash flows of the designated hedged item or transaction. The ineffective portion
of changes in the fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings.  

The Bank's
cash flow hedge positions are all forward starting interest rate swap transactions. The Bank entered into the following forward
starting interest rate swap transactions:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

This hedge
strategy converts the floating rate of interest on certain FHLB advances to fixed interest rates, thereby protecting the Bank
from floating interest rate variability.  

Changes in the consolidated statements
of comprehensive income related to interest rate derivatives designated as hedges of cash flows were as follows for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

10.      Fair Value of Financial
Instruments   

GAAP requires
disclosure of fair value information about financial instruments, whether or not recognized in the statement of condition, for
which it is practicable to estimate that value. In cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on
estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used,
including the discount rates and estimates of future cash flows. In that regard, the derived fair value estimates cannot be substantiated
by comparisons to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of the instrument.  

Management
uses its best judgment in estimating the fair value of the Company's financial instruments; however, there are inherent weaknesses
in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates presented herein
are not necessarily indicative of the amounts the Company could have realized in a sales transaction at either September 30, 2016
or December 31, 2015. The estimated fair value amounts have been measured as of the respective period-ends, and have not been
reevaluated or updated for purposes of these consolidated financial statements subsequent to those respective dates. As such,
the estimated fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective reporting dates may be different than the
amounts reported at each period-end.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The carrying
values, fair values and placement in the fair value hierarchy of the Company's financial instruments at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 were as follows:  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following
methods and assumptions were used by management in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments:  

Cash
and due from banks, federal funds sold and accrued interest receivable:  The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair
value.  

Investment
securities:  Fair values are based on quoted market prices or dealer quotes, if available. If a quoted market price is not
available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities.  

FHLB
stock:  The carrying value of FHLB stock approximates fair value based on the most recent redemption provisions of the FHLB.  

Loans
held for sale:  The fair value is based upon prevailing market prices for similar loans.  

Loans
receivable : For variable rate loans which reprice frequently and have no significant change in credit risk, fair values are
based on carrying values. The fair value of fixed rate loans are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the rates
at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities.  

Derivative
asset (liability):  The valuation of the Company   s interest
rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected
cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives,
including the period to maturity and interest rate curves.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Deposits:
 The fair value of demand deposits, regular savings and certain money market deposits is the amount payable on demand at the
reporting date. The fair value of certificates of deposit and other time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation
that applies interest rates currently being offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities to a schedule of aggregated expected
maturities on such deposits.  

Borrowings
and Subordinated Debentures:  The fair value of the Company   s
borrowings and subordinated debentures is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies discount rates currently
offered based on similar maturities.  

11.      Fair
                                         Value Measurements     

The Company
is required to account for certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis. As discussed in
Note 1, the Company determines fair value in accordance with GAAP, which defines fair value and establishes a framework for measuring
fair value. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit
price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
on the measurement date. GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs
and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may
be used to measure fair values:  

Level 1       Quoted
prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the
measurement date.  

Level  2    Significant
other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar as s ets or liabilities; quoted prices
in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 

Level  3    Significant
unobservable inputs that reflect a company's own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. 

Valuation techniques
based on unobservable inputs are highly subjective and require judgments regarding significant matters such as the amount and
timing of future cash flows and the selection of discount rates that may appropriately reflect market and credit risks. Changes
in these judgments often have a material impact on the fair value estimates. In addition, since these estimates are as of a specific
point in time they are susceptible to material near-term changes.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Financial instruments
measured at fair value on a recurring basis   

The following tables detail the
financial instruments carried at fair value on a recurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and indicates the
fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine the fair value. The Company had no transfers
into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Available
for sale investment securities : The fair value of the Company's investment securities are estimated by using pricing models
or quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics (i.e. matrix pricing) and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation
hierarchy.  

Derivative
liabilities:  The Company   s derivative liabilities consist
of transactions as part of management   s strategy to manage
interest rate risk. The valuation of the Company   s interest
rate swaps is obtained from a third-party pricing service and is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected
cash flows of each derivative. The pricing analysis is based on observable inputs for the contractual terms of the derivatives,
including the period to maturity and interest rate curves. The Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to
value its interest rate derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Financial instruments
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis   

Certain assets
are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These include assets that are measured at the-lower-of-cost-or-market
that were recognized at fair value below cost at the end of the period as well as assets that are not measured at fair value on
an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

The following
table details the financial instruments carried at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine the fair value:  

The following
table presents information about quantitative inputs and assumptions for Level 3 financial instruments carried at fair value on
a nonrecurring basis at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

Impaired
loans:  Loans are generally not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Periodically, the Company records nonrecurring
adjustments to the carrying value of loans based on fair value measurements for partial charge-offs of the uncollectible portions
of those loans. Nonrecurring adjustments also include certain impairment amounts for collateral-dependent loans calculated in
accordance with ASC 310-10 when establishing the allowance for credit losses. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value
of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Collateral is typically valued using appraisals or other indications of value
based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or other assumptions. Estimates of fair value based on collateral are generally
based on assumptions not observable in the marketplace and therefore such valuations have been classified as Level 3. For those
loans where the primary source of repayment is cash flow from operations, adjustments include impairment amounts calculated based
on the perceived collectability of interest payments on the basis of a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing a discount rate
equivalent to the original note rate.  

Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc.   

   NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   (Unaudited)   

Foreclosed
real estate:  The Company classifies property acquired through foreclosure or acceptance of deed-in-lieu of foreclosure as
foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets in its financial statements. Upon foreclosure, the property securing the loan is
written down to fair value less selling costs. The write-down is based upon differences between the appraised value and the book
value. Appraisals are based on observable market data such as comparable sales, however assumptions made in determining comparability
are unobservable and therefore these assets are classified as Level 3 within the valuation hierarchy.  

12.      Subordinated
                                         Debentures     

On August 19,
2015 the Company completed a private placement of $25.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rate subordinated notes
(the    Notes   )
to certain institutional investors. The Notes are non-callable for five years, have a stated maturity of August 15, 2025, and
bear interest at a quarterly pay fixed rate of 5.75% per annum to the maturity date or the early redemption date.  

The Notes have
been structured to qualify for the Company as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company will use the net proceeds
from the sales of the Notes for general corporate purposes as well as providing equity capital to the Bank. The Notes were assigned
an investment grade rating of BBB by Kroll Bond Rating Agency, which was reaffirmed in the third quarter of 2016.  

Item 2.
Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations   

This section
presents management   s perspective on our financial condition
and results of operations. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim consolidated
financial statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this report on Form 10-Q. To the extent that this discussion describes
prior performance, the descriptions relate only to the periods listed, which may not be indicative of future financial outcomes.
In addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that could cause results to differ materially from management   s
expectations. Factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the Company   s
Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31, 2015 in the sections titled    Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    and    Risk
Factors    We assume no obligation to update any of these
forward-looking statements.   

General   

Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc. is a bank holding company headquartered in New Canaan, Connecticut. Through our wholly owned subsidiary, Bankwell
Bank, or the Bank, we serve small and medium-sized businesses and retail customers in greater Fairfield and New Haven Counties,
Connecticut. We have a history of building long-term customer relationships and attracting new customers through what we believe
is our strong customer service and our ability to deliver a diverse product offering.  

The following
discussion and analysis presents our results of operations and financial condition on a consolidated basis. However, because we
conduct all of our material business operations through the Bank, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily
conducted at the Bank.  

As a bank holding
company, we generate most of our revenue from interest on loans and investments and fee-based revenues. Our primary source of
funding for our loans is deposits. Our largest expenses are interest on these deposits and salaries and related employee benefits.
We measure our performance primarily through our net interest margin, efficiency ratio, ratio of allowance for loan losses to
total loans, return on average assets and return on average equity, among other metrics, while maintaining appropriate regulatory
leverage and risk-based capital ratios.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

The discussion
and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make significant
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results could
differ from our current estimates, as a result of changing conditions and future events. The current economic environment has
increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these significant estimates.  

We believe
that accounting estimates for the allowance for loan losses, stock-based compensation and derivative instrument valuation are
particularly critical and susceptible to significant near-term change. These accounting estimates are discussed further in the
Company   s Form 10-K filed for the year ended December 31,
2015 in the section    Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  
 under Management   s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations.  

Executive
Overview   

We are focused
on being the    Hometown  
 bank and the banking provider of choice in our highly attractive market area, and to serve as a locally based alternative
to our larger competitors. We aim to do this through:  

responsive,
                                         customer-centric products and services and a community focus;    

strategic
                                         acquisitions;    

utilization
                                         of efficient and scalable infrastructure;    

disciplined
                                         focus on risk management; and    

organic
                                         growth.    

On November
5, 2013 we completed the merger of Wilton Bank into Bankwell Bank. The Wilton Bank had one branch located in Wilton, Connecticut.  

On May 15,
2014, Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. priced 2,702,703 common shares in its IPO at $18.00 per share, and on May 15, 2014, Bankwell
common shares began trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $44.7 million, after
deducting the underwriting discount of approximately $2.5 million and approximately $1.3 million of expenses. We used the net
proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included maintaining liquidity at the holding company, providing equity capital
to the Bank to fund balance sheet growth, our working capital needs, and funding acquisitions of branches and whole financial
institutions in or around our existing market that furthered our objectives.  

On October
1, 2014 Quinnipiac merged with and into Bankwell Bank. Quinnipiac had one branch located in Hamden, Connecticut and a second branch
located in the neighboring town of North Haven, Connecticut.  

On August 19,
2015 the Company completed a private placement of $25.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed rated subordinated notes
(the    Notes   )
to certain institutional investors. The Notes are non-callable for five years, have a stated maturity of August 15, 2025, and
bear interest at a quarterly pay fixed rate of 5.75% per year to the maturity date or the early redemption date.  

On November
20, 2015 the Company redeemed $10.98 million (10,980 shares) of preferred stock issued pursuant to the United States Department
of Treasury (   Treasury    )
under the Small Business Lending Fund Program (the    SBLF   ).
The shares were redeemed at their liquidation value of $1,000 per share plus accrued dividends through November 20, 2015. The
redemption was approved by the Company   s primary federal
regulator and was funded with the Company   s surplus capital.
With this redemption, the Company has redeemed all of its outstanding SBLF stock.  

On January
27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared a $0.05
per share cash dividend, payable February 22, 2016 to shareholders of record on February 12, 2016. On April 27, 2016 the Company   s
Board of Directors declared a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable May 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on May 16, 2016. On
July 27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared
a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable August 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on August 16, 2016. Subsequent to September
30, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors declared a $0.07 per share cash dividend, payable November 28, 2016 to shareholders
of record on November 18, 2016, representing a 40% increase when compared to the last quarter.  

Earnings
Overview   

Net income
available to common shareholders was $3.1 million, or $0.41 per diluted share, and $2.2 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Returns on average equity and average assets for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 were 8.96% and 0.85%, respectively, compared to 6.92% and 0.69%, respectively, for the three months ended
September 30, 2015.  

Net income
available to common shareholders was $9.0 million, or $1.19 per diluted share, and $6.3 million, or $0.87 per diluted share, for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Returns on average equity and average assets for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 were 8.84% and 0.85%, respectively, compared to 6.45% and 0.74%, respectively, for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  

For the three
months ended September 30, 2016, we had net interest income of $12.5 million, an increase of $1.6 million, or 14.7%, over the
three months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin (fully taxable equivalent basis) for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was 3.57% and 3.67%, respectively. We experienced a decrease in our non-interest income, which totaled $750
thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 representing 5.6% of our total revenue, down from $1.2 million, or 10.0%
of total revenue, for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we had net interest income of $35.8 million, an increase of $4.3 million, or 13.5%, over the
nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin (fully taxable equivalent basis) for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015 was 3.54% and 3.83%, respectively. We experienced a decrease in our non-interest income, which totaled $2.3
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 representing 6.0% of our total revenue, down from $2.6 million, or 7.7% of
total revenue, for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Results
of Operations   

    Net Interest
Income    

Net interest
income is the difference between interest earned on loans and securities and interest paid on deposits and other borrowings, and
is the primary source of our operating income. Net interest income is affected by the level of interest rates, changes in interest
rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Included in interest
income are certain loan fees, such as deferred origination fees, late charges and the effect of deferred loan fees and costs accounted
for as yield adjustments. Premium amortization and discount accretion are included in the respective interest income and interest
expense amounts. The following tables and discussion present net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent, or FTE basis,
by adjusting income and yields on tax-exempt loans and securities to be comparable to taxable loans and securities. We convert
tax-exempt income to a FTE basis using the statutory federal income tax rate adjusted for applicable state income taxes net of
the related federal tax benefit. The average balances are principally daily averages.  

FTE net
interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $12.7 million and $11.1 million, respectively. FTE
net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $36.2 million and $31.9 million, respectively.
Net interest income was favorable impacted by higher average balances, offset by lower margins. Our net interest margin
decreased 10 basis points to 3.57% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015 and decreased 29 basis points to 3.54% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the nine
months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in the net interest margin was primarily due to higher rates on interest
bearing deposits driven by promotional rate increases to remain competitive in the market place and the addition of $25.5
million of 5.75% fixed rate subordinated  debentures
in August of 2015. 

FTE basis interest
income for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $2.5 million, or 18.7%, to $15.8 million, compared to FTE basis
interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2015 due primarily to loan growth in our commercial real estate and commercial
business portfolios. Average interest-earning assets were $1.4 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2016, up by $213.6
million or 17.7% compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average yield on interest earning assets was basically
flat, increasing slightly from 4.31% for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to 4.34% for the three months ended September
30, 2016 due mainly to higher yields on the Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, Cash and Fed Funds offsetting lower yields on commercial
real estate loans.  

FTE basis interest
income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $7.6 million, or 20.4%, to $44.8 million, compared to FTE basis
interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 due primarily to growth in our commercial real estate and commercial
business portfolios. Average interest-earning assets were $1.4 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, up by $257.3
million or 23.2% from the nine months ended September 30, 2015, offset by lower yields on earning assets. The average balance
of total loans increased $222.5 million, or 22.2%, contributing $7.8 million to the increase in interest income. Commercial real
estate and commercial business loan average balances grew by $171.1 million and $27.4 million, respectively. The average yield
on interest earning assets decreased from 4.42% for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 4.31% for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 due mainly to lower yields on newly originated loans.  

Interest expense
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, increased by $0.9 million, or 39.6%, compared to interest expense for the three
months ended September 30, 2015 due to a $185.5 million increase in the average balances of interest-bearing liabilities due to
higher average balances in money market accounts, time accounts and borrowed money, and increased rates on deposits, primarily
due to promotional rates on certificates of deposits to remain competitive in the market place and borrowed money as a result
of the issuance of the subordinated debt in August of 2015.  

Interest expense
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, increased by $3.3 million, or 61.4%, compared to interest expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015 due to a $235.0 million increase in the average balances of interest-bearing liabilities due to higher
average balances in money market accounts, time accounts and borrowed money, and increased rates on deposits, primarily due to
promotional rates on certificates of deposits to remain competitive in the market place and borrowed money as a result of the
issuance of the subordinated debt in August of 2015.  

Average
Balance Sheet, FTE basis Interest and Average Yields/Rates   

The following
tables present the average balances and yields earned on interest-earning assets and average balances and weighted average rates
paid on our funding liabilities for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

(1)    Average balances and yields for securities
                                         are based on amortized cost.    

(2)    Includes commercial and residential
                                         real estate construction.    

(4)    Annualized net interest income as a
                                         percentage of earning assets.    

(1)    Average balances and yields for securities
                                         are based on amortized cost.    

(2)    Includes commercial and residential
                                         real estate construction.    

(4)    Annualized net interest income as a
                                         percentage of earning assets.    

Effect of
changes in interest rates and volume of average earning assets and average interest-bearing liabilities   

The following
table shows the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in the volume of average earning assets and average interest-bearing
liabilities have affected net interest income. For each category of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information
is provided relating to: changes in volume (changes in average balances multiplied by the prior year   s
average interest rates); changes in rates (changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior year   s
average balances); and the total change. Changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately based
on the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of change in each.  

Provision for Loan Losses    

The provision
for loan losses is based on management   s periodic assessment
of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses which, in turn, is based on such interrelated factors as the composition of the
loan portfolio and its inherent risk characteristics, the level of nonperforming loans and net charge-offs, both current and historic,
local economic and credit conditions, the direction of real estate values, and regulatory guidelines. The provision for loan losses
is charged against earnings in order to maintain our allowance for loan losses and reflects management   s
best estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan portfolio at the balance sheet date.  

Under accounting
standards for business combinations, acquired loans are recorded at fair value with no loan loss allowance on the date of acquisition.
A provision for loan losses will be recorded for the emergence of new probable and estimable losses on acquired loans which were
not impaired as of the acquisition date.  

The provision
for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $1.2 million compared to $1.5 million provision for loan losses
for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was
$3.2 million compared to $2.9 million provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. For further information,
see sections titled Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses.  

Noninterest Income    

The following tables compare noninterest
income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:  

Noninterest
income decreased $461 thousand to $750 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the gains and fees from the sales of loans and other income.
During the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded $163 thousand of gains on the sale of $2.3 million of loans.
During the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company recorded $447 thousand in gains on the sale of $5.7 million of loans.
Other income decreased $176 thousand to $172 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in other income was driven by a decrease in income recognized on the early pay-off of purchased
credit impaired loans.  

Noninterest
income decreased $369 thousand to $2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in the gains and fees from the sales of loans, offset by gains
on the sale of foreclosed real estate and gains on the sale of available for sale securities. During the nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company recorded $387 thousand of gains on the sale of $5.8 million of loans. During the nine months ended September
30, 2015, the Company recorded $885 thousand in gains on the sale of $13.4 million of loans.  

Noninterest Expense    

The following
tables compare noninterest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015:  

Noninterest expense increased $323
thousand to $7.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015.
The increase was primarily driven by an increase in salaries and employee benefits and professional services. Salaries and employee
benefits increased $111 thousand to $3.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was a result of an increase in full time equivalent employees.
Total full time equivalent employees increased by 4 employees from 124 employees at September 30, 2015 to 128 employees at September
30, 2016. Professional services increased $182 thousand to $521 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase in professional services was a result of an increase in fees paid in
relation to strategic initiatives.  

Noninterest
expense increased $286 thousand to $21.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in professional services and occupancy and equipment expense,
offset be a decrease in salaries and employee benefits. Professional services increased $224 thousand for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of an increase in fees paid in relation to
strategic initiatives. Occupancy and equipment expense increased $206 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of an increase in IT related expenses to support growth initiatives and
rent expense related to the opening of the Norwalk branch in March of 2015. Salaries and employee benefits decreased $280 thousand
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 as a result of a decrease in
average full time equivalent employees. The average full time equivalent employees decreased by 3 employees from 127 average full
time equivalent employees for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 124 full time equivalent employees for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016.  

Income
Tax Expense    

Income tax
expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $1.4 million and $1.2 million, respectively. The effective
tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 31.4%, and 35.3%, respectively. Income tax expense for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 totaled $4.1 million and $3.4 million, respectively. The effective tax rates for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 31.3%, and 34.8%, respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate
is driven by the formation of the passive investment company (PIC) in the fourth quarter of 2015 which reduced state income taxes,
the decrease in the effective tax rate is partially offset by an increase in the federal tax rate from 34% to 35% due to the Company   s
growth.  

Financial
Condition   

    Summary    

At September
30, 2016, total assets were $1.6 billion, a $235.2 million, or 17.7%, increase over December 31, 2015. Total loans and deposits
were $1.3 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively at September 30, 2016. Our credit quality remained strong, with nonperforming
assets to total assets of 0.25% and the allowance for loan losses to total loans was 1.30%. Total shareholders  
 equity at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $140.6 million and $131.8 million, respectively. Tangible book value
was $18.57 per share at September 30, 2016 compared to $17.43 per share at December 31, 2015.  

Loan
Portfolio    

We originate
commercial and residential real estate loans, including construction loans, commercial business loans, home equity and other consumer
loans. Lending activities are primarily conducted within our market of Fairfield and New Haven Counties and the surrounding Connecticut
region. Our loan portfolio is the largest category of our earning assets. Loans acquired in connection with the Wilton acquisition
in November 2013 and the Quinnipiac acquisition in October 2014 are referred to as    acquired  
 loans as a result of the manner in which they are accounted for. All other loans are referred to as    originated  
 loans. Accordingly, selected disclosures that follow are presented separately for the originated loan portfolio and the
acquired loan portfolio.  

Total loans
before deferred loan fees and the allowance for loan losses were $1.3 billion at September 30, 2016, up by $178.7 million, or
15.6%, from December 31, 2015. Commercial real estate loans have experienced the most significant growth, up by $119.5 million.  

The following table compares the
composition of our loan portfolio for the dates indicated:  

Asset
Quality    

Asset quality
metrics remained strong through the third quarter of 2016. Nonperforming assets totaled $3.9 million and represented 0.25% of
total assets at September 30, 2016, compared to $5.0 million and 0.38% of total assets at December 31, 2015. Nonaccrual loans
totaled $3.6 million at September 30, 2016, a decrease of $0.1 million compared to December 31, 2015. The balance of foreclosed
real estate decreased $976 thousand and totaled $272 thousand at September 30, 2016 when compared to December 31, 2015.  

The following
table presents nonperforming assets and additional asset quality data for the dates indicated:  

Allowance
for Loan Losses    

Establishing
an appropriate level of allowance for loan losses, or the allowance, involves a high degree of judgment. We use a methodology
to systematically measure the amount of estimated loan loss exposure inherent in our loan portfolio for purposes of establishing
a sufficient allowance for loan losses. We evaluate the adequacy of the allowance at least quarterly. Our allowance for loan losses
is our best estimate of the probable loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. The allowance is
increased by provisions charged to earnings and by recoveries of amounts previously charged off, and is reduced by charge-offs
on loans.  

At September
30, 2016, our allowance for loan losses was $17.3 million and represented 1.30% of total loans, compared to $14.2 million, or
1.23% of total loans, at December 31, 2015. The net increase in the allowance primarily reflects a provision of $3.2 million.  

The following
tables present the activity in our allowance for loan losses and related ratios for the dates indicated, and include both originated
and acquired allowance activity:  

The following
tables present the allocation of the allowance for loan losses and the percentage of these loans to total loans for the dates
indicated:  

The allocation
of the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 reflects our assessment of credit risk and probable loss within each portfolio.
We believe that the level of the allowance for loan losses at September 30, 2016 is appropriate to cover probable losses.  

Investment
Securities    

At September
30, 2016, the carrying value of our investment securities portfolio totaled $99.7 million and represented 6.4% of total assets,
compared to $50.8 million and represented 3.8% of total assets at December 31, 2015. The increase of $48.9 million, or 96.2%,
primarily reflects purchases of U.S. Government agency obligations totaling $51.2 million and purchases of municipal bonds totaling
$6.8 million. We purchase investment grade securities with a focus on earnings, duration exposure and for use as collateral for
public funds.  

The net unrealized
gain position on our investment portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 was $1.5 million and $628 thousand, respectively
and included gross unrealized losses of $285 thousand and $461 thousand, respectively. The gross unrealized losses were concentrated
in State agency, U.S. territories and municipal obligations, reflecting the unrealized loss on the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
COFINA bond (   COFINA Bond   ).
The Company continually monitors its state agency, U.S. Territories, municipal and corporate bond portfolios and at this time
these portfolios have minimal default risk because state agency, U.S. Territories, municipal and corporate bonds are all rated
above investment grade except for one U.S. Territory bond (a Commonwealth of Puerto Rico senior lien sales tax financing corporate
bond or  COFINA  bond) with a cost of $995.0 thousand and a market value of $747.5 thousand as of September 30, 2016
that is rated two levels below investment grade. The Company has determined that the unrealized loss on this U.S. Territory bond
is, as of September 30, 2016, not other than temporarily impaired because payments are backed by a senior lien position on dedicated
cash receipts from sales tax revenue with strong debt service coverage. Subsequent to September 30, 2016, on November 2, 2016,
the Company sold the COFINA bond resulting in a $251.6 thousand realized loss.  

Sources
of Funds    

Total deposits
were $1.2 billion at September 30, 2016, an increase of $170.0 million, from the balance at December 31, 2015 primarily reflecting
increases in certificates of deposits and money market accounts. Certificates of deposit increased $157.9 million from $436.7
million at December 31, 2015 to $594.6 million at September 30, 2016. Money markets increased $30.0 million from $296.8 million
at December 31, 2015 to $326.8 million at September 30, 2016. Brokered deposits totaled $103.8 million at September 30, 2016 and
represent customer money reciprocal deposits for customers that desire FDIC protection and one way CDARS. Brokered deposits are
utilized as an additional source of funding.  

We utilize
advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, or FHLBB, as part of our overall funding strategy and to meet short-term liquidity
needs. Total FHLBB advances were $175.0 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $120.0 million at December 31, 2015. The increase
of $55.0 million, or 45.8%, reflects normal operating fluctuation in our borrowings.  

Liquidity    

The Company
is required to maintain levels of liquid assets sufficient to ensure the Company   s
safe and sound operation. Liquidity is defined as the ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet all present and future
funding requirements at reasonable costs. Our primary source of liquidity is deposits. Other sources of funding include discretionary
use of FHLBB term advances and other borrowings, cash flows from our investment securities portfolios, loan repayments and earnings.
Investment securities designated as available-for-sale may also be sold in response to short-term or long-term liquidity needs.  

The Company
anticipates that it will have sufficient funds available to meet its current loan and other commitments. As of September 30, 2016,
the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $96.1 million and available-for-sale securities of $82.8 million. At September 30,
2016, outstanding commitments to originate loans totaled $46.6 million and undisbursed funds from approved lines of credit, home
equity lines of credit and secured commercial lines of credit totaled $128.6 million. Time deposits scheduled to mature in one
year or less at September 30, 2016 totaled $369.3 million. Historically, the Company   s
deposit flow history has been that a significant portion of such deposits remain with the Company.  

Capital
Resources    

Total shareholders  
 equity was $140.6 million at September 30, 2016 compared to $131.8 million at December 31, 2015. The increase of $8.8 million
primarily reflected net income of $9.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The ratio of total equity to total
assets was 8.98% at September 30, 2016, which compares to 9.90% at December 31, 2015.  

The Bank is
subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital
requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could
have a direct material effect on the Company   s financial
statements. At September 30, 2016, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it was subject and exceeded the regulatory
minimum capital levels to be considered well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. At September
30, 2016, the Bank   s ratio of total common equity tier 1
capital to risk-weighted assets was 11.64%, total capital to risk-weighted assets was 12.89%, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets was 11.64% and Tier 1 capital to average assets was 10.45%.  

In July 2013,
the Federal Reserve published Basel III rules establishing a new comprehensive capital framework of U.S. banking organizations.
Under the rules, effective January 1, 2015 for the Company and Bank, the minimum capital ratios became a) 4.5%    Common
Equity Tier 1    to risk-weighted assets, b) 6.0% Tier 1 capital
to risk weighted assets and c) 8.0% total capital to risk-weighted assets. In addition, the new regulations imposed certain limitations
on dividends, share buy-backs, discretionary payments on Tier 1 instruments and discretionary bonuses to executive officers if
the organization does not maintain a capital conservation buffer for regulatory risk based capital ratios in an amount greater
than 2.5% of its risk-weighted assets, in addition to the amount needed to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements, phased
in over a 5 year period until January 1, 2019. The conservation buffer will be phased in incrementally, starting at 0.625% on
January 1, 2016 and will increase to 1.25% on January 1, 2017, 1.875% on January 1, 2018 and 2.5% on January 1, 2019. Accordingly,
while these rules started to be phased in on January 1, 2015 (and the capital conservation buffer on January 1, 2016), the Company
believes it is well positioned to meet the requirements as they become effective.  

On January
27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared a $0.05
per share cash dividend, payable February 22, 2016 to shareholders of record on February 12, 2016. On April 27, 2016 the Company   s
Board of Directors declared a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable May 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on May 16, 2016. On
July 27, 2016 the Company   s Board of Directors declared
a $0.05 per share cash dividend, payable August 26, 2016 to shareholders of record on August 16, 2016. Subsequent to September
30, 2016, the Company's Board of Directors declared a $0.07 per share cash dividend, payable November 28, 2016 to shareholders
of record on November 18, 2016, representing a 40% increase when compared to the last quarter.  

Interest
Rate Sensitivity Analysis    

We measure
interest rate risk using simulation analysis to calculate earnings and equity at risk. These risk measures are quantified using
simulation software from one of the leading firms in the field of asset/liability modeling. Key assumptions relate to the behavior
of interest rates and spreads, prepayment speeds and the run-off of deposits. From such simulations, interest rate risk, or IRR,
is quantified and appropriate strategies are formulated and implemented. We manage IRR by using two primary risk measurement techniques:
simulation of net interest income and simulation of economic value of equity. These two measurements are complementary and provide
both short-term and long-term risk profiles for the Company. Because income simulations assume that our balance sheet will remain
static over the simulation horizon, the results do not reflect adjustments in strategy that the Asset and Liability Committee
could implement in response to rate shifts.  

We use two
sets of standard scenarios to measure net interest income at risk; Parallel Ramp and Parallel Shock. For the Parallel Ramp scenario,
rate changes are ramped over a twelve-month horizon based upon a parallel yield curve shift and then maintained at those levels
over the remainder of the simulation horizon. The Parallel Shock scenario assumes instantaneous parallel movements in the yield
curve compared to the current yield curve. Simulation analysis involves projecting a future balance sheet structure and interest
income and expense under the various rate scenarios. Internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently specifies
that for instantaneous parallel shifts of the yield curve, estimated net income at risk for the subsequent one-year period should
not decline by more than: 6% for a 100 basis point shift; 12% for a 200 basis point shift and 18% for a 300 basis point shift.  

The following
tables set forth the estimated percentage change in our net interest income at risk over one-year simulation periods beginning
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

We conduct
economic value of equity at risk simulation in tandem with net interest income simulations, to ascertain a longer term view of
our interest rate risk position by capturing longer-term re-pricing risk and options risk embedded in the balance sheet. It measures
the sensitivity of economic value of equity to changes in interest rates. Economic value of equity at risk simulation values only
the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions used in income simulation. As with the net interest
income simulation, this simulation captures product characteristics such as loan resets, re-pricing terms, maturity dates, rate
caps and floors. Key assumptions include loan prepayment speeds, deposit pricing elasticity and non-maturity deposit attrition
rates. These assumptions can have significant impacts on valuation results as the assumptions remain in effect for the entire
life of each asset and liability. We conduct non-maturity deposit behavior studies on a periodic basis to support deposit assumptions
used in the valuation process. All key assumptions are subject to a periodic review.  

Economic value
of equity at risk is calculated by estimating the net present value of all future cash flows across various parallel shock scenarios
based on existing assets and liabilities compared to current interest rates. The base case scenario assumes that current interest
rates remain unchanged in the future.  

The following
table sets forth the estimated percentage change in our economic value of equity at risk, assuming various shifts in interest
rates:  

The net interest
income at risk simulation results indicate that as of September 30, 2016, we remain liability sensitive. The liability sensitivity
is due to the fact that there are more liabilities than assets subject to repricing as market rates change. The Bank remains within
all internally established policies for interest rate risk and the economic value of equity calculation.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk   

Interest
Rate Risk Management   

Interest
rate risk management is our primary market risk. See    Management   s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis    herein
for a discussion of our management of our interest rate risk.  

Inflation
Risk Management   

Inflation has
an important impact on the growth of total assets in the banking industry and causes a need to increase equity capital higher
than normal levels in order to maintain an appropriate equity-to-assets ratio. We cope with the effects of inflation by managing
our interest rate sensitivity position through our asset/liability management program, and by periodically adjusting our pricing
of services and banking products to take into consideration current costs.  

Item 4.
Controls and Procedures   

(a)    Evaluation
                                         of disclosure controls and procedures:    

The
Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company   s
management, including the Company   s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company   s
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period reported on in this report, the Company   s
disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to the Company (including
its consolidated subsidiary) required to be included in the Company   s
periodic SEC filings.  

(b)    Change in internal controls:  

There
has been no change in the Company   s internal controls over
financial reporting during the quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to affect, the Company   s
internal control over financial reporting.  

PART II
  OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1.
Legal Proceedings   

The Company
and the Bank are periodically involved in various legal proceedings as normal incident to their businesses. In the opinion of
management, no material loss is expected from any such pending lawsuit.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

There have
been no material changes in risk factors previously disclosed in the Company   s
Form 10-K dated March 15, 2016, filed with the SEC.  

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   

None.  

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior
Securities   

None.  

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

None.  

Item 5. Other Information   

None.  

Item 6. Exhibits   

The following exhibits
are filed herewith:  

101    The following materials from Bankwell
                                         Financial Group, Inc.   s
                                         Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in eXtensible
                                         Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition;
                                         (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive
                                         Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  
                                          Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated
                                         Financial Statements.    

Signatures   

Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Christopher R. Gruseke   

Christopher R. Gruseke   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/    Ernest
    J. Verrico, Sr.   

Ernest J. Verrico, Sr.   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-10.15>
 2
 t1600703_ex10-15.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.15

Exhibit 10.15   

Penko
Ivanov Employment Agreement   

This Employment
Agreement (the   Agreement  ) is made and entered into as of September 26, 2016 effective September 26, 2016
by and among Penko Ivanov (the   Executive  ) on the one side, and Bankwell Financial Group, Inc., a Connecticut
bank holding company (the   Company  ) and its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Bankwell Bank (the   Bank  )
on the other. Unless a distinction is appropriate, the term  Company  in this Agreement shall include the Bank.  

WHEREAS,
the Executive currently is not employed by the Company;  

WHEREAS Company
desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and  

WHEREAS,
the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.  

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:  

1.           Term .
The Executive s employment hereunder shall be effective as of September 26, 2016 (the   Effective Date  )
and shall continue until September 26, 2017, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement. The period during
which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder including any renewal term is hereinafter referred to as the   Employment
Term .  The Company shall notify the Executive no later than June 1, 2017 if it wishes to extend the Employment Term
for an additional two years. If the Company provides such notice, the Employment Term shall not expire until September 26, 2019.
If so extended, the Company may further extend the Employment Term for additional one year terms on an annual basis thereafter
by providing such notice no later than June 1in the year in which the Term is to expire. If the Company does not provide such
notice by June 1 in the applicable year, the Employment Term shall expire on the September 26 termination date. If the Employment
Term is extended as provided herein, all of the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect during the period of such
extension unless otherwise agreed in writing. If the Employment Term is not extended by the Company for two years following the
initial term expiration date of September 26, 2017, Company shall pay to Executive a one-time lump sum cash severance payment
of $137,500; this shall be in addition to any payments due to Executive under Section 5.1(a) below.  

2.           Position
and Duties .  

2.1            Position .
The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer of the Bank until the Bank has filed its quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the third quarter 2016 with the Securities Exchange Commission, at which time he shall automatically assume
the position of Chief Financial Officer, having such power, authority and responsibility and performing such duties as are prescribed
by or under the Bylaws of the Company and as are customarily associated with such positions as reasonably determined by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer. The Executive shall, if requested, also serve as a member of the Board of Directors of Bank affiliates
or as an officer or director of any affiliate of the Company for no additional compensation.  

2.2            Reporting/Flexibility .
Executive shall report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Company s Chief Executive Officer may,
during the Employment Term, alter Executive s job, position and/or reporting responsibilities as he deems appropriate to
the effective management of the Company, provided that Executive shall at all times be on the senior executive team and shall
at all times be a direct report to the Company s Chief Executive Officer.  

2.3            Effort
and Exclusivity . The Executive shall devote substantially all of his business time and attention (other than during weekends,
holidays, vacation periods, and periods of illness or leaves of absence) to the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder
and will not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which could conflict or interfere
with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the Chairman of the Compensation
Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive will be permitted to:  

(a)     (i)
with the prior written consent of the Company s Chairman of the Compensation Committee act or serve as a director, trustee,
committee member or principal of any type of business, civic or charitable organization, (ii) deliver lectures or fulfill speaking
engagements, and (iii) manage personal investments; and  

(b)     with
the prior written consent of the Company s Chairman of the Compensation Committee purchase or own less than two percent
(2%) of the securities or ownership interests of any corporation, partnership or limited liability company; provided that, such
ownership represents a passive investment and that the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls,
such corporation, partnership or limited liability company; provided further that, the activities described in clauses (a) and
(b) do not materially interfere with the performance of the Executive's duties and responsibilities to the Company as provided
hereunder.  

Attached as  Schedule A 
to the Agreement is a list of pre-approved outside engagements of the Executive.  

3.           Place
of Performance . The principal place of the Executive s employment shall be the Company s executive office currently
located in New Canaan, Connecticut; provided that, the Executive will be required to travel on Company business during the Employment
Term as his responsibilities require.  

4.           Compensation .  

4.1            Base
Salary . The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $275,000.00 in periodic installments in accordance
with the Company s customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive s annual base salary
may be increased from time to time by the Compensation Committee, but may not be decreased without the Executive s written
consent. The Executive s annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as   Base
Salary  .  

4.2            Annual
Incentive Plan or Program . The Executive shall be entitled to participate in the annual incentive compensation plan or program
(  Annual Incentive  ) available to other similarly situated executives of the Company, with customized targets
and incentives as determined by the Company. The target cash incentive for calendar year 2016 is 30% of Base Salary.  

4.3            Long
Term Plan . The Executive shall be entitled to participate in any long term incentive compensation plan or program available
to other similarly situated executives of the Company, with customized targets and incentives as determined by the Company. The
long term plan may be incorporated into or overlap with the Equity Awards program.  

4.4            Equity
Awards . During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in equity awards under the 2012 Bankwell
Financial Group, Inc. Stock Plan or any successor plan (  Equity Awards  ) as available to other similarly situated
executives of the Company, with customized targets and incentives as determined by the Company. In addition, an initial equity
award will be made of 7,500 shares of restricted stock vesting ratably over the first 4 anniversary dates of your hire (1,875
shares per year). This restricted stock and any future grants will be granted pursuant to a separate Restricted Stock Agreement.  

4.5            Fringe
Benefits and Perquisites . During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in programs or policies
that provide fringe benefits and perquisites consistent with the practices of the Company and as available to other similarly
situated executives of the Company, with customized targets and benefits as determined by the Company.  

4.6            Employee
Benefits . During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all general employee benefit plans,
practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively,   Employee Benefit Plans  ),
on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent
with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel
any Employee Benefit Plan at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable
law.  

4.7            Business
Expenses . Upon submission of appropriate invoices or vouchers, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable
expenses incurred by him in the performance of his duties under this Agreement in furthering the business, and in keeping with
the policies, of the Company; provided, however, that the Executive will receive a monthly allowance of five hundred dollars ($500)
in lieu of receiving reimbursements for business mileage and business phone usage.  

4.8            Vacation .
The Executive is entitled to paid time-off (  PTO  ) as outlined in the Company s personnel policy.  

4.9            Insurance
Policies .  

(i)            Key
Man/BOLI Insurance.   The Executive shall permit the Company to insure his life under a policy or policies of life insurance
issued by an insurance company or companies selected by the Company, and to name the Company as sole or primary beneficiary thereunder.
The Executive agrees to submit to any physical examinations which may be reasonably required in connection with such policies.  

(ii)           Life
Insurance   .  The Company shall provide the Executive with life insurance coverage in such form and amount as is consistent
with that provided to other Company employees.  

(iii)          Disability
Insurance   .  The Company shall provide the Executive with short term and long term disability insurance coverage
in such form and amount as is consistent with that provided to other Company employees.  

In accordance with HIPAA, all
information obtained in connection with the above-referenced insurance will be regarded as confidential and subject to applicable
privacy laws.  

4.10          Clawback
Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Agreement to the contrary, any incentive-based compensation, or any
other compensation, paid to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with the Company which
is subject to recovery under any law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement, will be subject to such deductions
and clawback as may be required to be made pursuant to such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement (or
any policy adopted by the Company pursuant to any such law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement).  

4.11          Required
Regulatory Provisions . Notwithstanding anything herein contained to the contrary, any payments to the Executive by the Company,
whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with Section 18(k) of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 U.S.C. Section 1828(k), and the regulations promulgated thereunder in 12 C.F.R. Part 359.  

4.12          Standard
Deductions . All payments made under this Agreement shall be subject to any and all applicable taxes and withholdings and to
the Company s standard payroll practices.  

5.           Termination
of Employment . The Employment Term and the Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company at any
time and for any reason. The Executive may resign his employment at any time subject to the terms hereof. Upon termination of
the Executive s employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits
described in this  Section 5  and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company,
the Bank or any of their affiliates.  

5.1           Expiration
of the Term, for Cause or Without Good Reason .  

(a)   The
Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated upon the expiration of the Employment Term without renewal by the Company
in accordance with  Section 1 , or during the Employment Term by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason.
If the Executive s employment is so terminated, the Executive shall be entitled to receive:  

(i)     any
accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation pay which shall be paid on the pay date immediately following the
Termination Date (as defined in  Section 5.6  below) in accordance with the Company s customary payroll procedures;  

(ii)    any
earned but unpaid Annual Incentive with respect to any completed calendar year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which
shall be paid on the otherwise applicable payment date, except to the extent payment is otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable
deferred compensation arrangement;  

(iii)   reimbursement
for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the
Company s expense reimbursement policy; and  

(iv)   such
employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, as to which the Executive may be entitled under the Company s
employee benefit plans or Equity Awards as of the Termination Date; provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled
to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein.  

Items 5.1(a)(i) through 5.1(a)(iv)
are referred to herein collectively as the   Accrued Amounts  .  

(b)   For
purposes of this Agreement,   Cause   shall mean:  

(i)     the
Executive s conviction of any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty, moral turpitude or any similar issue
that in the reasonable opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company would materially and negatively impact the reputation
of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates or the Executive s ability to perform his duties hereunder;  

(ii)    serious
willful misconduct by the Executive, including a material violation of the Company s Code of Conduct or the Executive s
material personal dishonesty in connection with the business or customers of the Company or the material breach of fiduciary duty
to the Company, the Bank or their customers for personal profit;  

(iii)   any
material breach by the Executive of this Agreement;  

(iv)   any
willful failure by the Executive to follow a reasonable and lawful directive of the Company as described in Sections 2.1 and 2.2
above, other than any failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental injury or illness;  

(v)    any
willful failure to keep Confidential Information of the Company, Bank or their affiliates confidential in violation of the terms
of this Agreement;  

(vi)   the
Executive s arrest for any crime involving fraud, embezzlement, theft or dishonesty that in the reasonable opinion of a
majority of the full membership of the Board of Directors of the Company excluding the Executive which, as direct result of such
arrest, has caused a material negative impact on the reputation of the Company or the Bank or prevents the Executive from substantially
performing his duties hereunder; or  

(vii)  if
the regulatory authorities of the Company or the Bank issue an order removing the Executive from his positions at the Company
or the Bank, or if such regulatory authorities inform the Board of Directors that the continuation of the Executive in his officer
positions at the Company or the Bank would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking practice.  

For purposes
of this Agreement, no act or failure to act on the part of the Executive shall be considered  willful  unless it is
done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in bad faith or without reasonable belief that the Executive s action or omission
was in the best interests of the Company and the Bank. Any act or failure to act based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution
duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Company or either of the Bank or based upon the written advice of counsel for the
Company or the Bank shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by the Executive in good faith and in the
best interests of the Company and the Bank. The Executive s termination of employment shall not be deemed to be for Cause
unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote
of the majority of the Board of Directors of the Company called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided
to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board of Directors)
finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board of Directors, the Executive is guilty of any of the conduct described above,
and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. To the extent that the Board of Directors wishes to terminate the Executive
for Cause and the action or actions giving rise to Cause may be cured by the Executive, the Board of Directors will provide the
Executive a thirty (30) day period within which he may cure such action or actions.  

In the event
that the Executive is terminated for Cause based on  Section 5.1(b)(i) or (vii)  above and, after the case is fully adjudicated
(including all appeals), the Executive is subsequently found innocent of these charges on the merits of the case by any court
of competent jurisdiction or the appropriate administrative agency, then the Executive will be entitled to receive at that time
the amounts payable due to a termination without Cause. Such amounts will be paid no later than the end of the calendar year in
which the Executive is fully adjudicated to be innocent of the charges.  

(c)   For
purposes of this Agreement,   Good Reason   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during
the Employment Term without the Executive s written consent:  

(i)     a
reduction in the Executive's Base Salary;  

(ii)    a
material reduction in the Executive's target annual incentive opportunity under any annual incentive compensation or incentive
plan or program;  

(iii)   any
breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement;  

(iv)   the
Company's failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the
same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where
such assumption occurs by operation of law;  

(v)    a
material, adverse change in the Executive's title, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than with consent as provided
for in Section 2.2 above and/or temporarily while the Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable
law); or  

(vi)   relocation
of Executive s principal place of business more than 50 miles from the Company s executive office currently located
in New Canaan, Connecticut, without Executive s agreement.  

The Executive
cannot terminate his employment for Good Reason unless he has provided written notice to the Company of the existence of the circumstances
providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within thirty (30) days of Executive s knowledge of the initial existence
of such grounds and the Company has had thirty (30) days from the date on which such notice is provided to cure such circumstances.
If the Company remedies the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then no Good Reason shall be deemed to exist with
respect to such condition. If the Company does not remedy the condition within such thirty (30) day cure period, then the Executive
may deliver a notice of termination for Good Reason at any time within sixty (60) days following the expiration of such cure period.
If the Executive does not terminate his employment for Good Reason within sixty (60) days following the expiration of the cure
period, then the Executive will be deemed to have waived his right to terminate for Good Reason with respect to such grounds.  

5.2           Without
Cause or for Good Reason . The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Executive
for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause. In the event of such termination (unless Section  5.4 below  is applicable),
the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and, subject to the Executive's compliance with  Section 6, Section
7  and  Section 8  of this Agreement and his execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company, the Bank and their
affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a commercially reasonable form provided by the Company (a   Release  
attached hereto as  Exhibit A ) and such Release becoming effective as provided therein (  Release Execution Period  ),
the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following:  

(a)   A
lump sum payment equal to the greater of (i) the amount of Base Salary that would otherwise be due through the end of the Term
of Employment; and (ii) a minimum payment of 0.5 times Base Salary. The lump sum payment shall be paid within thirty (30) business
days following the expiration of the Release Execution Period;  

(b)   A
payment equal to the product of (i) the target annual Incentive that the Executive could have earned under any incentive compensation
or incentive plan or program (the   Target Incentive  ) for the full calendar year in which the Date of Termination
occurs and (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the
year of termination and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year. This amount shall be paid no later than March
15th of the year following the year in which the Termination Date occurs;  

(c)   If
the Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( COBRA ),
the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for himself
and his dependents and the monthly premium amount paid by similarly situated active executives. Such reimbursement shall be paid
to the Executive on or before the fifteenth (15th) day of the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely
remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (i) the expiration
of the twelve (12) month period beginning on the Termination Date (the   Severance Period  ); (ii) the date the
Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (iii) the date on which the Executive receives/becomes
eligible to receive substantially similar coverage from another employer; and  

(d)   The
treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the relevant plan and the applicable
award agreements, provided however with respect to the initial equity award set forth in Section 4.4, the Restricted Shares that
would have vested on the vesting date immediately following termination for any reason other than Cause or Executive s voluntary
resignation shall automatically become vested upon such termination.  

5.3           Death
or Disability .  

(a)   The
Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executive s death during the Employment Term,
and the Company may terminate the Executive s employment on account of the Executive s Disability.  

(b)   If
the Executive s employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executive s death or Disability,
the Executive (or the Executive s estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:  

(i)     the
Accrued Amounts; and  

(ii)    the
treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of applicable plan and the applicable
award agreements.  

(c)   For
purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean that the Executive is entitled to receive long-term disability benefits under
the Company's long-term disability plan, or if there is no such plan, the Executive's inability, due to physical or mental incapacity,
to substantially perform his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement for ninety (90) days out of any three hundred sixty-five
(365) day period; provided however, in the event the Company temporarily replaces the Executive, or transfers the Executive's
duties or responsibilities to another individual on account of the Executive's inability to perform such duties due to a mental
or physical incapacity which is, or is reasonably expected to become, a Disability, then the Executive shall not be able to resign
with Good Reason as a result thereof.  

Any question
as to the existence of the Executive's Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in
writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. If the Executive and the Company
cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select
a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive
shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.  

5.4           Change
in Control Termination .  

(a)   Notwithstanding
any other provision contained herein, if the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or
by the Company without Cause (other than on account of the Executive's death or Disability), in each case either concurrently
with or within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts
and, subject to the Executive's compliance with  Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8  of this Agreement and his execution
of a Release which becomes effective as provided therein, for which the Company assigns significant value in agreeing to this
Section 5.4, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following:  

(i)     a
lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of the Executive s Base Salary and Target Incentive for the year in which
the Termination Date occurs, which shall be paid within thirty (30) business days following the expiration of the Release Execution
Period;  

(ii)     a
payment equal to the product of (i) the Target Bonus for the full calendar year in which the Date of Termination occurs and (ii)
a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days the Executive was employed by the Company during the year of termination
and the denominator of which is the number of days in such year. This amount shall be paid no later than March 15th of the year
following the year in which the Termination Date occurs;  

(iii)   If
the Executive timely and properly elects continuation coverage under COBRA, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for the
difference between the monthly COBRA premium paid by the Executive for himself and his dependents and the monthly premium amount
paid by similarly situated active executives. Such reimbursement shall be paid to the Executive on the fifteenth (15th) day of
the month immediately following the month in which the Executive timely remits the premium payment. The Executive shall be eligible
to receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (A) the two year anniversary of the termination date; (B) the date the Executive
is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; and (C) the date on which the Executive receives or becomes eligible
to receive substantially similar coverage from another employers; and  

(iv)   The
terms of any equity incentive plan or award agreements will determine to what extent, if any, such awards are accelerated for
vesting and/or exercise periods , provided however with respect to the initial equity award set forth in Section 4.4, the Restricted
Shares that would have vested on the vesting date immediately following such termination shall automatically become vested upon
such termination.  

(b)   For
purposes of this Agreement,   Change in Control   shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:  

(i)     one
person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with the stock held
by such person or group, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total fair market value or total voting power of the
stock of the Company; provided that, a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group)
owns more than fifty percent (50%) of the total fair market value or total voting power of the Company's stock and acquires additional
stock; and  

(ii)    a
majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the surviving Company following the Change in Control were not Directors
of the Company before the Change in Control.  

For purposes
of this Agreement, the terms  person  and  acting as a group  shall have the meanings specified in the Internal
Revenue Code and the regulations thereunder. In no event, however, shall a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred as a result
of any acquisition of securities or assets of the Company, the Bank, or a subsidiary of either of them, by the Company, the Bank,
or any subsidiary of either of them, or by any employee benefit plan maintained by any of them. The defined circumstances herein
are intended to be read to be consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder.  

In no event
shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable
to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and except as provided with respect to COBRA reimbursements, any
amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement shall not be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment with
another employer.  

5.5           Notice
of Termination . Any termination of the Executive s employment hereunder by the Company or by the Executive during the
Employment Term (other than termination pursuant to Section 5.3(a) on account of the Executive s death) shall be communicated
by a written notice of termination (  Notice of Termination  ) to the other party hereto in accordance with  Section
24 . The Notice of Termination shall specify:  

(a)   The
termination provision of this Agreement relied upon;  

(b)   To
the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment
under the provision so indicated; and  

(c)   The
applicable Termination Date.  

5.6           Termination
Date . The Executive s Termination Date shall be:  

(a)   If
the Executive s employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executive s death, the date of the Executive s
death;  

(b)   If
the Executive s employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executive s Disability, the date that it is determined
that the Executive has a Disability;  

(c)   If
the Company terminates the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause, the date the Notice of Termination is delivered to
the Executive;  

(d)   If
the Company terminates the Executive s employment hereunder without Cause, the date specified in the Notice of Termination,
which shall be no less than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; provided that,
the Company shall have the option to provide the Executive with a lump sum payment equal to thirty (30) days  Base Salary
in lieu of such notice, which shall be paid in a lump sum on the Executive s Termination Date and for all purposes of this
Agreement, the Executive s Termination Date shall be the date on which such Notice of Termination is delivered;  

(e)   If
the Executive terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executive s Notice
of Termination, which shall be no less than thirty (30) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered;
provided that, the Company may waive all or any part of the thirty (30) day notice period for no consideration by giving written
notice to the Executive and for all purposes of this Agreement, the Executive s Termination Date shall be the date determined
by the Company; and  

(f)    If
the Executive s employment hereunder terminates because the Company provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section 1,
the end of the Employment Term.  

Notwithstanding
anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a  separation
from service  within the meaning of Section 409A.  

5.7           Mitigation .
In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts
payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement and except as provided with respect to COBRA reimbursements,
any amounts payable pursuant to this  Section 5  shall not be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment
with another employer.  

5.8           Resignation
of All Other Positions . Upon termination of the Executive s employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive agrees
to resign, effective on the Termination Date and shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds
as an officer or member of the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates.  

5.9           Section
280G .  

(a)   If
any of the payments or benefits received or to be received by the Executive (including, without limitation, any payment or benefits
received in connection with a Change in Control or the Executive s termination of employment, whether pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement, or otherwise) (all such payments collectively referred to herein
as the   280G Payments  ) constitute  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the   Code  ) and will be subject to the excise tax imposed under
Section 4999 of the Code (the   Excise Tax  ), the Executive shall receive the greatest of the following, whichever
gives the Executive the highest net after-tax amount (after taking into account federal, state, local and social security taxes):  

(1)          the
280G Payments, or  

(2)          one
dollar less than the amount of the Payments that would subject the Executive to the Excise Tax (the   Safe Harbor Amount  ).  

If a reduction
in the 280G Payments is necessary so that the 280G Payments equal the Safe Harbor Amount and none of the 280G Payments constitute
a deferral of compensation within the meaning of and subject to Section 409A (  Nonqualified Deferred Compensation  ),
then the reduction shall occur in the manner the Executive elects in writing prior to the date of payment. If any 280G Payments
constitute Nonqualified Deferred Compensation or if the Executive fails to elect an order, then the 280G Payments to be reduced
will be determined in a manner which has the least economic cost to the Executive and, to the extent the economic cost is equivalent,
will be reduced in the inverse order of when payment would have been made to you, until the reduction is achieved.  

(b)   All
calculations and determinations under this  Section 5.9  shall be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax
counsel appointed by the Company (the   Tax Counsel  ) whose determinations shall be conclusive and binding on
the Company and the Executive for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations and determinations required by this Section
5.9, the Tax Counsel may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning the application of Section 280G
and Section 4999 of the Code. The Company and the Executive shall furnish the Tax Counsel with such information and documents
as the Tax Counsel may reasonably request in order to make its determinations under this  

Section 5.9.
The Company shall bear all costs the Tax Counsel may reasonably incur in connection with its services.  

(c)   The
Executive hereby agrees with the Company and any successor thereto to in good faith consider and take steps commonly used to minimize
or eliminate any  parachute payments  within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code if requested to do so by the
Company or any successor thereto; provided, however, that the foregoing language shall neither require the Executive to take or
not take any specific action in furtherance thereof nor contravene, limit or remove any right or privilege provided to the Executive
under this Agreement.  

6.           Cooperation .
The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the
Executive s reasonable cooperation post termination of employment. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive s
employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board and subject to the Executive s reasonable availability
due to his commitment to a new employer or business, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters
arising out of the Executive s service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize
disruption of the Executive s other activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred
in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters,
the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly rate based on the Executive s Base Salary on the Termination Date.  

7.           Confidential
Information . The Executive understands and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, he will have access to and learn
about Confidential Information, as defined below.  

7.1           Confidential
Information Defined .  

(a)     Definition.  

For purposes
of this Agreement,   Confidential Information   includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally
known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to the Company,
the Bank or their affiliates, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence.  

The Executive understands and
agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by him in the course of his employment by the Company as if
the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to the Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall
not include information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to the Executive or later;
provided that, such disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of the Executive or person(s) acting on the Executive s
behalf.  

(b)   Disclosure
and Use Restrictions.  

The Executive
agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose,
publish, communicate or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated or made
available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized
employment duties to the Company; and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy any documents,
records, files, media or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records, files,
media or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance of the Executive's
authorized employment duties to the Company and the Bank. Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential
Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction
or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law,
regulation or order.  

The Executive
understands and acknowledges that his obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential Information
shall commence immediately upon the Executive first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after he
begins employment by the Company) and shall continue during and after his employment by the Company until such time as such Confidential
Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the Executive's breach of this Agreement or breach by those
acting in concert with the Executive or on the Executive's behalf. Nothing herein shall prevent the Executive from disclosing
Contract Information to his personal attorneys, accountants and other advisors, as necessary for the performance of their duties
and on a confidential basis. Additionally nothing herein shall prohibit the Executive from retaining, at any time, his personal
correspondence and documents related to his own personal benefits, entitlements and obligations.  

8.           Restrictive
Covenants .  

8.1            Acknowledgment .
The Executive understands that the nature of the Executive's position may give him access to and knowledge of Confidential Information
and places him in a position of trust and confidence with the Company. The Executive understands and acknowledges that the intellectual
services he provides to the Company are unique, special or extraordinary.  

The Executive
further understands and acknowledges that the Company s ability to reserve these services for the exclusive knowledge and
use of the Company is of great competitive importance and commercial value to the Company, and that improper use or disclosure
by the Executive is likely to result in unfair or unlawful competitive activity.  

8.2            Non-competition .
Because of the Company's legitimate business interest as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered to the
Executive, during the Employment Term and for the term of six (6) months, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment
with the Company, for any reason or no reason and whether employment is terminated at the option of the Executive or the Company
(provided that these restrictions shall NOT apply if Executive s termination simply occurs because the Company does not
renew this Agreement) , the Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity within Fairfield or New Haven
Counties or any other county in which the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates maintains as of the Termination Date a
branch, loan production office, or mortgage production office and from which the Company does a significant portion of its business.
For the purposes of this Agreement,  significant portion of its business  shall mean ten percent (10%) or more of
the Company s total interest income for the most recent full twelve month period preceding termination is attributable to
the office(s) in such county (the   Restricted Area  ). Without otherwise limiting the foregoing, the Restricted
Area shall not include New York County (Manhattan), New York.  

For purposes
of this Section 8.2:  

(a)     Prohibited
Activity   is activity in which the Executive, directly or indirectly, solely or jointly with any person or persons,
as an employee, consultant, or advisor (whether or not engaged in business for profit), or as an individual proprietor, partner,
shareholder, director, officer, joint venturer, investor or lender, or in any other capacity: (i) becomes affiliated with any
bank or commercial lender headquartered or with branches in the counties in which the Company has branches at the time of employment
termination; or (ii) becomes affiliated with a different Community Banking Institution in the Restricted Area;  

(b)     become
affiliated   shall mean, without limitation, engaging, participating, or being involved in any respect in the business
of banking (other than as a depositor, borrower or other customer), or furnishing any aid, assistance or service of any kind to
any person in connection with the business of the Company, the Bank and any of their affiliates, and shall include without limitation
being employed by any Community Banking Institution which has a branch or other place of business in the Restricted Area; and  

(c)     Community
Banking Institution   shall mean a bank with assets equal to or less than five billion dollars.  

Nothing herein
shall prohibit the Executive from purchasing or owning less than five percent (5%) of the securities or ownership interests of
any corporation, partnership or limited liability company, provided that such ownership represents a passive investment and that
the Executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation, partnership or limited liability
company.  

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the provisions of this  Section 8.2  shall not apply in the event the Executive is employed by the Company
for the entire Employment Term  and the Company  determines not to renew or extend this Agreement on substantially similar
terms.  

This  Section
8  does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot
be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction
or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order.
The Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Board of Directors.  

8.3            Non-solicitation
of Employees . The Executive agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to hire or
recruit, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the Company, the Bank or any of their Affiliates for the term
of one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company provided that a general, broad-based
solicitation or advertisement not intentionally directed at such employees shall not be deemed to be a violation of this provision.  

8.4            Non-solicitation
of Clients . The Executive understands and acknowledges that because of the Executive's experience with and relationship to
the Company, he will have access to and learn about much or all of the clients, prospective clients and referral sources of the
Company, the Bank and their affiliates. The Executive understands and acknowledges that loss of these client and referral relationships
and/or goodwill will cause significant and irreparable harm. The Executive agrees and covenants, for a period of one (1) year,
beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, not to directly or indirectly (a) solicit (for services
that are competitive with the Company, the Bank or its Affiliates) any actual or prospective client or client-referral source
who Executive had a direct or indirect business relationship with the Company, the Bank or any of their Affiliates during the
period of time in which the Executive was employed by the Company, it being expressly agreed that soliciting a referral from a
prospective client or client-referral source is included within this prohibition; or (b) encourage any such client or client-referral
source to turn down, terminate or materially reduce a business relationship with the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates.  

8.5            Non-disparagement .
The Executive agrees and covenants that he will not at any time make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or in any
public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Company, the Bank, any of their affiliates
or their respective businesses, or any of their employees, officers, and existing and prospective clients, and the Company and
the Bank will not, and shall cause their Board of Directors and their senior executives not to, at any time make, publish or communicate
to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning the Executive,
provided, however, nothing herein shall prevent a party from (i) responding publicly to incorrect, disparaging or derogatory public
statements to the extent reasonably necessary to correct or refute such public statement or (ii) making any truthful statements
in response to legal or bank regulatory examination process, required governmental testimony or filings, or administrative or
arbitral proceedings  

8.6            Non-Interference
Covenant.  For a period of one (1) year, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive
covenants and agrees that he will not, directly or indirectly and for whatever reason, whether for his own account or for the
account of any other person, firm, corporation or other organization:  

(a)         solicit,
engage, employ or with respect to independent contractors, interfere with any of the contracts or relationships of the Company,
the Bank or any of their affiliates with any employee, officer, director or any such independent contractor who is employed by
or associated with the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates as of the Termination Date; or  

(b)         actively
solicit or cause to be solicited, or otherwise actively interfere with, any of the contracts or relationships of the Company,
the Bank or any of their affiliates with any customer or client of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates.  

8.7            Business
Materials and Property Disclosure . All written materials, records, and documents made by the Executive or coming into his
possession concerning the business or affairs of the Company, the Bank or any of their affiliates shall be the sole property of
the Company. Upon termination of his employment with the Company, the Executive shall deliver the same to the Company and shall
retain no copies, including but not limited to copies in paper, electronic, digital or any other format. The Executive shall also
return to the Company all other property in his possession owned by the Company upon the termination of his employment. The Executive
may retain the Executive s rolodex and similar address books provided that such items only include contact information.  

If a court
or arbitration panel concludes that the time period of the restriction set forth in this  Section 8  is not enforceable or
that a specific geographical scope must be stated herein, then the parties agree that such court or arbitration panel may rewrite
the time period of this restriction and/or prescribe a geographical restriction to the maximum enforceable time period and geographical
area permitted by law.  

9.           Acknowledgement .
The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the services to be rendered by him to the Company are of a special and unique character;
that the Executive will obtain knowledge and skill relevant to the Company s industry, methods of doing business and marketing
strategies by virtue of the Executive s employment  and that the restrictive covenants and other terms and conditions
of this Agreement are reasonable and reasonably necessary to protect the legitimate business interest of the Company.  

The Executive
further acknowledges that the amount of his compensation reflects, in part, his obligations and the Company's rights under Section
7 and Section 8 of this Agreement; that he has no expectation of any additional compensation, royalties or other payment of any
kind not otherwise referenced herein in connection herewith; and that he will not be subject to undue hardship by reason of his
full compliance with the terms and conditions of Section 7 and Section 8 of this Agreement or the Company's enforcement thereof.  

10.          Remedies .
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Executive of  Section 7  or  Section 8  of this Agreement, the
Executive hereby consents and agrees that the Company shall be entitled to seek, in addition to other available remedies, a temporary
or permanent injunction or other equitable relief against such breach or threatened breach from any court of competent jurisdiction,
without the necessity of showing any actual damages or that money damages would not afford an adequate remedy, and without the
necessity of posting any bond or other security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, not in lieu of,
legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief.  

11.          Arbitration .
Any dispute whatsoever relating to the Executive s employment by the Company, or any other dispute arising out of this Agreement
which cannot be resolved by any party upon thirty (30) days  written notice to the other party, shall be settled by binding
arbitration at a mutually agreed location in Fairfield County, Connecticut in accordance with the then prevailing Employment Dispute
Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered
in any court of competent jurisdiction. It is the purpose of this Agreement, and the intent of the parties hereto, to make the
submission to arbitration of any dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement, as set forth hereinabove, binding upon
all parties hereto. This Section 11 shall not in any way restrict the right of the Company to obtain injunctive relief from a
court of competent jurisdiction.  

All arbitration
costs and all other costs, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys  fees, incurred by the Executive in an arbitration
proceeding shall be paid by the Company in the event the Executive materially or substantively prevails in such arbitration proceeding.
All arbitration costs and all other costs, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys  fees, incurred by the Company
in an arbitration proceeding shall be paid by the Executive in the event the Company materially or substantively prevails in such
arbitration proceeding. As part of the judgment rendered by the arbitrators in an arbitration proceeding, the arbitrators shall
determine which party (if any) has materially or substantively prevailed in such arbitration proceeding.  

12.          Governing
Law: Jurisdiction and Venue . This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Connecticut
without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement that
is not covered by the Arbitration provision of Section 11 above shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the
state of Connecticut, county of Fairfield. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue.  

13.          Legal
Fees . The Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and documented legal fees incurred by him in connection
with the negotiation of this Agreement and any other agreements related to Executive s employment arrangement with the Company,
up to $6,000.  

14.          Source
of Payments: No Duplication of Payments . All payments provided in this Agreement shall be timely paid in cash or check from
the general funds of the Company or the Bank. Payments pursuant to this Agreement shall be allocated between the Company and the
Bank in proportion to the approximate level of activity and the time expended on such activities by the Executive as determined
by the Company and the Bank on a quarterly basis, unless the applicable provision of this Agreement specifies that the payment
shall be made by either the Company or the Bank. In no event shall the Executive receive duplicate payments or benefits from the
Company and the Bank.  

15.          Entire
Agreement . Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between
the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree
that the Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of
the Agreement.  

16.          Modification
and Waiver . No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in
writing and signed by the Executive and by Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. No waiver by either of the parties
of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto
shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor
shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver
thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege.  

17.          Severability .
Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if
any portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of
the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification
to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement.  

The parties further agree that
any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable
provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending
provision, adding additional language to this Agreement or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out
the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.  

The parties expressly agree that
this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one
or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality
or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided
above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.  

18.          Captions .
Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of
this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.  

19.          Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.  

20.          Tolling .
Should the Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenant obligations articulated herein, the obligation at issue
will run from the first date on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation.  

21.          Section
409A . This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered
in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement
may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under
this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or
as a short- term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each
installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, in the event any payment is to be made during a specified time period following the expiration of the Release
Execution Period and the time period for such payment begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, then such
amount shall be payable in the second calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that
the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for
all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance
with Section 409A.  

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or benefit provided to the Executive in connection with his termination
of employment is determined to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A and
the Executive is determined to be a  specified employee  as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or
benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Termination Date (the
  Specified Employee Payment Date  ), unless the payment otherwise satisfies the short-term deferral exemption
or another exemption under Section 409A of the Code. The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before
the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter,
any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original schedule.  

22.          Successors
and Assigns . This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment
by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement
to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially
all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors
and assigns.  

23.          Indemnification .  

(a)   In
the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative (a   Proceeding  ), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive
or the Company related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to
this Agreement or the Executive s employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or
officer of the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer,
member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, the Executive shall
be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law from and against any liabilities,
costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys 
fees).  

(b)   During
the Employment Term and for a period of six (6) years thereafter, the Company or any successor to the Company shall purchase and
maintain, at its own expense, directors  and officers  liability insurance providing coverage to the Executive on
terms that are no less favorable than the coverage provided to other directors and senior officers of the Company.  

24.          Notice .
Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below
(or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):  

If to the
Company:  

Chairman  

  Compensation Committee  

  Bankwell Financial
Group, Inc.  

  208 Elm Street  

  New Canaan, CT 06840  

If to the
Executive:  

Penko Ivanov  

  10 Highview Drive  

  Wilton, Connecticut
06897  

25.          Representations
of the Executive . The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that:  

25.1         The
Executive s acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of his duties hereunder will not conflict with
or result in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement or understanding to which he is a party or
is otherwise bound.  

25.2         The
Executive s acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of his duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation,
non-competition or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.  

26.          Withholding .
The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for
the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.  

27.          Survival .
Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall
survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.  

28.          Acknowledgment
of Full Understanding . THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO
THER AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY
OF HIS CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THER AGREEMENT.  

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS]  

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above.  

BANKWELL FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.   

By  
      /s/ James A. Fieber   

Name: James A. Fieber   

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee   

BANKWELL BANK   

By  
      /s/ James A. Fieber   

Name: James A. Fieber   

Title: Chairman of the Compensation Committee   

EXECUTIVE  

Signature:    
      /s/ Penko Ivanov  

Print Name: Penko Ivanov  

SCHEDULE
A   

The Executive s involvement
in the following outside activities is approved:  

Boards    

Memberships    

EXHIBIT
A   

</EX-10.15>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 t1600703_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Christopher R. Gruseke certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed this quarterly report
                                         on Form 10-Q of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.    

2.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
                                         omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
                                         report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
                                         and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The Registrant   s
                                         other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                                         controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
                                         internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:    

(a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the Registrant   s
                                         disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
                                         the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                                         covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant   s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant   s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.    

5.    The Registrant   s
                                         other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
                                         internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant   s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant   s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         Registrant   s ability
                                         to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Christopher R. Gruseke   

Christopher R. Gruseke   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 t1600703_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATIONS   

I,
Ernest J. Verrico, Sr. certify that:  

1.    I have reviewed
                                         this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc.    

2.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
                                         omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based on
                                         my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
                                         report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
                                         and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.    The Registrant   s
                                         other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                                         controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and
                                         internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
                                         and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:    

(a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
                                         financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
                                         regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                         for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the Registrant   s
                                         disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
                                         the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period
                                         covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant   s
                                         most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant   s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.    

5.    The Registrant   s
                                         other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
                                         internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant   s
                                         auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant   s
                                         board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         Registrant   s ability
                                         to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the Registrant   s
                                         internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016  
      /s/ Ernest J. Verrico, Sr.   

Ernest J. Verrico, Sr.   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 t1600703_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
906   

   OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002   

The undersigned,
Christopher R. Gruseke and Ernest J. Verrico, Sr. hereby jointly certify as follows:  

They are the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Bankwell Financial Group, Inc. (the    Company   );  

To the best
of their knowledge, the Company   s Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the    Report   )
complies in all material respects with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and  

To the best
of their knowledge, based upon a review of the Report, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.  

/s/ Christopher R. Gruseke   

CHRISTOPHER R. GRUSEKE   

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Date: November 9, 2016  

/s/ Ernest J. Verrico, Sr.   

ERNEST J. VERRICO, SR.   

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

Date: November 9, 2016  

The foregoing certification is being
furnished solely pursuant to 12 U.S.C Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.  

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC
or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 bwfg-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bwfg-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bwfg-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bwfg-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bwfg-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bwfg-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

