<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_797721_0001193125-16-763373_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5493993</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>221882</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>361657</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1140251</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2320181</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1280626</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-763373.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108214208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-763373
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		62
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VIASAT INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000797721
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO & TV BROADCASTING & COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3663]
		IRS NUMBER:				330174996
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21767
		FILM NUMBER:		161982624

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6155 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		760-476-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6155 EL CAMINO REAL
		CITY:			CARLSBAD
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92009

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-763373.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d204982d10q.htm
 10-Q

10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES    
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION        Washington, D.C. 20549         
        FORM 10-Q
             
  (Mark One)       
 
   For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016.        OR        
 
   For the transition period from              to
            .        Commission File Number (000-21767)
             
   ViaSat, Inc.    
   (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)    

Delaware   
     
   33-0174996    
 
     (State or other jurisdiction of   
   incorporation or organization)    
     
     (I.R.S. Employer       Identification No.)     
     6155 El Camino Real        Carlsbad, California 92009        (760) 476-2200    
   (Address of principal executive offices and telephone number)    
         
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes         No        
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).    Yes         No        
  The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, $0.0001 par value, as of October 28, 2016 was 49,486,623.

Table of Contents  

      VIASAT, INC.    
   TABLE OF CONTENTS        

Page   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets    

3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income    

4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

5  

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Equity    

6  

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements    

7  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations    

26  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

45  

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

46  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

47  

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

47  

Item 6. Exhibits    

47  

Signatures    

48  

Table of Contents  

      PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION    
     Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited)          VIASAT, INC.        CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS        (UNAUDITED)        
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         3   

Table of Contents  

      VIASAT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS        AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME        (UNAUDITED)    
   
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         4   

Table of Contents  

      VIASAT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS        (UNAUDITED)        
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         5   

Table of Contents  

      VIASAT, INC.    
   CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY        (UNAUDITED)        
    See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
         6   

Table of Contents  

      VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS        (UNAUDITED)        Note 1   Basis of Presentation    
  The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2016, the condensed consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive income for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 and the condensed consolidated statement of
equity for the six months ended September 30, 2016 have been prepared by the management of ViaSat, Inc. (also referred to hereafter as the Company or ViaSat), and have not been audited. These financial statements have been prepared on the same
basis as the audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 and, in the opinion of management, include all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the
Company s results for the periods presented. These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016 included in the Company s Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Interim operating results are not necessarily indicative of operating results for the full year. The year-end condensed consolidated balance sheet data was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures
required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP).      The Company s condensed
consolidated financial statements include the assets, liabilities and results of operations of ViaSat, its wholly owned subsidiaries and TrellisWare Technologies, Inc. (TrellisWare), a majority-owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany amounts
have been eliminated.      During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company completed the acquisition of Engreen Inc.
(Engreen), a privately held company focused on network function virtualization. The Engreen purchase price of approximately $5.3 million (of which $0.5 million has been withheld as security for any indemnifiable damages) was primarily allocated to
acquired technology intangible assets and the assumption of certain liabilities. This acquisition was accounted for as a purchase and, accordingly, the condensed consolidated financial statements include the operating results of Engreen from the
date of acquisition.      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Estimates have been prepared on the basis of the most current and best available information and actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates made by management include revenue recognition, stock-based compensation,
self-insurance reserves, allowance for doubtful accounts, warranty accruals, valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, patents, orbital slots and other licenses, software development, property, equipment and satellites, long-lived assets,
derivatives, contingencies and income taxes including the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.        Revenue recognition
       A substantial portion of the Company s revenues is derived from long-term contracts requiring development and
delivery of complex equipment built to customer specifications. Sales related to long-term contracts are accounted for under the authoritative guidance for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting (Accounting Standards Codification (ASC)
605-35). Sales and earnings under these contracts are recorded either based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to date to total estimated costs expected to be incurred related to the contract, or as products are shipped under the
units-of-delivery method. Anticipated losses on contracts are recognized in full in the period in which losses become probable and estimable. Changes in estimates of profit or loss on contracts are included in earnings on a cumulative basis in the
period the estimate is changed. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded losses of approximately $1.6 million and $0.3 million, respectively, related to loss contracts. During
  
         7   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded losses of approximately $2.0 million and $1.7 million, respectively, related to loss contracts.   
  The Company also derives a substantial portion of its revenues from contracts and purchase orders where revenue is recorded on delivery
of products or performance of services in accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition (ASC 605). Under this standard, the Company recognizes revenue when an arrangement exists, prices are determinable, collectability is
reasonably assured and the goods or services have been delivered.      The Company also enters into certain leasing arrangements
with customers and evaluates the contracts in accordance with the authoritative guidance for leases (ASC 840). The Company s accounting for equipment leases involves specific determinations under the authoritative guidance for leases, which
often involve complex provisions and significant judgments. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for leases, the Company classifies the transactions as sales type or operating leases based on: (1) review for transfers of ownership of
the equipment to the lessee by the end of the lease term, (2) review of the lease terms to determine if it contains an option to purchase the leased equipment for a price which is sufficiently lower than the expected fair value of the equipment
at the date of the option, (3) review of the lease term to determine if it is equal to or greater than 75% of the economic life of the equipment, and (4) review of the present value of the minimum lease payments to determine if they are
equal to or greater than 90% of the fair market value of the equipment at the inception of the lease. Additionally, the Company considers the cancelability of the contract and any related uncertainty of collections or risk in recoverability of the
lease investment at lease inception. Revenue from sales type leases is recognized at the inception of the lease or when the equipment has been delivered and installed at the customer site, if installation is required. Revenues from equipment rentals
under operating leases are recognized as earned over the lease term, which is generally on a straight-line basis.      In
accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition for multiple element arrangements, the Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2009-13 (ASU 2009-13), Revenue Recognition (ASC 605) Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, which updates
ASC 605-25, Revenue Recognition-Multiple element arrangements, of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) codification, for substantially all of the arrangements with multiple deliverables, the Company allocates revenue to each element based
on a selling price hierarchy at the arrangement inception. The selling price for each element is based upon the following selling price hierarchy: vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) if available, third-party evidence (TPE) if VSOE is not
available, or estimated selling price (ESP) if neither VSOE nor TPE are available (a description as to how the Company determines VSOE, TPE and ESP is provided below). If a tangible hardware systems product includes software, the Company determines
whether the tangible hardware systems product and the software work together to deliver the product s essential functionality and, if so, the entire product is treated as a nonsoftware deliverable. The total arrangement consideration is
allocated to each separate unit of accounting for each of the nonsoftware deliverables using the relative selling prices of each unit based on the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. Revenue for each separate unit of accounting is recognized
when the applicable revenue recognition criteria for each element have been met.      To determine the selling price in
multiple-element arrangements, the Company establishes VSOE of the selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately. The Company also considers specific renewal rates offered to customers for software license updates,
product support and hardware systems support, and other services. For nonsoftware multiple-element arrangements, TPE is established by evaluating similar and/or interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone arrangements with
similarly situated customers and/or agreements. If the Company is unable to determine the selling price because VSOE or TPE doesn t exist, the Company determines ESP for the purposes of allocating the arrangement by reviewing historical
transactions, including transactions whereby the deliverable was sold on a standalone basis and considers several other external and internal factors including, but not limited to, pricing practices including discounting, margin objectives,
competition, the geographies in which the Company offers its products and services, the type of customer (i.e., distributor, value added reseller, government agency or direct end user, among others), volume commitments and the stage of the product
lifecycle. The determination of ESP considers the Company s pricing model and go-to-market strategy. As the Company s, or its competitors , pricing and go-to-market strategies evolve, the Company may modify its pricing practices in
the future, which could result in changes to its determination of VSOE, TPE and ESP. As a result, the Company s future revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements could differ materially from those in the current period.   
  In accordance with the authoritative guidance for shipping and handling fees and costs (ASC 605-45), the Company records shipping and
handling costs billed to customers as a component of revenues, and shipping and handling costs incurred by the Company for inbound and outbound freight as a component of cost of revenues.   
  Collections in excess of revenues and deferred revenues represent cash collected from customers in advance of revenue recognition and are
recorded in accrued liabilities for obligations within the next twelve months. Amounts for obligations extending beyond twelve months are recorded within other liabilities in the condensed consolidated financial statements.   
  Contract costs on U.S. government contracts are subject to audit and review by the Defense Contracting Management Agency (DCMA), the
Defense Contract Audit Agency (DCAA), and other U.S. government agencies, as well as negotiations with U.S.   
         8   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
government representatives. The Company s incurred cost audits by the DCAA have not been concluded for fiscal year 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the DCAA had completed its incurred
cost audit for fiscal year 2004 and approved the Company s incurred cost claims for fiscal years 2005 through 2015 without further audit. Although the Company has recorded contract revenues subsequent to fiscal year 2015 based upon an estimate
of costs that the Company believes will be approved upon final audit or review, the Company does not know the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments, and if future adjustments exceed the Company s estimates, its
profitability would be adversely affected. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had $1.7 million and $2.5 million, respectively, in contract-related reserves for its estimate of potential refunds to customers for
potential cost adjustments on several multi-year U.S. government cost reimbursable contracts (see Note 8).        Advertising costs
       In accordance with the authoritative guidance for advertising costs (ASC 720-35), advertising costs are expensed as
incurred and included in selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses. Advertising expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0.8 million and $2.9 million, respectively, and for the six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1.6 million and $6.6 million, respectively.        Commissions     
  The Company compensates third parties based on specific commission programs directly related to certain product and service sales, and
these commissions costs are expensed as incurred.        Property, equipment and satellites     
  Satellites and other property and equipment are recorded at cost or, in the case of certain satellites and other property acquired, the
fair value at the date of acquisition, net of accumulated depreciation. Capitalized satellite costs consist primarily of the costs of satellite construction and launch, including launch insurance and insurance during the period of in-orbit testing,
the net present value of performance incentives expected to be payable to satellite manufacturers (dependent on the continued satisfactory performance of the satellites), costs directly associated with the monitoring and support of satellite
construction, and interest costs incurred during the period of satellite construction. The Company also constructs earth stations, network operations systems and other assets to support its satellites, and those construction costs, including
interest, are capitalized as incurred. At the time satellites are placed in service, the Company estimates the useful life of its satellites for depreciation purposes based upon an analysis of each satellite s performance against the original
manufacturer s orbital design life, estimated fuel levels and related consumption rates, as well as historical satellite operating trends. The Company computes depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets ranging from two to twenty-four years. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the lease term or the life of the improvement. Costs incurred for additions to property, equipment
and satellites, together with major renewals and betterments, are capitalized and depreciated over the remaining life of the underlying asset. Costs incurred for maintenance, repairs and minor renewals and betterments are charged to expense as
incurred. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in operations, which for the periods presented,
primarily related to losses incurred for unreturned customer premise equipment (CPE).      Interest expense is capitalized on the
carrying value of assets under construction, in accordance with the authoritative guidance for the capitalization of interest (ASC 835-20). With respect to assets under construction, including the ViaSat-2 satellite (which commenced construction
during the first quarter of fiscal year 2014), and the ViaSat-3 class satellites (which commenced construction during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016), the Company capitalized $11.6 million and $7.1 million of interest expense for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and capitalized $21.8 million and $13.2 million of interest expense for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
  The Company owns two satellites: ViaSat-1 (its first-generation high-capacity Ka-band spot-beam satellite, which was placed into service
in January 2012) and WildBlue-1 (which was placed into service in March 2007). In addition, three additional satellites are under construction: the ViaSat-2 satellite (the Company s second-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design) and
two ViaSat-3 class satellites (the Company s third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design). The Company currently expects its ViaSat-2 satellite to be launched late in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 or early in the first
quarter of fiscal year 2018, and that the two ViaSat-3 class satellites will be launched in fiscal year 2020 or early fiscal year 2021. The Company also has an exclusive prepaid lifetime capital lease of Ka-band capacity over the contiguous United
States on Telesat Canada s Anik F2 satellite (which was placed into service in April 2005) and owns related earth stations and networking equipment for all of its satellites. The Company periodically reviews the remaining estimated useful life
of its satellites to determine if revisions to estimated lives are necessary. The Company procures indoor and outdoor CPE units leased to subscribers under a retail leasing program as part of the Company s satellite services segment, which are
reflected in investing activities and property and equipment in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company depreciates the satellites, earth stations and networking equipment, CPE units and related installation costs
over their estimated useful lives. The total cost and accumulated depreciation of CPE units included in property and equipment, net, as of September 30, 2016 were $266.8   
         9   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
million and $148.8 million, respectively. The total cost and accumulated depreciation of CPE units included in property and equipment, net, as of March 31, 2016 were $260.4 million and
$136.4 million, respectively.      Occasionally, the Company may enter into capital lease arrangements for various machinery,
equipment, computer-related equipment, software, furniture or fixtures. The Company records amortization of assets leased under capital lease arrangements within depreciation expense.        Patents, orbital slots and other licenses        The Company capitalizes
the costs of obtaining or acquiring patents, orbital slots and other licenses. Amortization of intangible assets that have finite lives is provided for by the straight-line method over the shorter of the legal or estimated economic life. Total
capitalized costs of $3.2 million related to patents were included in other assets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. The Company capitalized costs of $15.4 million related to acquiring and obtaining orbital slots and
other licenses included in other assets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. Accumulated amortization related to these assets was $1.9 million and $1.7 million as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016,
respectively. Amortization expense related to these assets was an insignificant amount for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. If a patent, orbital slot or orbital license is rejected, abandoned or otherwise invalidated,
the unamortized cost is expensed in that period. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not write off any significant costs due to abandonment or impairment.   
    Debt issuance costs        Debt issuance costs are amortized and recognized as interest expense using the effective interest rate method, or, when the results are not materially different, on a straight-line basis over the expected
term of the related debt. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, an insignificant amount of debt issuance costs was capitalized. During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $6.1 million and an insignificant
amount, respectively, of debt issuance costs were capitalized. Unamortized debt issuance costs related to extinguished debt are expensed at the time the debt is extinguished and recorded in loss on extinguishment of debt in the condensed
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Debt issuance costs related to the Company s revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility) are recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets and in other
long-term assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets in accordance with ASU 2015-15, Interest   Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
Arrangements, which the Company adopted during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Debt issuance costs related to the Company s 6.875% Senior Notes due 2020 (2020 Notes) and the Company s direct loan facility with the Export-Import Bank
of the United States for ViaSat-2 (the Ex-Im Credit Facility) are recorded as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt, consistent with debt discounts, in accordance with ASU 2015-03, Interest   Imputation of Interest
(ASC 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which the Company adopted during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017.   
    Software development        Costs of developing software for sale are charged to research and development expense when incurred, until technological feasibility has been established. Software development costs incurred from the time
technological feasibility is reached until the product is available for general release to customers are capitalized and reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Once the product is available for general release, the
software development costs are amortized based on the ratio of current to future revenue for each product with an annual minimum equal to straight-line amortization over the remaining estimated economic life of the product, generally within five
years. Capitalized costs, net, of $187.4 million and $163.1 million related to software developed for resale were included in other assets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. The Company capitalized $19.7 million and
$40.7 million of costs related to software developed for resale for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company capitalized $17.0 million and $33.5 million of costs related to software developed for resale for the
three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software development costs was $8.7 million and $16.4 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and $7.7
million and $13.9 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.        Self-insurance liabilities
       The Company has self-insurance plans to retain a portion of the exposure for losses related to employee medical
benefits and workers  compensation. The self-insurance plans include policies which provide for both specific and aggregate stop-loss limits. The Company utilizes internal actuarial methods as well as other historical information for the
purpose of estimating ultimate costs for a particular plan year. Based on these actuarial methods, along with currently available information and insurance industry statistics, the Company has recorded self-insurance liability for its plans of $3.9
million and $3.8 million in accrued liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. The Company s estimate, which is subject to inherent variability, is based on average
claims experience in the Company s industry and its own experience in terms of frequency and severity of claims, including asserted and unasserted claims incurred but not reported, with no explicit provision for adverse
  
         10   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
fluctuation from year to year. This variability may lead to ultimate payments being either greater or less than the amounts presented above. Self-insurance liabilities have been classified as a
current liability in accrued liabilities in accordance with the estimated timing of the projected payments.        Indemnification provisions
       In the ordinary course of business, the Company includes indemnification provisions in certain of its contracts,
generally relating to parties with which the Company has commercial relations. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company will indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified
party, including but not limited to losses relating to third-party intellectual property claims. To date, there have not been any material costs incurred in connection with such indemnification clauses. The Company s insurance policies do not
necessarily cover the cost of defending indemnification claims or providing indemnification, so if a claim was filed against the Company by any party that the Company has agreed to indemnify, the Company could incur substantial legal costs and
damages. A claim would be accrued when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. At September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, no such amounts were accrued related to the aforementioned provisions.   
    Noncontrolling interest        A noncontrolling interest represents the equity interest in a subsidiary that is not attributable, either directly or indirectly, to the Company and is reported as equity of the Company, separately from
the Company s controlling interest. Revenues, expenses, gains, losses, net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) are reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements at the consolidated amounts, which include the
amounts attributable to both the controlling and noncontrolling interest.        Common stock held in treasury     
  As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company had no shares of common stock held in treasury.   
  During the first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the Company issued 102,103 and 68,663 shares of common stock, respectively,
based on the vesting terms of certain restricted stock unit agreements. In order for employees to satisfy minimum statutory employee tax withholding requirements related to the issuance of common stock underlying these restricted stock unit
agreements, the Company withheld 34,204 and 22,185 shares of common stock at cost with a total value of $2.5 million and $1.3 million during the first six months of fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. Although shares withheld for employee
withholding taxes are technically not issued, they are treated as common stock repurchases for accounting purposes (with such shares deemed to be repurchased and then immediately retired), as they reduce the number of shares that otherwise would
have been issued upon vesting of the restricted stock units. These retired shares remain as authorized stock; however they are considered to be unissued. The retirement of treasury stock had no impact on the Company s total consolidated
stockholders  equity.        Derivatives        The Company enters into foreign currency forward and option contracts from time to time to hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions. Gains and losses arising from foreign currency forward
and option contracts not designated as hedging instruments are recorded in other income (expense) as gains (losses) on derivative instruments. Gains and losses arising from the effective portion of foreign currency forward and option contracts which
are designated as cash-flow hedging instruments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments until the underlying transaction affects the Company s earnings, at which time
they are then recorded in the same income statement line as the underlying transaction.      During the three and six months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company settled certain foreign exchange contracts and in connection therewith recognized an insignificant gain recorded in cost of revenues based on the nature of the underlying transactions. The fair value of the
Company s foreign currency forward contracts was an insignificant amount recorded as an other current asset as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016. The notional value of foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of September
30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 was $3.8 million and $5.0 million, respectively.      At September 30, 2016, the estimated net amount
of unrealized gains or losses related to foreign currency forward contracts that was expected to be reclassified to earnings within the next twelve months was insignificant. The Company s foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of
September 30, 2016 will mature within approximately 18 to 36 months from their inception. There were no gains or losses from ineffectiveness of these derivative instruments recorded for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.   
         11   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
     Stock-based compensation     
  In accordance with the authoritative guidance for share-based payments (ASC 718), the Company measures stock-based compensation cost at
the grant date, based on the estimated fair value of the award, and recognizes expense on a straight-line basis over the employee s requisite service period. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized in the condensed consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive income for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 only for those awards ultimately expected to vest, with forfeitures estimated at the date of grant. The authoritative guidance for
share-based payments requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The Company recognized $12.6 million and $25.4 million of stock-based
compensation expense for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. The Company recognized $11.6 million and $22.3 million of stock-based compensation expense for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.
     For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company recorded no incremental tax benefits from stock options
exercised and restricted stock unit awards vesting as the excess tax benefit from stock options exercised and restricted stock unit awards vesting increased the Company s net operating loss carryforward.   
    Income taxes     
  Accruals for uncertain tax positions are provided for in accordance with the authoritative guidance for accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes (ASC 740). The Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of
the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The authoritative guidance
for accounting for uncertainty in income taxes also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax
positions, and income tax disclosures. The Company s policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense.   
  Ordinarily, the effective tax rate at the end of an interim period is calculated using an estimate of the annual effective tax rate
expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. However, when a reliable estimate cannot be made, the Company computes its provision for income taxes using the actual effective tax rate (discrete method) for the year-to-date period. For the
three and six months ended September 30, 2016, we used the actual effective year-to-date tax rate in calculating the income tax provision for the periods as a reliable estimate of the annual effective tax rate could not be made. The income tax
provision for the periods differed from the amounts which would have been recorded using the U.S. statutory rate due primarily to the benefit of research and development tax credits.   
  A deferred income tax asset or liability is established for the expected future tax consequences resulting from differences in the
financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax credit and loss carryforwards. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.        Recent authoritative guidance
       In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to
recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer. This guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance and will be effective for the Company beginning in
fiscal year 2019, including interim periods within that reporting period, based on the FASB decision in July 2015 (ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers   Deferral of the Effective Date) to delay the effective date of the new
revenue recognition standard by one year, but providing entities a choice to adopt the standard as of the original effective date. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU  2016-08,  Principal versus Agent
Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which clarifies
the implementation guidance on identifying performance obligations and the licensing implementation guidance. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which provides practical expedient for
contract modifications and clarification on assessing the collectability criterion, presentation of sales taxes, measurement date for noncash consideration and completed contracts at transition. These standards permit the use of either the
retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has not selected a transition method and is currently evaluating the impact these standards will have on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
          In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability
to Continue as a Going Concern. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance regarding management s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an organization s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures. The new standard requires management to perform interim and annual evaluations and sets forth principles for considering the mitigating effect of management s plans. The standard mandates certain disclosures when
conditions give rise to substantial doubt about a company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the financial statement issuance date. This guidance is effective for the Company in fiscal year 2017, with early
application permitted. The Company early adopted the guidance, which did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.      In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02, Consolidation (ASC 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis. ASU  2015-02  amended the process that a reporting
entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and the guidance did not have a material impact on the
Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
         12   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-03, which requires that debt issuance costs
related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15 which provides additional
guidance to ASU 2015-03, which did not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. ASU 2015-15 noted that staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) would not object to
an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on
the line-of-credit arrangement. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 and was applied on a retrospective basis, wherein the condensed consolidated balance sheet of each individual period
presented was adjusted to reflect the period-specific effects of applying the new guidance. As a result, the Company reclassed unamortized debt issuance costs related to the Company s 2020 Notes and the Ex-Im Credit Facility from prepaid
expenses and other current assets and from other assets (long-term) to senior notes, net, and other long-term debt, net, respectively, within its condensed consolidated balance sheets as of March 31, 2016. In accordance with ASU 2015-15, the Company
has elected to continue to present debt issuance costs related to the Revolving Credit Facility as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility arrangement.   
  In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-05, Intangibles Goodwill and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40):
Customer s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement. ASU 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software
license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account
for the arrangement as a service contract. The new guidance does not change the accounting for a customer s accounting for service contracts. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. The
Company elected to adopt this guidance on a prospective basis and the adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
  In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory. ASU 2015-11 simplifies the
guidance on the subsequent measurement of inventory, excluding inventory measured using last-in, first out or the retail inventory method. Under the new standard, in-scope inventory should be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
The new standard should be applied prospectively and will become effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements
and disclosures.      In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-16, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the
Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments. ASU 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are
determined. Under current GAAP, the acquirer is required to retrospectively apply adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. This guidance became effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2017. The Company adopted this guidance on a prospective basis and the guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
  In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Income Taxes (ASU 2015-17), which requires
entities to classify deferred tax liabilities and assets as non-current in a classified balance sheet. The new guidance can be applied either prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. ASU
2015-17 will become effective for the Company in fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, the Company early adopted this standard retrospectively and reclassified all of its current deferred tax
assets to non-current deferred tax assets on its consolidated balance sheets for all periods presented.      In January 2016, the
FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities (Subtopic 825-10). ASU 2016-01 requires that most equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method for accounting or those that
result in consolidation of the investee) be measured at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. The new guidance also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure
requirements for financial instruments. The new guidance should be applied by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. ASU 2016-01 will become effective for the Company in
fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted with certain stipulations. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-02 requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance
sheets as lease liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets and eliminates certain real estate-specific provisions. The new guidance will become effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, with early adoption
permitted. ASU  2016-02  will be adopted on a modified retrospective transition basis for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial
statements. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
         13   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-05, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). ASU
2016-05 clarifies that a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument, in and of itself, does not require dedesignation of a hedging relationship. The new guidance will become effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of
fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.      In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). ASU 2016-06 clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent put or call option in a debt instrument qualifies
as a separate derivative. The new guidance is required to be applied on a modified retrospective basis to all existing and future debt instruments of the fiscal year for which the amendments are effective. ASU 2016-06 will become effective for the
Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, Investment   Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323). ASU 2016-07 eliminates the
requirement to apply the equity method of accounting retrospectively when a reporting entity obtains significant influence over a previously held investment. ASU 2016-07 will become effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of fiscal
year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.      In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718). ASU 2016-09 simplifies various aspects related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented
in the financial statements. The new guidance will become effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements and disclosures.      In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments   Credit Losses (Topic
326). ASU 2016-13 requires credit losses on most financial assets measured at amortized cost and certain other instruments to be measured using an expected credit loss model (referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) model). It also
modifies the impairment model for available-for-sale debt securities and provides for a simplified accounting model for purchased financial assets with credit deterioration since their origination. The new guidance will become effective for the
Company beginning in fiscal year 2021, with early adoption permitted. The new guidance is required to be applied on a modified-retrospective basis. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements and disclosures.      In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). ASU
2016-15 makes eight targeted changes to how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019, with early
adoption permitted. The new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case the Company would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.      In
October 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-16, Income Taxes (Topic 740). ASU 2016-16 requires that an entity should recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs as opposed to
when the asset has been sold to an outside party. The new standard will become effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2019, with early adoption permitted. The new standard will require a modified retrospective basis through
cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and disclosures.   
         14   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
    Note 2   Composition of Certain Balance Sheet Captions    

15   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          

     Note 3   Fair Value Measurements       In accordance with the authoritative guidance for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis (ASC 820), the Company prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value
from market-based assumptions to entity specific assumptions:       

Level 1   Inputs based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets at the measurement date.

Level 2   Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active
markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.      

Level 3   Inputs which reflect management s best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the
measurement date. The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the instrument s valuation.         The following tables present the Company s hierarchy for its assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:   

16   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   The following section describes the valuation methodologies the Company uses to measure
financial instruments at fair value:       Cash equivalents    The Company s cash equivalents consist of money
market funds. Money market funds are valued using quoted prices for identical assets in an active market with sufficient volume and frequency of transactions (Level 1).       Foreign currency forward contracts    The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage foreign currency risk relating to foreign exchange rates. The Company does not use these
instruments for speculative or trading purposes. The Company s objective is to reduce the risk to earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or
liabilities in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements and are measured at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair values of those derivative instruments are recorded to earnings or other comprehensive
income (loss) depending on the use of the derivative instrument and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. The Company s foreign currency forward contracts are valued using standard calculations/models that are primarily based on observable
inputs, such as foreign currency exchange rates, or can be corroborated by observable market data (Level 2).   
   Long-term debt    The Company s long-term debt consists of borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the Ex-Im
Credit Facility (together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities), as well as $575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2020 Notes. Long-term debt related to the Revolving Credit Facility is reported at the outstanding
principal amount of borrowings, while long-term debt related to the Ex-Im Credit Facility and 2020 Notes is reported at amortized cost. However, for disclosure purposes, the Company is required to measure the fair value of outstanding debt on a
recurring basis. As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the fair value of the Company s outstanding long-term debt related to the 2020 Notes was determined using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) and was $595.8 million and $597.3
million, respectively. The fair value of the Company s long-term debt related to the Revolving Credit Facility approximates its carrying amount due to its variable interest rate, which approximates a market interest rate. As of September 30,
2016 and March 31, 2016, the fair value of the Company s long-term debt related to the Ex-Im Credit Facility was determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis using observable market interest rates for instruments with similar terms
(Level 2) and was approximately $296.0 million and $219.9 million, respectively.       Satellite performance incentives
obligation    The Company s contract with the manufacturer of ViaSat-1 requires the Company to make monthly in-orbit satellite performance incentive payments, including interest at 7.0%, over a fifteen-year period from December 2011 to
December 2026, subject to the continued satisfactory performance of the satellite. The Company recorded the net present value of these expected future payments as a liability and as a component of the cost of the satellite. However, for disclosure
purposes, the Company is required to measure the fair value of outstanding satellite performance incentives on a recurring basis. The fair value of the Company s outstanding satellite performance incentives is estimated to approximate their
carrying value based on current rates (Level 2). As of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, the Company s estimated satellite performance incentives obligation and accrued interest was $21.7 million and $22.0 million, respectively.
      Note 4   Shares Used In Computing Diluted Net Income Per Share    

17   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   Antidilutive shares relating to stock options excluded from the calculation comprised
413,750 and 398,771 shares for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, and 657,457 and 645,967 shares for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.   
  Antidilutive shares relating to restricted stock units excluded from the calculation comprised zero shares for the three and six months
ended September 30, 2016, and 12,235 and six shares for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015, respectively.       Note 5  
Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets       During the first six months of fiscal year 2017, the Company s goodwill
decreased by $0.6 million, which related to the effects of foreign currency translation recorded within the Company s government systems and commercial networks segments.      Other acquired intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of two to ten years. Amortization expense related to other acquired intangible assets was
$2.3 million and $4.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4.8 million and $9.4 million for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
  The expected amortization expense of amortizable acquired intangible assets may change due to the effects of foreign currency
fluctuations as a result of international businesses acquired. Current and expected amortization expense for acquired intangible assets for each of the following periods is as follows:   

18   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
    Note 6   Senior Notes and Other Long-Term Debt    
  Total long-term debt consisted of the following as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016:   

(1)  
  As of September 30, 2016, included in Ex-Im Credit Facility and in unamortized discount and debt issuance costs on the Ex-Im Credit Facility was $28.4 million and
$24.3 million, respectively, relating to the exposure fees accrued as of such date expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility. As of March 31, 2016, included in Ex-Im Credit Facility and in unamortized discount and debt
issuance costs on the Ex-Im Credit Facility was $21.0 million and $18.7 million, respectively, relating to the exposure fees accrued as of such date expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility.     

(2)  
  During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, the Company adopted ASU 2015-03. The retrospective basis adoption of this guidance resulted in reclassification of
unamortized debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the Company s 2020 Notes and the Ex-Im Credit Facility, respectively, consistent with unamortized discount, as of March 31, 2016.     
    Revolving Credit Facility        As of September 30, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility provided an $800.0 million revolving line of credit (including up to $150.0 million of letters of credit), with a maturity date of May 24, 2021
(or March 16, 2020, if more than $200.0 million of the Company s 2020 Notes are then outstanding and certain conditions are met).      Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company s option, at either (1) the highest of the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, the Eurodollar rate plus 1.00%, or the
administrative agent s prime rate as announced from time to time, or (2) the Eurodollar rate, plus, in the case of each of (1) and (2), an applicable margin that is based on the Company s total leverage ratio. At September 30,
2016, the weighted average effective interest rate on the Company s outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was 2.78%. The Company has capitalized certain amounts of interest expense on the Revolving Credit Facility in
connection with the construction of various assets during the construction period. The Revolving Credit Facility is required to be guaranteed by certain significant domestic subsidiaries of the Company (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility)
and secured by substantially all of the Company s and any such subsidiaries  assets. As of September 30, 2016, none of the Company s subsidiaries guaranteed the Revolving Credit Facility.   
  The Revolving Credit Facility contains financial covenants regarding a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage
ratio. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, the Company s ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, make capital expenditures, grant liens, pay dividends and make
certain other restricted payments.   
         19   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants under the Revolving Credit
Facility as of September 30, 2016. At September 30, 2016, the Company had $225.0 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and $42.9 million outstanding under standby letters of credit,
leaving borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016 of $532.1 million.        Ex-Im Credit
Facility        As of September 30, 2016, the Ex-Im Credit Facility provided a $386.7 million senior secured direct loan
facility, $343.1 million of which can be used to finance up to 85% of the costs of construction, launch and insurance of the ViaSat-2 satellite and related goods and services (including costs incurred on or after September 18, 2012), with the
remainder used to finance the total exposure fees incurred under the Ex-Im Credit Facility of up to $43.6 million (depending on the total amount of financing borrowed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility).   
  Borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.38% and are required to be repaid in 16 approximately equal
semi-annual installments, commencing approximately six months after the in-orbit acceptance date of the ViaSat-2 satellite (or, if earlier, on April 15, 2018), with a maturity date of October 15, 2025. Exposure fees of $6.0 million were
incurred in connection with the initial borrowing under the Ex-Im Credit Facility, with the remaining exposure fees payable by the in-orbit acceptance date for ViaSat-2. Exposure fees under the Ex-Im Credit Facility are amortized using the effective
interest rate method. The effective interest rate on the Company s outstanding borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility, which takes into account estimated timing and amount of borrowings, exposure fees, debt issuance costs and other fees,
was estimated to be between 4.5% and 4.6% as of September 30, 2016. The Ex-Im Credit Facility is guaranteed by ViaSat and is secured by first-priority liens on the ViaSat-2 satellite and related assets, as well as a pledge of the capital stock of
the borrower under the facility.      The Ex-Im Credit Facility contains financial covenants regarding ViaSat s maximum total
leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio. In addition, the Ex-Im Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, the Company s ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, make capital expenditures,
grant liens, pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments, which on October 11, 2016 were amended to bring them into closer alignment with the covenants under the Company s amended Revolving Credit Facility.   
  The Company was in compliance with its financial covenants under the Ex-Im Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016. At
September 30, 2016, the Company had $264.4 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility and had accrued $28.4 million in completion exposure fees expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit
Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the undrawn commitment under the Ex-Im Credit Facility was $93.9 million (excluding $28.4 million of accrued completion exposure fees), of which $84.6 million was available to finance ViaSat-2 related costs
once incurred. The Ex-Im Credit Facility, however, provides that the maximum amount that may be borrowed to finance payments under the ViaSat-2 satellite construction contract prior to the date that the satellite is shipped to the launch site may
not exceed $266.2 million, which initial pre-shipping borrowing level is anticipated to be reached during November 2016. The borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility were issued with a discount of $35.5 million (comprising the initial $6.0 million
exposure fee, the completion exposure fees accrued as of September 30, 2016, and other customary fees). The borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility are recorded as long-term debt, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, in the
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements. The discount and deferred financing cost associated with the issuance of the borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility is amortized to interest expense on an effective interest rate basis
over the term of the borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility.        Senior Notes due 2020     
  In February 2012, the Company issued $275.0 million in principal amount of 2020 Notes in a private placement to institutional buyers,
which were exchanged in August 2012 for substantially identical 2020 Notes that had been registered with the SEC. These initial 2020 Notes were issued at face value and are recorded as long-term debt in the Company s condensed consolidated
financial statements. In October 2012, the Company issued an additional $300.0 million in principal amount of 2020 Notes in a private placement to institutional buyers at an issue price of 103.50% of the principal amount, which were exchanged in
January 2013 for substantially identical 2020 Notes that had been registered with the SEC. The 2020 Notes are all treated as a single class. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of 6.875% per year, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears, which
interest payments commenced in June 2012. Debt issuance costs associated with the issuance of the 2020 Notes are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the 2020 Notes, the results of which are not materially
different from the effective interest rate basis. The $10.5 million premium the Company received in connection with the issuance of the additional 2020 Notes is recorded as long-term debt in the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements and is being amortized as a reduction to interest expense on an effective interest rate basis over the term of those 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are recorded as long-term debt, net of unamortized premium and debt issuance costs, in the
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements.      The 2020 Notes are required to be guaranteed on an unsecured
senior basis by each of the Company s existing and future subsidiaries that guarantees the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, none of the Company s subsidiaries guaranteed the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are the
Company s general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. The 2020 Notes are effectively junior in right of payment to the
Company s existing and future secured debt, including under the Credit Facilities (to the extent of the value of the assets securing such   
         20   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
debt), are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company s subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2020 Notes, and are senior in
right of payment to all of their existing and future subordinated indebtedness.      The indenture governing the 2020 Notes
limits, among other things, the Company s and its restricted subsidiaries  ability to: incur, assume or guarantee additional debt; issue redeemable stock and preferred stock; pay dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase
capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; make loans and investments; grant or incur liens; restrict dividends, loans or asset transfers from restricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; enter into transactions
with affiliates; reduce the Company s satellite insurance; and consolidate or merge with, or sell substantially all of their assets to, another person.      The 2020 Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time during the twelve months beginning on June 15, 2016 at a redemption price of 103.438%, during the twelve months beginning on
June 15, 2017 at a redemption price of 101.719%, and at any time on or after June 15, 2018 at a redemption price of 100%, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the redemption date.   
  In the event a change of control occurs (as defined in the indenture), each holder will have the right to require the Company to
repurchase all or any part of such holder s 2020 Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the
right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).       Note 7  
Product Warranty       The Company provides limited warranties on its products for periods of up to five years. The Company
records a liability for its warranty obligations when products are shipped or they are included in long-term construction contracts based upon an estimate of expected warranty costs. Amounts expected to be incurred within twelve months are
classified as accrued liabilities and amounts expected to be incurred beyond twelve months are classified as other liabilities in the condensed consolidated financial statements. For mature products, the warranty cost estimates are based on
historical experience with the particular product. For newer products that do not have a history of warranty costs, the Company bases its estimates on its experience with the technology involved and the types of failures that may occur. It is
possible that the Company s underlying assumptions will not reflect the actual experience and, in that case, future adjustments will be made to the recorded warranty obligation. The following table reflects the change in the Company s
warranty accrual during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:       
     Note 8   Commitments and Contingencies    
  In May 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase ViaSat-2 (the Company s second high-capacity Ka-band satellite) from
The Boeing Company (Boeing) at a price of approximately $358.0 million, plus an additional amount for launch support services to be performed by Boeing.      In July 2016, the Company entered into two separate agreements with Boeing for the construction and purchase of two ViaSat-3 class satellites (the Company s third-generation high-capacity Ka-band
satellite design) and the integration of ViaSat s payload technologies into the satellites at a price of approximately $368.3 million in the aggregate (subject to purchase price adjustments based on factors such as launch delay and early
delivery), plus an additional amount for launch support services to be performed by Boeing. In addition, under one of these agreements, the Company has the option to order up to two additional ViaSat-3 class satellites. These agreements supersede
the prior limited authorization to proceed which was entered into during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. The first ViaSat-3 class satellite is expected to provide broadband services over the Americas, and the second is expected to provide
broadband services over Europe, Middle East and Africa.      From time to time, the Company is involved in a variety of claims,
suits, investigations and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including government investigations and claims, and other claims and proceedings with respect to intellectual property, breach of contract, labor and employment, tax
and other matters. Such matters could result in fines; penalties, compensatory,   
         21   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   
treble or other damages; or non-monetary relief. A violation of government contract laws and regulations could also result in the termination of our government contracts or debarment from bidding
on future government contracts. Although claims, suits, investigations and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company believes that the resolution of its current pending matters will not
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.      In March 2016, the
Company s majority-owned subsidiary TrellisWare was informed by the Civil Division of the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Southern District of California that it is investigating TrellisWare s eligibility for certain prior government
contracts and whether TrellisWare s conduct in connection therewith violated the False Claims Act. At this time, the Company cannot determine whether the government will initiate a case and, if so, whether TrellisWare would be liable for any
damages or penalties, or in what amount. Although the outcome of this investigation is difficult to predict, an unfavorable resolution could have a material impact on the Company s financial results.   
  The Company has contracts with various U.S. government agencies. Accordingly, the Company is routinely subject to audit and review by the
DCMA, the DCAA and other U.S. government agencies of its performance on government contracts, indirect rates and pricing practices, accounting and management internal control business systems, and compliance with applicable contracting and
procurement laws, regulations and standards. An adverse outcome to a review or audit or other failure to comply with applicable contracting and procurement laws, regulations and standards could result in material civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions being imposed on the Company, which may include termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, triggering of price reduction clauses, suspension of payments, significant customer refunds, fines and suspension, or a
prohibition on doing business with U.S. government agencies. In addition, if the Company fails to obtain an  adequate  determination of its various accounting and management internal control business systems from applicable U.S. government
agencies or if allegations of impropriety are made against it, the Company could suffer serious harm to its business or its reputation, including its ability to bid on new contracts or receive contract renewals and its competitive position in the
bidding process. The Company s incurred cost audits by the DCAA have not been concluded for fiscal year 2016. As of September 30, 2016, the DCAA had completed its incurred cost audit for fiscal year 2004 and approved the Company s incurred
cost claims for fiscal years 2005 through 2015 without further audit. Although the Company has recorded contract revenues subsequent to fiscal year 2015 based upon an estimate of costs that the Company believes will be approved upon final audit or
review, the Company does not know the outcome of any ongoing or future audits or reviews and adjustments, and if future adjustments exceed the Company s estimates, its profitability would be adversely affected. As of September 30, 2016 and
March 31, 2016, the Company had $1.7 million and $2.5 million, respectively, in contract-related reserves for its estimate of potential refunds to customers for potential cost adjustments on several multi-year U.S. government cost reimbursable
contracts. This reserve is classified as either an element of accrued liabilities or as a reduction of unbilled accounts receivable based on the status of the related contracts.       Note 9   Income Taxes       Ordinarily, the effective tax rate at the end
of an interim period is calculated using an estimate of the annual effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. However, when a reliable estimate cannot be made, the Company computes its provision for income taxes using the
actual effective tax rate (discrete method) for the year-to-date period. The Company s effective tax rate is highly influenced by the amount of its research and development tax credits. A small change in estimated annual pretax income (loss)
can produce a significant variance in the annual effective tax rate given the Company s expected amount of research and development tax credits. This variability provides an unreliable estimate of the annual effective tax rate. As a result, and
in accordance with the authoritative guidance for accounting for income taxes in interim periods, the Company has computed its provision for income taxes for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, by applying the actual effective tax
rate to the year-to-date income for the three-month and six-month periods.      Future realization of existing deferred tax assets
ultimately depends on future profitability and the existence of sufficient taxable income of appropriate character (for example, ordinary income versus capital gains) within the carryforward period available under tax law. In the event that the
Company s estimate of taxable income is less than that required to utilize the full amount of any deferred tax asset, a valuation allowance is established which would cause a decrease to income in the period such determination is made.
     For the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by
$1.0 million and $2.1 million, respectively. In the next twelve months it is reasonably possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not change significantly.   
         22   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
    Note 10  Strategic Partnering Arrangements    
  In February 2016, the Company entered into a framework and subscription agreement (the Framework Agreement) with Eutelsat, pursuant to
which the Company has agreed to enter into a strategic partnering arrangement with Eutelsat to own and operate satellite broadband infrastructure and equipment and provide satellite-based broadband internet services in the European region. The
arrangement will consist of two entities coordinating efforts to expand the European broadband market: an entity to be owned 51% by Eutelsat and 49% by the Company following the closing will own and operate Eutelsat s KA-SAT satellite and
related assets and offer wholesale satellite capacity services in the European region; and an entity to be owned 51% by the Company and 49% by Eutelsat following the closing will purchase wholesale satellite capacity services and offer retail
satellite-based broadband internet services in the European region. At the closing under the Framework Agreement, Eutelsat will contribute and transfer assets relating to Eutelsat s existing wholesale satellite broadband business (including its
KA-SAT satellite) to a newly formed subsidiary of Eutelsat in exchange for the issuance of new shares in such subsidiary, and following such contribution and issuance, the Company will purchase 49% of the issued shares of Eutelsat s subsidiary
from Eutelsat for  132.5 million and, similarly, Eutelsat will purchase 49% of the issued shares of a second newly formed subsidiary of the Company for an immaterial amount. Also at the closing, the Company and Eutelsat will enter into
shareholders  agreements and other ancillary agreements with respect to the ownership, management and operation of the two entities. The closing of the transactions under the Framework Agreement is subject to customary conditions, including the
receipt of required regulatory approvals and third-party consents. The Company currently anticipates that the closing will occur in fiscal year 2017.   
         23   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
    Note 11   Segment Information    
  The Company s reporting segments, comprised of the satellite services, commercial networks and government systems segments, are
primarily distinguished by the type of customer and the related contractual requirements. The Company s satellite services segment provides satellite-based broadband services to consumers, enterprises, commercial airlines and mobile broadband
customers primarily in the United States. The Company s commercial networks segment develops and offers advanced end-to-end satellite and wireless communication systems, ground networking equipment and space-to-earth connectivity systems, some
of which are ultimately used by the Company s satellite services segment. The Company s government systems segment develops and offers network-centric, internet protocol (IP)-based fixed and mobile secure government communications systems,
products, services and solutions, and provides global mobile broadband service and product offerings. The more regulated government environment is subject to unique contractual requirements and possesses economic characteristics which differ from
the satellite services and commercial networks segments. The Company s segments are determined consistent with the way management currently organizes and evaluates financial information internally for making operating decisions and assessing
performance.      Segment revenues and operating profits (losses) for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
were as follows:       

(1)  
  Product revenues and operating profits in the satellite services segment for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 included $6.6 million and $13.2 million,
respectively, and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015 included $6.3 million and $12.5 million, respectively, relating to amounts realized under the Company s settlement agreement entered into in fiscal year 2015 with Space
System Loral, Inc. and its former parent company Loral Space   Communications, Inc.     
         24   

Table of Contents  

VIASAT, INC.    
   NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)    
   (UNAUDITED)          
   Assets identifiable to segments include: accounts receivable, unbilled accounts
receivable, inventory, acquired intangible assets and goodwill. The Company s property and equipment, including its satellites, earth stations and other networking equipment, are assigned to corporate assets as they are available for use by the
various segments throughout their estimated useful lives. Segment assets as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016 were as follows:       
    Other acquired intangible assets, net and goodwill included in segment assets as of September 30, 2016
and March 31, 2016 were as follows:       
    Amortization of acquired intangible assets by segment for the three and six months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 was as follows:       
 
         25   

Table of Contents  

      Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations        Forward-Looking Statements       This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  contains forward-looking statements regarding future
events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the
industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. We use words such as  anticipate,   believe,   continue,   could,   estimate,   expect,   goal, 
 intend,   may,   plan,   project,   seek,   should,   target,   will,   would,  variations of such words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking
statements. In addition, statements that refer to projections of earnings, revenue, costs or other financial items; anticipated growth and trends in our business or key markets; future economic conditions and performance; the development, customer
acceptance and anticipated performance of technologies, products or services; satellite construction and launch activities; the performance and anticipated benefits of our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites and any future satellite we may
construct or acquire; the expected completion, capacity, service, coverage, service speeds and other features of our satellites, and the timing, cost, economics and other benefits associated therewith; anticipated subscriber growth; our proposed
strategic partnering arrangement with Eutelsat S.A. (together with its affiliates, Eutelsat) and the timing, costs, economics and other benefits associated therewith; plans, objectives and strategies for future operations; and other
characterizations of future events or circumstances, are forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to
predict. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include: our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites and any future satellite we may construct or acquire; unexpected expenses
related to our satellite projects; our ability to consummate our proposed strategic partnering arrangement with Eutelsat and to realize the anticipated benefits of the strategic partnering arrangement; our ability to successfully implement our
business plan for our broadband services on our anticipated timeline or at all; risks associated with the construction, launch and operation of satellites, including the effect of any anomaly, operational failure or degradation in satellite
performance; our ability to successfully develop, introduce and sell new technologies, products and services; audits by the U.S. government; changes in the global business environment and economic conditions; delays in approving U.S. government
budgets and cuts in government defense expenditures; our reliance on U.S. government contracts, and on a small number of contracts which account for a significant percentage of our revenues; reduced demand for products and services as a result of
continued constraints on capital spending by customers; changes in relationships with, or the financial condition of, key customers or suppliers; our reliance on a limited number of third parties to manufacture and supply our products; increased
competition; introduction of new technologies and other factors affecting the communications and defense industries generally; the effect of adverse regulatory changes on our ability to sell products and services; our level of indebtedness and
ability to comply with applicable debt covenants; our involvement in litigation, including intellectual property claims and litigation to protect our proprietary technology; our dependence on a limited number of key employees; and other factors
identified under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, under the heading  Risk Factors  in Part II, Item 1A of this report, elsewhere
in this report and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC). Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements for any reason.       Company Overview    
  We are an innovator in broadband technologies and services. Our end-to-end platform of high-capacity Ka-band satellites, ground
infrastructure and user terminals enables us to provide cost-effective, high-speed, high-quality broadband solutions to enterprises, consumers and government users around the globe, whether on the ground, on the move or in flight. In addition, we
develop and provide advanced wireless communications systems, secure networking systems and cybersecurity and information assurance products and services. Our product, system and service offerings are often linked through common underlying
technologies, customer applications and market relationships. We believe that our portfolio of products and services, combined with our ability to effectively cross-deploy technologies between government and commercial segments and across different
geographic markets, provides us with a strong foundation to sustain and enhance our leadership in advanced communications and networking technologies. ViaSat, Inc. was incorporated in California in 1986, and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation
in 1996.      During the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, we completed the acquisition of Engreen Inc. (Engreen), a privately
held company focused on network function virtualization, for approximately $5.3 million (of which $0.5 million has been withheld as security for any indemnifiable damages), recorded within our commercial networks segment.   
  We conduct our business through three segments: satellite services, commercial networks and government systems.   
         26   

Table of Contents  

    Satellite Services    
  Our satellite services segment provides satellite-based high-speed broadband services to consumers, enterprises,
commercial airlines and mobile broadband customers primarily in the United States. Our Exede      broadband services
offer high-speed, high-quality broadband internet access across the contiguous United States. We also offer similar services for a growing number of commercial and business aircraft both in the United States and abroad. Our satellite services
business also provides a platform for the provision of network management services to domestic and international satellite service providers. Our satellite services business uses our proprietary technology platform to provide broadband services with
multiple applications. Our proprietary Ka-band satellites are at the core of our technology platform. We own two satellites: ViaSat-1 (our first-generation high-capacity Ka-band spot-beam satellite, which was placed into service in January 2012) and
WildBlue-1 (which was placed into service in March 2007). In addition, three additional satellites are under construction: the ViaSat-2 satellite (our second-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design) and two ViaSat-3 class satellites (our
third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design). We currently expect the ViaSat-2 satellite to be launched late in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 or early in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and that the two ViaSat-3 class
satellites will be launched in fiscal year 2020 or early fiscal year 2021.      The primary services offered by our satellite
services segment are comprised of:       

Fixed broadband services under the Exede and Wildblue      brands offered to consumers and businesses primarily in the United States, which provide users with high-speed broadband internet access and Voice over Internet
Protocol (VoIP) services. As of September 30, 2016, we provided broadband internet services to approximately 686,000 consumer and small business subscribers.      

In-flight broadband services including our flagship Exede In The Air service. As of September 30, 2016, 533 commercial aircraft were in service
utilizing our Exede in-flight broadband services. In November 2016, ViaSat was selected by a North American airline to retrofit more than 500 aircraft from its existing domestic fleet with ViaSat s in-flight broadband system, with installation
expected to begin in the first half of fiscal year 2018.          

Mobile broadband services under the Yonder      brand, which provide global network management and high-speed internet connectivity services for customers using airborne, maritime and ground-mobile satellite
systems.          

Enterprise broadband services, which include business connectivity, live on-line event streaming, oil and natural gas data gathering services and
high-definition satellite news gathering.         In February 2016, we entered into a framework and subscription
agreement (the Framework Agreement) with Eutelsat, pursuant to which we have agreed to enter into a strategic partnering arrangement with Eutelsat to own and operate satellite broadband infrastructure and equipment and provide satellite-based
broadband internet services in the European region. The arrangement will consist of two entities coordinating efforts to expand the European broadband market: an entity to be owned 51% by Eutelsat and 49% by ViaSat following the closing will own and
operate Eutelsat s KA-SAT satellite and related assets and offer wholesale satellite capacity services in the European region; and an entity to be owned 51% by ViaSat and 49% by Eutelsat following the closing will purchase wholesale satellite
capacity services and offer retail satellite-based broadband internet services in the European region. At the closing under the Framework Agreement, Eutelsat will contribute and transfer assets relating to Eutelsat s existing wholesale
satellite broadband business (including its KA-SAT satellite) to a newly formed subsidiary of Eutelsat in exchange for the issuance of new shares in such subsidiary, and following such contribution and issuance, we will purchase 49% of the issued
shares of Eutelsat s subsidiary from Eutelsat for  132.5 million and, similarly, Eutelsat will purchase 49% of the issued shares of a second newly formed subsidiary of ViaSat for an immaterial amount. Also at the closing, we and Eutelsat
will enter into shareholders  agreements and other ancillary agreements with respect to the ownership, management and operation of the two entities. The closing of the transactions under the Framework Agreement is subject to customary
conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals and third-party consents. We currently anticipate that the closing will occur in fiscal year 2017.       Commercial Networks       Our commercial networks segment develops and produces
a variety of advanced end-to-end satellite and wireless communication systems, ground networking equipment and space-to-earth connectivity systems. We design and build customized fixed and mobile satellite communication systems capable of serving a
variety of markets and applications. In addition, we offer an array of ground networking equipment and products, including customer premise equipment (CPE), satellite modems, antenna technologies, earth stations and satellite networking hubs. Our
communication systems, networking equipment and products are generally developed through a combination of customer and discretionary internal research and development funding, are utilized to provide services through our satellite services segment
and are also sold to commercial networks customers.      Our communication systems, ground networking equipment and products
include:       

Fixed satellite networks, including next-generation satellite network infrastructure and ground terminals to access Ka-band broadband services on
high-capacity satellites.          

Mobile broadband satellite communication systems, designed for use in aircraft, high-speed trains and seagoing vessels.      
         27   

Table of Contents  

Antenna systems specializing in earth imaging, remote sensing, mobile satellite communication, Ka-band earth stations and other multi-band antennas.

Satellite networking development programs, including specialized design and technology services covering all aspects of satellite communication system
architecture and technology.          Government Systems    
  Our government systems segment develops and produces network-centric internet protocol (IP)-based fixed and mobile secure government
communications systems, products, services and solutions, which are designed to enable the collection and dissemination of secure real-time digital information between command centers, communications nodes and air defense systems. Customers of our
government systems segment include the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD), allied foreign governments, domestic and allied armed forces, public safety first-responders and remote government employees.   
  The primary products and services of our government systems segment include:   

Government mobile broadband products and services, which provide military and government users with high-speed, real-time, broadband and multimedia
connectivity in key regions of the world.          

Government satellite communication systems, which comprise an array of portable, mobile and fixed broadband modems, terminals, network access control
systems and antenna systems using a range of satellite frequency bands for line-of-sight and beyond-line-of-sight Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) and Command and Control (C2) missions, satellite networking services, network
management systems for Wi-Fi and other internet access networks, and global mobile broadband capability, and include products designed for manpacks, aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), seagoing vessels, ground mobile vehicles and fixed
applications.          

Cybersecurity and information assurance products, which provide advanced, high-speed IP-based  Type 1  and High Assurance Internet Protocol
Encryption (HAIPE     )-compliant encryption solutions that enable military and government users to communicate
information securely over networks, and that secure data stored on computers and storage devices.          

Tactical data links, including our Battlefield Awareness and Targeting System   Dismounted (BATS-D) handheld link radios, Multifunctional
Information Distribution System (MIDS) terminals for military fighter jets and their successor, MIDS Joint Tactical Radio System (MIDS-JTRS) terminals,  disposable  weapon data links and other portable small tactical terminals.
         Sources of Revenues       Our satellite services segment revenues are primarily derived from our domestic broadband services business and from our worldwide managed network services.   
  Our products in our commercial networks and government systems segments are provided primarily through three types of contracts:
fixed-price, time-and-materials and cost-reimbursement contracts. Fixed-price contracts (which require us to provide products and services under a contract at a specified price) comprised approximately 89% and 90% of our total revenues for these
segments for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 88% and 89% of our total revenues for these segments for the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The remainder of our revenues in these
segments for such periods was derived from cost-reimbursement contracts (under which we are reimbursed for all actual costs incurred in performing the contract to the extent such costs are within the contract ceiling and allowable under the terms of
the contract, plus a fee or profit) and from time-and-materials contracts (which reimburse us for the number of labor hours expended at an established hourly rate negotiated in the contract, plus the cost of materials utilized in providing such
products or services).      Our ability to grow and maintain our revenues in our commercial networks and government systems
segments has to date depended on our ability to identify and target markets where the customer places a high priority on the technology solution, and our ability to obtain additional sizable contract awards. Due to the nature of this process, it is
difficult to predict the probability and timing of obtaining awards in these markets.      Historically, a significant portion of
our revenues in our commercial networks and government systems segments has been derived from customer contracts that include the research and development of products. The research and development efforts are conducted in direct response to the
customer s specific requirements and, accordingly, expenditures related to such efforts are included in cost of sales when incurred and the related funding (which includes a profit component) is included in revenues. Revenues for our funded
research and development from our customer contracts were approximately 16% and 20% of our total revenues in the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Revenues for our funded research and development from our customer
contracts were approximately 19% of our total revenues in the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   
         28   

Table of Contents  

   We also incur independent research and development (IR D) expenses, which are not
directly funded by a third party. IR D expenses consist primarily of salaries and other personnel-related expenses, supplies, prototype materials, testing and certification related to research and development projects. IR D expenses were
approximately 8% and 6% of total revenues during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately 7% and 5% of total revenues during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. As a government
contractor, we are able to recover a portion of our IR D expenses pursuant to our government contracts.       Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses our
condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. We consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management s judgment, with financial reporting results
relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We describe the specific risks for these critical accounting policies in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies, we caution that future events rarely
develop exactly as forecast, and even the best estimates routinely require adjustment.        Revenue recognition     
  A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from long-term contracts requiring development and delivery of complex equipment built to
customer specifications. Sales related to these contracts are accounted for under the authoritative guidance for the percentage-of-completion method of accounting (Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605-35). Sales and earnings under these
contracts are recorded either based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to date to total estimated costs expected to be incurred related to the contract, or as products are shipped under the units-of-delivery method.   
  The percentage-of-completion method of accounting requires management to estimate the profit margin for each individual contract and to
apply that profit margin on a uniform basis as sales are recorded under the contract. The estimation of profit margins requires management to make projections of the total sales to be generated and the total costs that will be incurred under a
contract. These projections require management to make numerous assumptions and estimates relating to items such as the complexity of design and related development costs, performance of subcontractors, availability and cost of materials, labor
productivity and cost, overhead and capital costs and manufacturing efficiency. These contracts often include purchase options for additional quantities and customer change orders for additional or revised product functionality. Purchase options and
change orders are accounted for either as an integral part of the original contract or separately depending upon the nature and value of the item. For contract claims or similar items, we apply judgment in estimating the amounts and assessing the
potential for realization. These amounts are only included in contract value when they can be reliably estimated and realization is considered probable. Anticipated losses on contracts are recognized in full in the period in which losses become
probable and estimable. During the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded losses of approximately $1.6 million and $0.3 million, respectively, related to loss contracts. During the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, we recorded losses of approximately $2.0 million and $1.7 million, respectively, related to loss contracts.      Assuming
the initial estimates of sales and costs under a contract are accurate, the percentage-of-completion method results in the profit margin being recorded evenly as revenue is recognized under the contract. Changes in these underlying estimates due to
revisions in sales and future cost estimates or the exercise of contract options may result in profit margins being recognized unevenly over a contract as such changes are accounted for on a cumulative basis in the period estimates are revised.
We believe we have established appropriate systems and processes to enable us to reasonably estimate future costs on our programs through regular evaluations of contract costs, scheduling and technical matters by business unit personnel and
management. Historically, in the aggregate, we have not experienced significant deviations in actual costs from estimated program costs, and when deviations that result in significant adjustments arise, we disclose the related impact in
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, these estimates require significant management judgment, and a significant change in future cost estimates on one or more programs could have a
material effect on our results of operations. A one percent variance in our future cost estimates on open fixed-price contracts as of September 30, 2016 would change our income before income taxes by approximately $0.4 million.   
  We also derive a substantial portion of our revenues from contracts and purchase orders where revenue is recorded on delivery of products
or performance of services in accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition (ASC 605). Under this standard, we recognize revenue when an arrangement exists, prices are determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and the
goods or services have been delivered.   
         29   

Table of Contents  

   We also enter into certain leasing arrangements with customers and evaluate the contracts in
accordance with the authoritative guidance for leases (ASC 840). Our accounting for equipment leases involves specific determinations under the authoritative guidance for leases, which often involve complex provisions and significant judgments. In
accordance with the authoritative guidance for leases, we classify the transactions as sales type or operating leases based on: (1) review for transfers of ownership of the equipment to the lessee by the end of the lease term, (2) review
of the lease terms to determine if it contains an option to purchase the leased equipment for a price which is sufficiently lower than the expected fair value of the equipment at the date of the option, (3) review of the lease term to determine
if it is equal to or greater than 75% of the economic life of the equipment, and (4) review of the present value of the minimum lease payments to determine if they are equal to or greater than 90% of the fair market value of the equipment at
the inception of the lease. Additionally, we consider the cancelability of the contract and any related uncertainty of collections or risk in recoverability of the lease investment at lease inception. Revenue from sales type leases is recognized at
the inception of the lease or when the equipment has been delivered and installed at the customer site, if installation is required. Revenues from equipment rentals under operating leases are recognized as earned over the lease term, which is
generally on a straight-line basis.      In accordance with the authoritative guidance for revenue recognition for multiple
element arrangements, the Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2009-13 (ASU 2009-13), Revenue Recognition (ASC 605) Multiple-Deliverable Revenue Arrangements, which updates ASC 605-25, Revenue Recognition-Multiple element arrangements, of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) codification, for substantially all of the arrangements with multiple deliverables, we allocate revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy at the arrangement inception. The selling price for each
element is based upon the following selling price hierarchy: vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) if available, third-party evidence (TPE) if VSOE is not available, or estimated selling price (ESP) if neither VSOE nor TPE are available (a
description as to how we determine VSOE, TPE and ESP is provided below). If a tangible hardware systems product includes software, we determine whether the tangible hardware systems product and the software work together to deliver the
product s essential functionality and, if so, the entire product is treated as a nonsoftware deliverable. The total arrangement consideration is allocated to each separate unit of accounting for each of the nonsoftware deliverables using the
relative selling prices of each unit based on the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. Revenue for each separate unit of accounting is recognized when the applicable revenue recognition criteria for each element have been met.   
  To determine the selling price in multiple-element arrangements, we establish VSOE of the selling price using the price charged for a
deliverable when sold separately. We also consider specific renewal rates offered to customers for software license updates, product support and hardware systems support, and other services. For nonsoftware multiple-element arrangements, TPE is
established by evaluating similar and/or interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone arrangements with similarly situated customers and/or agreements. If we are unable to determine the selling price because VSOE or TPE doesn t
exist, we determine ESP for the purposes of allocating the arrangement by reviewing historical transactions, including transactions whereby the deliverable was sold on a standalone basis, and considering several other external and internal factors
including, but not limited to, pricing practices including discounting, margin objectives, competition, the geographies in which we offer our products and services, the type of customer (i.e. distributor, value added reseller, government agency or
direct end user, among others), volume commitments and the stage of the product lifecycle. The determination of ESP considers our pricing model and go-to-market strategy. As our, or our competitors , pricing and go-to-market strategies evolve,
we may modify our pricing practices in the future, which could result in changes to our determination of VSOE, TPE and ESP. As a result, our future revenue recognition for multiple-element arrangements could differ materially from those in the
current period.      Collections in excess of revenues and deferred revenues represent cash collected from customers in advance of
revenue recognition and are recorded in accrued liabilities for obligations within the next twelve months. Amounts for obligations extending beyond the twelve months are recorded within other liabilities in the condensed consolidated financial
statements.        Warranty reserves        We provide limited warranties on our products for periods of up to five years. We record a liability for our warranty obligations when we ship the products or they are included in long-term construction
contracts based upon an estimate of expected warranty costs. Amounts expected to be incurred within twelve months are classified as accrued liabilities and amounts expected to be incurred beyond twelve months are classified as other liabilities in
the condensed consolidated financial statements. For mature products, we estimate the warranty costs based on historical experience with the particular product. For newer products that do not have a history of warranty costs, we base our estimates
on our experience with the technology involved and the types of failures that may occur. It is possible that our underlying assumptions will not reflect the actual experience, and in that case, we will make future adjustments to the recorded
warranty obligation.   
         30   

Table of Contents  

     Property, equipment and satellites     
  Satellites and other property and equipment are recorded at cost or in the case of certain satellites and other property acquired, the
fair value at the date of acquisition, net of accumulated depreciation. Capitalized satellite costs consist primarily of the costs of satellite construction and launch, including launch insurance and insurance during the period of in-orbit testing,
the net present value of performance incentives expected to be payable to the satellite manufacturers (dependent on the continued satisfactory performance of the satellites), costs directly associated with the monitoring and support of satellite
construction, and interest costs incurred during the period of satellite construction. We also construct earth stations, network operations systems and other assets to support our satellites, and those construction costs, including interest, are
capitalized as incurred. At the time satellites are placed in service, we estimate the useful life of our satellites for depreciation purposes based upon an analysis of each satellite s performance against the original manufacturer s
orbital design life, estimated fuel levels and related consumption rates, as well as historical satellite operating trends.   
  We own two satellites: ViaSat-1 (our first-generation high-capacity Ka-band spot-beam satellite, which was placed into service in January
2012) and WildBlue-1 (which was placed into service in March 2007). In addition, three additional satellites are under construction: the ViaSat-2 satellite (our second-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design) and two ViaSat-3 class
satellites (our third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design). We currently expect the ViaSat-2 satellite to be launched late in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 or early in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, and that the two
ViaSat-3 class satellites will be launched in fiscal year 2020 or early fiscal year 2021. We also have an exclusive prepaid lifetime capital lease of Ka-band capacity over the contiguous United States on Telesat Canada s Anik F2 satellite
(which was placed into service in April 2005) and own related earth stations and networking equipment for all of our satellites. Property and equipment also includes the CPE units leased to subscribers under a retail leasing program as part of our
satellite services segment.        Impairment of long-lived and other long-term assets (property, equipment and satellites, and other assets,
including goodwill)        In accordance with the authoritative guidance for impairment or disposal of long-lived assets (ASC
360), we assess potential impairments to our long-lived assets, including property, equipment and satellites and other assets, when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We
periodically review the remaining estimated useful life of the satellite to determine if revisions to the estimated life are necessary. We recognize an impairment loss when the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by an asset (or group
of assets) are less than the asset s carrying value. Any required impairment loss would be measured as the amount by which the asset s carrying value exceeds its fair value, and would be recorded as a reduction in the carrying value of the
related asset and charged to results of operations. No material impairments were recorded by us for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      We account for our goodwill under the authoritative guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets (ASC 350) and the provisions of ASU 2011-08, Testing Goodwill for Impairment, which simplifies how we
test goodwill for impairment. Current authoritative guidance allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. If, after completing the qualitative
assessment, we determine that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is greater than the carrying value, we conclude that no impairment exists. If it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its
estimated fair value, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed in which the implied fair value of goodwill is
compared to its carrying value. If the implied fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value, goodwill must be written down to its implied fair value, resulting in goodwill impairment. We test goodwill for impairment during the fourth
quarter every fiscal year and when an event occurs or circumstances change such that it is reasonably possible that an impairment may exist.      The qualitative analysis includes assessing the impact of changes in certain factors including: (1) changes in forecasted operating results and comparing actual results to projections,
(2) changes in the industry or our competitive environment since the acquisition date, (3) changes in the overall economy, our market share and market interest rates since the acquisition date, (4) trends in the stock price and
related market capitalization and enterprise values, (5) trends in peer companies total enterprise value metrics, and (6) additional factors such as management turnover, changes in regulation and changes in litigation matters.   
  Based on our qualitative assessment performed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we concluded that it was more likely than
not that the estimated fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value as of March 31, 2016 and, therefore, determined it was not necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test.   
         31   

Table of Contents  

     Income taxes and valuation allowance on deferred tax assets     
  Management evaluates the realizability of our deferred tax assets and assesses the need for a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis to
determine if the weight of available evidence suggests that an additional valuation allowance is needed. In accordance with the authoritative guidance for income taxes (ASC 740), net deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based
on all the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In the event that our estimate of taxable income is less than that required to utilize the full amount of any deferred tax
asset, a valuation allowance is established which would cause a decrease to income in the period such determination is made. Our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets increased from $17.1 million at March 31, 2016 to $19.3 million at
September 30, 2016. The valuation allowance primarily relates to state net operating loss carryforwards and research and development tax credit carryforwards available to reduce state income taxes.   
  Accruals for uncertain tax positions are provided for in accordance with the authoritative guidance for accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes (ASC 740). Under the authoritative guidance, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on
the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The
authoritative guidance addresses the derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures.
     We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of business,
there are calculations and transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In addition, changes in tax laws and regulations as well as adverse judicial rulings could adversely affect the income tax provision. We believe we have
adequately provided for income tax issues not yet resolved with federal, state and foreign tax authorities. However, if these provided amounts prove to be more than what is necessary, the reversal of the reserves would result in tax benefits being
recognized in the period in which we determine that provision for the liabilities is no longer necessary. If an ultimate tax assessment exceeds our estimate of tax liabilities, an additional charge to expense would result.   
   Results of Operations    
  The following table presents, as a percentage of total revenues, income statement data for the periods indicated:   

32   

Table of Contents  

    Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
   Revenues        
    Our total revenues grew by $45.8 million as a result of a $23.6 million increase in product revenues and
a $22.3 million increase in service revenues. The product revenue increase was primarily driven by an increase of $26.7 million in our government systems segment. The service revenue increase was primarily driven by increases of $15.7 million in our
satellite services segment and $3.9 million in our government systems segment.       Cost of revenues    
   
    Cost of revenues increased by $30.3 million due to increases of $20.6 million in cost of product
revenues and $9.6 million in cost of service revenues. The cost of product revenue increase was primarily due to increased product revenues, causing a $16.7 million increase in cost of product revenues on a constant margin basis. This cost
of product revenue increase mainly related to our tactical data link products and cybersecurity and information assurance products in our government systems segment. The cost of service revenue increase was primarily due to increased service
revenues, which generated a $14.6 million increase in cost of service revenues on a constant margin basis. This increase mainly related to our Exede broadband services and in-flight broadband services in our satellite services segment, partially
offset by improved margins from our Exede broadband services resulting from higher value service plan offerings compared to the prior year period.       Selling, general and administrative expenses        
    The $3.9 million increase in selling, general and administrative (SG A) expenses was primarily
attributable to higher support costs of $7.0 million mainly relating to our government systems segment. This increase was partially offset by lower selling costs primarily in our satellite services segment as well as lower new business proposal
costs mainly in our government systems segment. SG A expenses consisted primarily of personnel costs and expenses for business development, marketing and sales, bid and proposal, facilities, finance, contract administration and general
management.       Independent research and development        
    The $9.4 million increase in IR D expenses was primarily the result of increased IR D efforts in
our commercial networks segment of $10.0 million, which mainly related to research increases in next-generation satellite payload technologies for our  ViaSat-3  class satellites and mobile broadband
satellite communication systems.   
         33   

Table of Contents  

    Amortization of acquired intangible assets    
  We amortize our acquired intangible assets from prior acquisitions over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to ten years.
The $2.3 million decrease in amortization of acquired intangible assets in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared to the prior year period was primarily the result of certain acquired customer relationship intangibles in our satellite
services segment becoming fully amortized over the preceding twelve months. Current and expected amortization expense for acquired intangible assets for each of the following periods is as follows:   
   
     Interest income       The $0.4 million decrease in interest income in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to the decrease in the amount of payments under our settlement
agreement with Space System Loral, Inc. and its former parent company Loral Space   Communications, Inc. (the Settlement Agreement), recognized as interest income in both periods.       Interest expense       The $2.4 million decrease in interest expense in the
three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to an increase of $4.5 million in the amount of interest capitalized during the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 compared to the prior year period. This
decrease was partially offset by increased interest expense due to the overall higher amount of outstanding borrowings during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Capitalized interest expense during the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 related to the construction of ViaSat-2 and other assets and in the current year period also included interest expense related to the construction of our ViaSat-3 class satellites.   
   Provision for income taxes       For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we recorded an income tax provision of $3.6 million and $2.8 million, respectively. The income tax provision for the periods differed from the
amounts which would have been recorded using the U.S. statutory rate due primarily to the benefit of research and development tax credits. Ordinarily, the effective tax rate at the end of an interim period is calculated using an estimate of the
annual effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. However, when a reliable estimate cannot be made, we compute our provision for income taxes using the actual effective tax rate (discrete method) for the year-to-date
period. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we used the actual effective year-to-date tax rate in calculating the income tax provision for that period as a reliable estimate of the annual effective tax rate could not be made.   
   Segment Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Three Months Ended September 30, 2015    
    Satellite services segment     
   Revenues        
 
         34   

Table of Contents  

   Our satellite services segment revenues grew by $16.1 million primarily as a result of a
$15.7 million increase in service revenues. The increase in service revenues was primarily driven by higher average revenue per Exede broadband internet subscriber, as well as the expansion of our in-flight broadband services compared to the prior
year period. 533 commercial aircraft were in service as of September 30, 2016 compared to 419 commercial aircraft in service as of September 30, 2015. Total subscribers of our broadband internet services were relatively flat year over year, with
approximately 686,000 subscribers at September 30, 2016 compared to 687,000 subscribers at September 30, 2015.       Segment operating profit
       
    The increase in our satellite services segment operating profit was driven primarily by higher earnings
contributions of $11.3 million primarily due to the increase in service revenues. The higher average revenue per Exede broadband internet subscriber in the current year period was primarily driven by higher value service plan offerings compared to
the prior year period, and resulted in increased service revenues and improved margins. We experienced positive contributions from our in-flight broadband services during the current year period.   
    Commercial networks segment     
   Revenues        
    Our commercial networks segment revenues decreased slightly by $0.9 million, due to a $3.5 million
decrease in product revenues, offset by a $2.6 million increase in service revenues. The decrease in product revenues was primarily due to a decrease of $7.6 million in mobile broadband satellite communication systems, partially offset by an
increase of $3.7 million related to fixed satellite networks (reflecting broadband terminal orders under our large-scale Australian Ka-band infrastructure project, partially offset by decreased revenues reflecting the nearing of completion
of the Australian Ka-band infrastructure project).       Segment operating loss    
   
    The $18.6 million increase in our commercial networks segment operating loss was driven primarily by a
$10.0 million increase in IR D expenses (primarily related to research increases in next-generation satellite payload technologies for our ViaSat-3 class satellites and mobile broadband satellite communication systems) and lower earnings
contributions of $7.4 million (primarily due to lower revenues and lower margins in our mobile broadband satellite communication systems). Additionally, support costs increased $1.6 million compared to the prior year period.   
         35   

Table of Contents  

     Government systems segment         Revenues        
    Our government systems segment revenues increased by $30.6 million, due to a $26.7 million increase in
product revenues and a $3.9 million increase in service revenues. The product revenue increase was primarily due to a $14.1 million increase in tactical data link products and a $13.3 million increase in cybersecurity and information assurance
products. Of the service revenue increase, $2.8 million related to our network management services for Wi-Fi and other internet access networks and $2.1 million related to our government satellite communications systems services.   
   Segment operating profit        
    The $9.3 million increase in our government systems segment operating profit reflected higher
earnings contributions of $11.6 million primarily due to higher revenues and improved margins in our cybersecurity and information assurance products and tactical data link products. This operating profit increase was partially offset by overall
higher SG A costs of $2.9 million.   
         36   

Table of Contents  

    Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Six Months Ended September 30, 2015    
   Revenues        
    Our total revenues grew by $64.6 million, due to a $48.7 million increase in service revenues and a $15.9
million increase in product revenues. The service revenue increase was primarily driven by increases of $35.3 million in our satellite services segment and $9.1 million in our government systems segment. The product revenue increase was primarily
driven by an increase of $21.5 million in our government systems segment, partially offset by a $6.5 million decrease in our commercial networks segment.       Cost of revenues        
    Cost of revenues increased by $35.1 million due to a $19.6 million increase in cost of service
revenues and $15.5 million increase in cost of product revenues. The cost of service revenue increase was primarily due to increased service revenues, which generated a $32.2 million increase in cost of service revenues on a constant margin basis.
This increase mainly related to our Exede broadband services and in-flight broadband services in our satellite services segment, as well as our network management services for Wi-Fi and other internet access networks in our government systems
segment, and was partially offset by improved margins from our Exede broadband services resulting from higher quality and higher value service plan offerings in our satellite services segment. The cost of product revenue increase was primarily due
to increased revenues, causing a $11.6 million increase in cost of product revenues on a constant margin basis. This cost of product revenue increase mainly related to our cybersecurity and information assurance products and tactical data links
products in our government systems segment.       Selling, general and administrative expenses    
   
    The $12.2 million increase in SG A expenses was primarily attributable to higher support costs of
$16.0 million spread across all three segments. This increase was partially offset by lower new business proposal costs mainly in our government systems segment as well as lower selling costs in our satellite services segment. SG A expenses
consisted primarily of personnel costs and expenses for business development, marketing and sales, bid and proposal, facilities, finance, contract administration and general management.       Independent research and development        
    The $19.0 million increase in IR D expenses was primarily the result of increased IR D efforts in
our commercial networks segment of $21.5 million (primarily related to research increases in next-generation satellite payload technologies for our ViaSat-3 class satellites and mobile broadband satellite communication systems).   
         37   

Table of Contents  

    Amortization of acquired intangible assets    
  We amortize our acquired intangible assets from prior acquisitions over their estimated useful lives, which range from two to ten years.
The $4.6 million decrease in amortization of acquired intangible assets in the first six months of fiscal year 2017 compared to the prior year period was primarily the result of certain acquired customer relationship intangibles in our satellite
services segment becoming fully amortized over the preceding twelve months. Current and expected amortization expense for acquired intangible assets for each of the following periods is as follows:   
   
     Interest income       The $0.7 million decrease in interest income in the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period was primarily due to the decrease in the amount of payments under the Settlement
Agreement recognized as interest income in both periods.       Interest expense    
  The $3.8 million decrease in interest expense in the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period was primarily
due to an increase of $8.6 million in the amount of interest capitalized during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 compared to the same period last fiscal year. This decrease was partially offset by increased interest expense due to the
overall higher amount of outstanding borrowings during the six months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the prior year period. Capitalized interest expense during the six months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 related to the construction of
ViaSat-2 and other assets and in the current year period also included interest expense related to the construction of our ViaSat-3 class satellites.       Provision for income taxes       For the six months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, we recorded an income tax provision of $4.4 million and $3.8 million, respectively. The income tax provision for the periods differed from the amounts which would have been recorded using the U.S. statutory rate due primarily to the benefit of
research and development tax credits. Ordinarily, the effective tax rate at the end of an interim period is calculated using an estimate of the annual effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. However, when a reliable
estimate cannot be made, we compute our provision for income taxes using the actual effective tax rate (discrete method) for the year-to-date period. For the six months ended September 30, 2016, we used the actual effective year-to-date tax rate in
calculating the income tax provision for the period as a reliable estimate of the annual effective tax rate could not be made.       Segment
Results for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 vs. Six Months Ended September 30, 2015         Satellite services segment
        Revenues        
 
         38   

Table of Contents  

   Our satellite services segment revenues grew by $36.1 million primarily as a result of a
$35.3 million increase in service revenues. The increase in service revenues was primarily driven by higher average revenue per Exede broadband internet subscriber, as well as the expansion of our in-flight broadband services compared to the prior
year period. 533 commercial aircraft were in service as of September 30, 2016 compared to 419 commercial aircraft in service as of September 30, 2015. Total subscribers of our broadband internet services were relatively flat year over year, with
approximately 686,000 subscribers at September 30, 2016 compared to 687,000 subscribers at September 30, 2015.       Segment operating profit
       
    The increase in our satellite services segment operating profit was driven primarily by higher earnings
contributions of $27.2 million primarily due to the increase in service revenues. The higher average revenue per Exede broadband internet subscriber in the current year period was primarily driven by higher value service plan offerings compared to
the prior year period, and resulted in increased service revenues and improved margins. We also experienced positive contributions from our in-flight broadband services in the current year period.   
    Commercial networks segment     
   Revenues        
    Our commercial networks segment revenues decreased by $2.1 million, due to a $6.5 million decrease
in product revenues offset by a $4.3 million increase in service revenues. The product revenue decrease was comprised mainly of decreases of $13.4 million in mobile broadband satellite communication systems and $4.5 million in
antenna systems products, partially offset by an increase of $10.5 million related to fixed satellite networks (reflecting broadband terminal orders under our large-scale Australian  Ka-band  infrastructure
project, partially offset by decreased revenues reflecting the nearing of completion of the Australian  Ka-band  infrastructure project and a decrease from our next-generation  Ka-band  system contract in Canada). The service revenue increase was primarily due to a $4.3 million increase related to fixed satellite networks support agreements.   
   Segment operating loss        
    The $38.4 million increase in our commercial networks segment operating loss was driven primarily by a
$21.5 million increase in IR D expenses (primarily related to research increases in next-generation satellite payload technologies for our ViaSat-3 class satellites and mobile broadband satellite communication systems) and lower earnings
contributions of $12.0 million primarily due to lower revenues and lower margins in our mobile broadband satellite communication systems. Additionally, support costs increased $4.7 million compared to the prior year period.   
         39   

Table of Contents  

     Government systems segment         Revenues        
    Our government systems segment revenues increased by $30.6 million due to a $21.5 million increase
in product revenues and a $9.1 million increase in service revenues. The product revenue increase was primarily due to a $14.2 million increase in cybersecurity and information assurance products and an $8.1 million increase in tactical data link
products. Of the service revenues increase, $6.9 million related to our network management services for Wi-Fi and other internet access networks and $2.0 million related to government satellite communication systems services.   
   Segment operating profit        
    The $11.4 million increase in our government systems segment operating profit reflected higher
earnings contributions of $14.3 million primarily due to higher revenues and improved margins in our cybersecurity and information assurance products and tactical data link products. This operating profit increase was partially offset by higher
overall SG A costs of $5.5 million.       Backlog       As reflected in the table below, our overall firm and funded backlog increased during the first six months of fiscal year 2017. The increases in firm and funded backlog were attributable to increases in
our government systems segment.       
    The firm backlog does not include contract options. Of the $1,091.4 million in firm backlog, $341.7
million is expected to be delivered during the remaining six months of fiscal year 2017, and the balance is expected to be delivered in fiscal year 2018 and thereafter. We include in our backlog only those orders for which we have accepted purchase
orders. Backlog does not include contracts with our Exede broadband internet subscribers in our satellite services segment, nor does it include anticipated equipment purchase orders or future recurring Wi-Fi service revenues under commercial
in-flight Wi-Fi agreements recorded in our commercial networks and satellite services segments, respectively.      Our total new
awards were approximately $586.1 million and $922.4 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, compared to $386.2 million and $691.7 million for the three and six months ended September 30, 2015,
respectively.   
         40   

Table of Contents  

   Backlog is not necessarily indicative of future sales. A majority of our contracts can be
terminated at the convenience of the customer. Orders are often made substantially in advance of delivery, and our contracts typically provide that orders may be terminated with limited or no penalties. In addition, purchase orders may present
product specifications that would require us to complete additional product development. A failure to develop products meeting such specifications could lead to a termination of the related contract.   
  Firm backlog amounts are comprised of funded and unfunded components. Funded backlog represents the sum of contract amounts for which
funds have been specifically obligated by customers to contracts. Unfunded backlog represents future amounts that customers may obligate over the specified contract performance periods. Our customers allocate funds for expenditures on long-term
contracts on a periodic basis. Our ability to realize revenues from contracts in backlog is dependent upon adequate funding for such contracts. Although we do not control the funding of our contracts, our experience indicates that actual contract
funding has ultimately been approximately equal to the aggregate amounts of the contracts.       Liquidity and Capital Resources    
    Overview        We have
financed our operations to date primarily with cash flows from operations, bank line of credit financing, debt financing, export credit agency financing and equity financing. At September 30, 2016, we had $51.3 million in cash and cash
equivalents, $244.5 million in working capital, $225.0 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility) and $264.4 million in principal amount of outstanding
borrowings under our direct loan facility with the Export-Import Bank of the United States for ViaSat-2 (the Ex-Im Credit Facility and, together with the Revolving Credit Facility, the Credit Facilities), and we had accrued a further $28.4 million
in completion exposure fees expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility. At March 31, 2016, we had $42.1 million in cash and cash equivalents, $241.6 million in working capital, $180.0 million in principal amount of outstanding
borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility and $197.2 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our Ex-Im Credit Facility, and we had accrued a further $21.0 million in completion exposure fees expected to be financed
under the Ex-Im Credit Facility. We invest our cash in excess of current operating requirements in short-term, interest-bearing, investment-grade securities.      Our future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including the timing and amount of cash required for our satellite projects and any future broadband satellite projects we may engage in, our
proposed Eutelsat strategic partnering arrangements, expansion of our research and development and marketing efforts, and the nature and timing of orders. Additionally, we will continue to evaluate possible acquisitions of, or investments in
complementary businesses, products and technologies which may require the use of cash or additional financing.      The general
cash needs of our satellite services, commercial networks and government systems segments can vary significantly. The cash needs of our satellite services segment tend to be driven by the timing and amount of capital expenditures (e.g., payments
under satellite construction and launch contracts), investments in joint ventures and strategic partnering arrangements (such as our Eutelsat strategic partnering arrangements) and network expansion activities, as well as the quality of customer,
type of contract and payment terms. For example, at the closing of the transactions under the Framework Agreement (which is expected to occur in fiscal year 2017), we are required to purchase 49% of the issued shares of Eutelsat s subsidiary
for  132.5 million. In our commercial networks segment, cash needs tend to be driven primarily by the type and mix of contracts in backlog, the nature and quality of customers, the timing and amount of investments in IR D activities
(including with respect to next-generation satellite payload technologies) and the payment terms of customers (including whether advance payments are made or customer financing is required). In our government systems segment, the primary factors
determining cash needs tend to be the type and mix of contracts in backlog (e.g., product or service, development or production) and timing of payments (including restrictions on the timing of cash payments under U.S. government procurement
regulations). Other factors affecting the cash needs of our commercial networks and government systems segments include contract duration and program performance. For example, if a program is performing well and meeting its contractual requirements,
then its cash flow requirements are usually lower.      To further enhance our liquidity position or to finance the construction
and launch of any future satellites, acquisitions, strategic partnering arrangements (such as the arrangements contemplated by the Framework Agreement with Eutelsat), joint ventures or other business investment initiatives, we may obtain additional
financing, which could consist of debt, convertible debt or equity financing from public and/or private credit and capital markets. In February 2016, we filed a universal shelf registration statement with the SEC for the future sale of an unlimited
amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants and rights. The securities may be offered from time to time, separately or together, directly by us, by selling security holders, or through underwriters, dealers
or agents at amounts, prices, interest rates and other terms to be determined at the time of the offering. We believe that our current cash balances and net cash expected to be provided by operating activities along with availability under our
Credit Facilities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating requirements for at least the next twelve months.   
         41   

Table of Contents  

     Cash flows        Cash provided by operating activities for the first six months of fiscal year 2017 was $191.6 million compared to $107.5 million in the prior year period. This $84.1 million increase was primarily driven
by a $71.4 million year-over-year decrease in cash used to fund net operating assets needs, coupled with our operating results (net income adjusted for depreciation, amortization and other non-cash charges) which generated $12.7 million of higher
cash inflows year-over-year. The decrease in cash used to fund net operating assets during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 when compared to the prior year period was primarily due to lower combined billed and unbilled accounts receivable,
net, attributable to the timing of contractual milestones for certain larger development programs primarily in our commercial networks segment, as well as an increase in our collections in excess of revenues and deferred revenues included in accrued
liabilities due to the timing of milestone billings for certain larger development projects in our commercial networks and government systems segments.      Cash used in investing activities for the first six months of fiscal year 2017 was $299.1 million compared to $173.6 million in the prior year period. The increase in cash used in investing activities
year-over-year reflects increases of $74.0 million in cash used for satellite construction, $39.1 million in capital expenditures used for property and other general purpose equipment, $9.4 million for the construction of earth stations and network
operation systems related to ViaSat-2 and $6.0 million in cash used for capital software development.      Cash provided by
financing activities for the first six months of fiscal year 2017 was $116.9 million compared to $60.2 million for the prior year period. This $56.6 million increase in cash provided by financing activities year-over-year was primarily related to
$45.0 million in net proceeds from borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 compared to $45.0 million in net payments on borrowings in the prior year period. This increase was partially offset by
a $29.6 million decrease in net proceeds from borrowings under our Ex-Im Credit Facility during the first six months of fiscal year 2017 compared to the prior year period. Cash provided by financing activities for both periods included cash received
from stock option exercises and employee stock purchase plan purchases, and cash used for the repurchase of common stock related to net share settlement of certain employee tax liabilities in connection with the vesting of restricted stock unit
awards.        Satellite-related activities        In May 2013, we entered into an agreement to purchase ViaSat-2, our second high-capacity Ka-band satellite, from The Boeing Company (Boeing) at a price of approximately $358.0 million, plus an
additional amount for launch support services to be performed by Boeing. The projected total cost of the ViaSat-2 project, including the satellite, launch, insurance and related earth station infrastructure, through satellite launch is estimated to
be between $580.0 million and $620.0 million, and will depend on the timing of the earth station infrastructure roll-out. Our total required cash funding may be reduced through various third-party agreements, including potential joint service
offerings and other strategic partnering arrangements. We believe we have adequate sources of funding for the ViaSat-2 project, which include our cash on hand, available borrowing capacity under our Credit Facilities and the cash we expect to
generate from operations over the next few years.      In July 2016, we entered into two separate agreements with Boeing for the
construction and purchase of two ViaSat-3 class satellites (our third-generation high-capacity Ka-band satellite design) and the integration of ViaSat s payload technologies into the satellites at a price of approximately $368.3 million in the
aggregate (subject to purchase price adjustments based on factors such as launch delay and early delivery), plus an additional amount for launch support services to be performed by Boeing. In addition, under one of these agreements, we have the
option to order up to two additional ViaSat-3 class satellites. These agreements supersede the prior limited authorization to proceed, which was entered into during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. The first ViaSat-3 class satellite is
expected to provide broadband services over the Americas, and the second is expected to provide broadband services over Europe, Middle East and Africa. The projected aggregate total project cost for the two ViaSat-3 class satellites, including the
satellites, launches, insurance and related earth station infrastructure, through satellite launch is estimated to total approximately $1.3 billion, and will depend on the timing of the earth station infrastructure roll-out of each satellite.
This projected total project cost represents a project cost per ViaSat-3 class satellite that is similar to the ViaSat-2 projected total project cost. Our total cash funding may be reduced through various third-party agreements, including potential
joint service offerings and other strategic partnering arrangements. We believe we have adequate sources of funding for the ViaSat-3 class satellites, which include our cash on hand, available borrowing capacity and the cash we expect to generate
from operations over the next few years. In addition, our IR D investments in our ViaSat-3 class satellites and related ground infrastructure are expected to continue to negatively impact our financial results in our commercial networks segment.
     We believe the launch and roll-out of our ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class satellites and related ground infrastructure will
impact our financial results in our satellite services segment in future periods, although we expect the relative impact to be less than we experienced in relation to the launch and roll-out of our ViaSat-1 satellite and related ground
infrastructure. During the period from      late fiscal year 2012 until early fiscal year 2015, we incurred higher operating costs in connection
with the launch and roll-out of our ViaSat-1 satellite, related ground infrastructure and Exede broadband services, as well as higher interest expense as we capitalized a lower amount of the interest expense on our outstanding debt. These higher
operating costs included costs associated with depreciation, earth station connectivity, subscriber acquisition costs, logistics, customer care and various support systems. These operating costs negatively impacted income from operations during that
period.   
         42   

Table of Contents  

     Revolving Credit Facility     
  As of September 30, 2016, the Revolving Credit Facility provided an $800.0 million revolving line of credit (including up to
$150.0 million of letters of credit) with a maturity date of May 24, 2021 (or March 16, 2020, if more than $200.0 million of our 2020 Notes are then outstanding and certain conditions are met).   
  Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest, at our option, at either (1) the highest of the Federal Funds rate
plus 0.50%, the Eurodollar rate plus 1.00%, or the administrative agent s prime rate as announced from time to time, or (2) the Eurodollar rate, plus, in the case of each of (1) and (2), an applicable margin that is based on our total
leverage ratio. At September 30, 2016, the weighted average effective interest rate on our outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was 2.78%. The Revolving Credit Facility is required to be guaranteed by certain significant
domestic subsidiaries of ViaSat (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) and secured by substantially all of our assets. As of September 30, 2016, none of our subsidiaries guaranteed the Revolving Credit Facility.   
  The Revolving Credit Facility contains financial covenants regarding a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage
ratio. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, make capital expenditures, grant liens, pay dividends and make certain other
restricted payments.      At September 30, 2016, we had $225.0 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under the
Revolving Credit Facility and $42.9 million outstanding under standby letters of credit, leaving borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility as of September 30, 2016 of $532.1 million.   
    Ex-Im Credit Facility        As of September 30, 2016, the Ex-Im Credit Facility provided a $386.7 million senior secured direct loan facility, $343.1 million of which can be used to finance up to 85% of the costs of construction,
launch and insurance of the ViaSat-2 satellite and related goods and services (including costs incurred on or after September 18, 2012), with the remainder used to finance the total exposure fees incurred under the Ex-Im Credit Facility of up
to $43.6 million (depending on the total amount of financing borrowed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility).      Borrowings under the
Ex-Im Credit Facility bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.38% and are required to be repaid in 16 approximately equal semi-annual installments, commencing approximately six months after the in-orbit acceptance date of the  ViaSat-2  satellite (or, if earlier, on April 15, 2018), with a maturity date of October 15, 2025. Exposure fees of $6.0 million were incurred in connection with our initial borrowing under the Ex-Im Credit
Facility, with the remaining exposure fees payable by the in-orbit acceptance date for ViaSat-2. Exposure fees under the Ex-Im Credit Facility are amortized using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate on our outstanding
borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility, which takes into account estimated timing and amount of borrowings, exposure fees, debt issuance costs and other fees, was estimated to be between 4.5% and 4.6% as of September 30, 2016. The Ex-Im
Credit Facility is guaranteed by ViaSat and is secured by first-priority liens on the ViaSat-2 satellite and related assets as well as a pledge of the capital stock of the borrower under the facility.   
  The Ex-Im Credit Facility contains financial covenants regarding ViaSat s maximum total leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage
ratio. In addition, the Ex-Im Credit Facility contains covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, make capital expenditures, grant liens, pay dividends and make certain other
restricted payments, which on October 11, 2016 were amended to bring them into closer alignment with the covenants under our amended Revolving Credit Facility.      At September 30, 2016, we had $264.4 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility and had accrued $28.4 million in completion exposure fees expected to be financed
under the Ex-Im Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, the undrawn commitment under the Ex-Im Credit Facility was $93.9 million (excluding $28.4 million of accrued completion exposure fees), of which $84.6 million was available to
finance ViaSat-2 related costs once incurred. The Ex-Im Credit Facility, however, provides that the maximum amount that may be borrowed to finance payments under the ViaSat-2 satellite construction contract prior to the date that the satellite is
shipped to the launch site may not exceed $266.2 million, which initial pre-shipping borrowing level is anticipated to be reached during November 2016. Borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility were issued with a discount of $35.5 million
(comprising the initial $6.0 million exposure fee, the completion exposure fees accrued as of September 30, 2016 and other customary fees). The borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility are recorded as long-term debt, net of unamortized discount
and debt issuance costs, in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The discount and deferred financing cost associated with the issuance of the borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility are amortized to interest expense on an effective
interest rate basis over the term of the borrowings under the Ex-Im Credit Facility.   
         43   

Table of Contents  

     Senior Notes due 2020        In February 2012, we issued $275.0 million in principal amount of 2020 Notes in a private placement to institutional buyers, which were exchanged in August 2012 for substantially identical 2020 Notes
that had been registered with the SEC. These initial 2020 Notes were issued at face value and are recorded as long-term debt in our condensed consolidated financial statements. In October 2012, we issued an additional $300.0 million in
principal amount of 2020 Notes in a private placement to institutional buyers at an issue price of 103.50% of the principal amount, which were exchanged in January 2013 for substantially identical 2020 Notes that had been registered with the SEC.
The 2020 Notes are all treated as a single class. The 2020 Notes bear interest at the rate of 6.875% per year, payable semi-annually in cash in arrears, which interest payments commenced in June 2012. Debt issuance costs associated with the
issuance of the 2020 Notes are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the 2020 Notes, the results of which are not materially different from the effective interest rate basis. The $10.5 million premium we received in
connection with the issuance of the additional 2020 Notes is recorded as long-term debt in our condensed consolidated financial statements and is being amortized as a reduction to interest expense on an effective interest rate basis over the term of
those 2020 Notes.      The 2020 Notes are required to be guaranteed on an unsecured senior basis by each of our existing and
future subsidiaries that guarantees the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2016, none of our subsidiaries guaranteed the 2020 Notes. The 2020 Notes are our general senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with
all of our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated debt. The 2020 Notes are effectively junior in right of payment to our existing and future secured debt, including under the Credit Facilities (to the extent of the value of the assets securing
such debt), are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 2020 Notes, and are senior in right of payment to all of our existing and future subordinated
indebtedness.      The indenture governing the 2020 Notes limits, among other things, our and our restricted subsidiaries 
ability to: incur, assume or guarantee additional debt; issue redeemable stock and preferred stock; pay dividends, make distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock; prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; make loans and investments;
grant or incur liens; restrict dividends, loans or asset transfers from restricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; reduce our satellite insurance; and consolidate or merge with, or sell
substantially all of their assets to, another person.      The 2020 Notes may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at any time during
the twelve months beginning on June 15, 2016 at a redemption price of 103.438%, during the twelve months beginning on June 15, 2017 at a redemption price of 101.719%, and at any time on or after June 15, 2018 at a redemption price of
100%, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to the redemption date.      In the event a change of control
occurs (as defined in the indenture), each holder will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any part of such holder s 2020 Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes
repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant interest payment date).   
   Contractual Obligations    
  The following table sets forth a summary of our obligations at September 30, 2016:   

(1)  
  To the extent that the interest rate is variable and ultimate amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility may fluctuate, amounts reflected represent estimated
interest payments on our current outstanding balances based on the weighted average effective interest rate at September 30, 2016 until the maturity date in May 2021 (or March 2020, if more than $200.0 million of our 2020 Notes are then
outstanding and certain conditions are met), which for the purpose of the contractual obligation table is assumed to be the earlier date, March 2020.     
         44   

Table of Contents  

(2)  
  To the extent that the ultimate amounts borrowed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility may fluctuate, amounts reflected represent estimated interest and principal payments on
our current outstanding balance until the maturity date in October 2025. The amounts listed in the table above exclude the completion exposure fee that will be payable under the Ex-Im Credit Agreement by the in-orbit acceptance date for ViaSat-2,
the amount of which will be based on the total amount of financing borrowed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility; see  Liquidity and Capital Resources   Ex-Im Credit Facility.  As of September 30, 2016, we had accrued $28.4 million in
completion exposure fees expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility.       We purchase components from a
variety of suppliers and use several subcontractors and contract manufacturers to provide design and manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, we enter into agreements with subcontractors, contract manufacturers
and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. We also enter into agreements and purchase commitments with suppliers for the construction,
launch, and operation of our satellites. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. Consequently, only a portion of our
reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, non-cancelable and unconditional commitments.      Our
condensed consolidated balance sheets included $38.6 million and $37.4 million of  other liabilities  as of September 30, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively, which primarily consisted of the long-term portion of our satellite
performance incentives obligation, our long-term warranty obligations, the long-term portion of deferred rent and long-term portion of deferred revenue. With the exception of the long-term portion of our satellite performance incentives obligation,
these remaining liabilities have been excluded from the above table as the timing and/or the amount of any cash payment is uncertain. See Note 9 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our income taxes
and related tax positions and Note 7 to our condensed consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our product warranties.   
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements       We had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at September 30, 2016 as defined in Regulation S-K Item 303(a)(4) other than as discussed under Contractual Obligations above or disclosed in the
notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this report or in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2016.   
   Recent Authoritative Guidance       For information regarding recently adopted and issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.         Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk         Interest rate risk        Our financial instruments consist of cash and
cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, short-term and long-term obligations, including the Credit Facilities and the 2020 Notes, and foreign currency forward contracts. We consider investments in highly liquid instruments purchased
with a remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. As of September 30, 2016, we had $225.0 million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, $264.4 million in
principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our Ex-Im Credit Facility, as well as $28.4 million in accrued completion exposure fees expected to be financed under the Ex-Im Credit Facility, and $575.0 million in aggregate principal amount
outstanding of the 2020 Notes, and we held no short-term investments. Our 2020 Notes and borrowings under our Ex-Im Credit Facility bear interest at a fixed rate and therefore our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates
primarily to borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, cash equivalents, short-term investments and short-term obligations.   
         45   

Table of Contents  

   The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the
same time maximizing the income we receive from our investments without significantly increasing risk. To minimize this risk, we maintain a significant portion of our cash balance in money market funds. In general, money market funds are not subject
to interest rate risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Our cash and cash equivalents earn interest at variable rates. Our interest income has been and may continue to be negatively impacted by low
market interest rates. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. If the underlying weighted
average interest rate on our cash and cash equivalents, assuming balances remain constant over a year, changed by 50 basis points, interest income would have increased or decreased by less than $0.1 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015. Because our investment policy restricts us to invest in conservative, interest-bearing investments and because our business strategy does not rely on generating material returns from our investment portfolio, we do
not expect our market risk exposure on our investment portfolio to be material.      As of September 30, 2016, we had $225.0
million in principal amount of outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. Our primary interest rate under the Revolving Credit Facility is the Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin that is based on our total leverage ratio. At
September 30, 2016, the weighted average effective interest rate on our outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility was 2.78%. Assuming the outstanding balance remained constant over a year, a 50 basis point increase in the interest
rate would increase interest incurred, prior to effects of capitalized interest, by $1.1 million over a twelve-month period.   
    Foreign exchange risk        We generally conduct our business in U.S. dollars. However, as our international business is conducted in a variety of foreign currencies, we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates. Our objective in managing our exposure to foreign currency risk is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Accordingly, from time to time, we may enter into foreign currency forward
contracts to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency denominated assets, liabilities, commitments and anticipated foreign currency transactions.      As of September 30, 2016, we had a number of foreign currency forward contracts outstanding which are intended to reduce the foreign currency risk for amounts payable to vendors in Euros. The foreign
currency forward contracts with a notional amount of $3.8 million had an insignificant amount of fair value recorded in other current assets as of September 30, 2016. If the foreign currency forward rate for the Euro to the U.S. dollar on these
foreign currency forward contracts had changed by 10%, the fair value of these foreign currency forward contracts as of September 30, 2016 would have changed by approximately $0.4 million.   
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures       We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objective that information in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified and pursuant to the requirements of the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.   
  As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016, the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2016.      During the period covered by this report, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.   
         46   

Table of Contents  

      PART II OTHER INFORMATION    
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings       From time to time, we are involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including government investigations and claims, and other
claims and proceedings with respect to intellectual property, breach of contract, labor and employment, tax and other matters. Such matters could result in fines; penalties, compensatory, treble or other damages; or non-monetary relief. A violation
of government contract laws and regulations could also result in the termination of our government contracts or debarment from bidding on future government contracts. Although claims, suits, investigations and proceedings are inherently
uncertain and their results cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the resolution of our current pending matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. In addition, it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of one or more such proceedings could in
the future materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity in a particular period. For further information on the risks we face from existing and future claims, suits, investigations and
proceedings, see  Risk Factors  in Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016.         Item 1A. Risk Factors       In addition to the
other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A,  Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2016, which factors could
materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or future results. The risks described in our reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or
that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or future results.   
     Item 6. Exhibits       The Exhibit Index on page 49 is incorporated herein by reference as the list of exhibits required as part of this report.   
         47   

Table of Contents  

      SIGNATURES    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.       

VIASAT, INC.   

November 8, 2016  
     
    /s/ M ARK  D ANKBERG     

Mark Dankberg   

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer     (Principal Executive Officer)    

/s/ S HAWN  D UFFY     

Shawn Duffy   

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer)   
 
         48   

Table of Contents  

    EXHIBIT INDEX    

Exhibit       Number    

Incorporated by Reference   

Filed     Herewith   

Exhibit Description    
      
   Form   

File No.   

Exhibit   

Filing Date   

10.1*  
      
  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of ViaSat, Inc. - Global  

X  

10.2  
      
  Third Amendment Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2016, by and among ViaSat Technologies Limited, ViaSat, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (as Ex-Im Facility Agent)
and the Export-Import Bank of the United States  

8-K  

000-21767  

10.1  

10/12/2016  

31.1  
      
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

31.2  
      
  Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

32.1  
      
  Certifications Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  

X  

101.INS  
      
  XBRL Instance Document  

X  

101.SCH  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  

X  

101.CAL  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase  

X  

101.DEF  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase  

X  

101.LAB  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase  

X  

101.PRE  
      
  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase  

X  

*  
  Indicates management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement.     
         49   

<EX-10.1>
 2
 d204982dex101.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1       
  VIASAT, INC.      1996
EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN      RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   
  (GLOBAL VERSION)       

Grant:                 Restricted Stock Units
( RSUs )  
    
  Name:  

Grant Date:   

ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE OF RSU AWARD:      
 By clicking on the   ACCEPT   box on the   Grant Acceptance: View/Accept Grant   Page, you agree to be bound by
the terms and conditions of this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including any applicable country-specific terms in the appendix hereto, (together, the  Agreement ) and the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of ViaSat, Inc. (as amended
from time to time, the  Plan ). You acknowledge that you have reviewed and fully understand all of the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, and have had the opportunity to obtain advice of counsel prior to accepting the grant of
RSUs pursuant to this Agreement. You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board (the  Committee ) upon any questions relating
to this Agreement and the Plan.      

TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RSU AWARD:   
 1.            Grant .  Effective on the Grant Date, you have been
granted the number of shares indicated above of RSUs providing you the right to receive Common Stock of ViaSat, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), as the RSU vests, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the
provisions of the Plan.   2.            Forfeiture Upon
Termination .  Until vested, the RSU shall be subject to forfeiture in the event of the termination of your employment or service (as applicable) with the Company and all of its Subsidiaries for any reason, whether such termination is
occasioned by you, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, with or without cause or by mutual agreement ( Termination of Employment ). Termination of Employment means the Company has determined that you have stopped providing
services to the Company Group (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any) and will not be extended
by any notice period ( e.g. , active services would not include any contractual notice period or any period of  garden leave  or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the
terms of your employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively providing services for purposes of your RSU grant (including whether you may still be considered to
be providing services while on an approved leave of absence).  
 3.            Transferability .  Until vested, the RSU or any right or
interest therein is not transferable except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Until Common Stock is issued upon settlement of the RSU, you will not be deemed for any purpose to be, or have rights as, a Company shareholder by
virtue of this award. You are not entitled to vote any shares of Common Stock by virtue of this award. 
 4.            Vesting .  The RSU will vest and no longer be subject to
the restrictions of and forfeiture under this Agreement in one-fourth (1/4 th  or 25%) increments on each anniversary of the Grant Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the RSU shall be fully
vested upon your Termination of Employment by reason of death or permanent disability.  Permanent disability  means that you are unable to perform your duties by reason of any medically determined physical or mental impairment which
can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or is expected to last for a continuous period of at least 12 months, as reasonably determined by the Committee, in its discretion. 
 5.            Payment After Vesting .   Within ten days following
the vesting of the RSU, you will be issued shares of Common Stock equal to the number of vested shares, in settlement of the RSU (subject to the withholding requirements described in Section 6 below, as applicable). 
 6.            Withholding; Indemnity . 
 (a)        You understand that you (and not the Company) shall be responsible for any
Tax Liability (as defined below) arising as a result of this Agreement or the transactions relating to the RSU. You agree to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company, any Subsidiary and your employing company (the  Employer ), if
different (collectively, the  Company Group ), from and against any such Tax Liability.  
 (b)        The Company has the authority to deduct or withhold, or require you to
remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy any Tax Liability. At any time not less than five business days before any such Tax Liability arises, you may satisfy your Tax Liability, in whole or in part, by either: (i) electing to
have the Company withhold from your salary or other cash compensation payable to you or shares otherwise to be delivered upon settlement of the RSU with a Fair Market Value equal to the  
    
 2          

minimum amount of the tax withholding obligation, or (ii) paying the amount of the Tax Liability directly to the Company in cash.  Unless you choose to satisfy your Tax Liability in
accordance with subsection (ii) above, your Tax Liability will be automatically satisfied in accordance with subsection (i) above.     The Committee or the Board will have the right to disapprove an election to pay your Tax Liability
under subsection (ii) in its sole discretion.     In the event your Tax Liability will be satisfied under subsection (i) above, then the Company, upon approval of the Committee or the Board, may elect (in lieu of withholding shares)
to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on your behalf (pursuant to this authorization) a whole number of shares from those shares of Common Stock issuable to you upon settlement of the RSU as the
Company determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy your Tax Liability.     Your acceptance of this RSU constitutes your instruction and authorization to the Company and such brokerage firm to complete
the transactions described in the previous sentence, as applicable.    Such shares will be sold on the day the Tax Liability arises or as soon thereafter as practicable. The shares may be sold as part of a block trade with other
participants of the Plan in which all participants receive an average price. You will be responsible for all broker s fees and other costs of sale, and you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any losses, costs, damages,
or expenses relating to any such sale. To the extent the proceeds of such sale exceed your Tax Liability, the Company agrees to pay such excess in cash to you as soon as practicable. You acknowledge that the Company or its designee is under no
obligation to arrange for such sale at any particular price, and that the proceeds of any such sale may not be sufficient to satisfy your tax withholding obligation. The Company may refuse to issue any Common Stock in settlement of your RSU to you
until your Tax Liability is satisfied. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company has the right to retain without notice from shares issuable under the RSU or from salary payable to you, shares or cash having a value sufficient to
satisfy your tax withholding obligation.    (c)        For purposes of this
Agreement, your  Tax Liability  shall mean (i) all federal, state, local and foreign withholding or other taxes applicable to your taxable income, plus (ii) if permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside, any liability
of the Company Group for income tax, withholding tax and any social security contributions, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account obligation or other employment related taxes in any jurisdiction, in each case   that may arise as a
result of (w) the grant, vesting or settlement of the RSU, (x) the issuance to you of shares of Common Stock on the vesting or settlement of the RSU, (y) the disposition of any shares of Common Stock that were the subject of the RSU, or (z) any
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. To avoid negative accounting treatment, the Company may withhold for the Tax Liability by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates. 
 7.            Nature of Grant .  In accepting the grant, you
acknowledge, understand and agree that:    (a)        this agreement, the RSU grant
and your participation in the Plan shall not create a right to employment, shall not be interpreted as forming an employment or service contract with the Company Group, and shall not interfere with the ability of the Company Group to terminate your
employment or service relationship (if any);    (b)        you have no right or
entitlement to be granted an award of RSU or shares of Common Stock; the grant of the RSU is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of RSUs, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have
been granted in the past;    (c)        the RSU and the shares of Common Stock
subject to the RSU are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;  
    
 3          

(d)        all decisions with respect to
future RSUs or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;  
 (e)        the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in
nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;  
 (f)        you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;  
 (g)        the RSU and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU, and the income
and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare
benefits or similar payments;    (h)        the future value of the underlying
shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty;  
 (i)        unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the RSU and any shares of Common
Stock acquired under the Plan, and the income and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any service you may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company;  
 (j)        unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion,
the RSU and the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSU or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any
corporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock; and    (l)        the
following provisions apply only if you are providing services outside the United States:  
 (A)        the RSU and the shares of Common Stock subject to the RSU, and the income
and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose; and  
 (B)        the Company Group shall not be liable for any foreign exchange rate
fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the RSU or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the RSU or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon
settlement;    (C)        no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall
arise from forfeiture of the RSU resulting from your Termination of Employment, and in consideration of the grant of the RSU to which you are otherwise not entitled, you irrevocably agree never to institute any claim against the Company Group,
waive your ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and release the Company Group from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall
be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim.  
 8.         Plan Governs .  This RSU award is granted under and governed by the terms
and conditions of the Plan. By execution of this Agreement, you consent to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Defined terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan, unless otherwise defined herein.  
    
 4          

9.            Section
409A .   To the extent applicable, this Agreement and the RSUs shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. This RSU
award is not intended to constitute  nonqualified deferred compensation  within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder.   For purposes
of Section 409A of the Code (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), each payment that you may be eligible to receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate and distinct payment.
 
     10.                      
   Data Protection .         (a)        You hereby
explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other RSU grant materials by the Company Group for the exclusive purpose of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan.    
   (b)        You understand that the Company Group may hold certain personal
information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of Common Stock or directorships
held in the Company, details of all RSUs or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor ( Data ), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and
managing the Plan.        (c)        You understand that Data will be
transferred to E*TRADE Securities LLC, or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that
the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients  country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may
request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize the Company Group, E*TRADE Securities LLC and any other possible recipients which may
assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and
managing your participation in the Plan. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States,
you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data, or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your
local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your employment status or service and
career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that the Company would not be able to grant you RSUs or other equity awards, or administer or maintain such awards.
Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may
contact your local human resources representative. This Section applies to information held, used or disclosed in any medium.    
 11.            Governing Law and Venue . 
    
 5          

(a)        The RSU grant and the
provisions of this Agreement are governed by, and subject to, the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflict of law provisions, as provided in the Plan. 
 (b)        For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce
this Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of San Diego County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Southern District
of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.  
 12.          Language .    If you have received this Agreement or any
other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control.  
 13.          Electronic Delivery and Acceptance .   The Company may, in its
sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an
on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.  
 14.          Severability .   The provisions of this Agreement are severable,
and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.  
 15.          Appendix .   Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement,
the RSU grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix to this Agreement for your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for
such country will apply to you, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.  
 16.          Imposition of Other Requirements .   The Company reserves the
right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on the RSU and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to
require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.  
 17.          Waiver .    You acknowledge that a waiver by the Company of
breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any other Grantee.  
 18.          Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws .    You
acknowledge that, depending on your country of residence, you may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws, which may affect your ability to acquire or sell shares of Common Stock or rights to shares of Common Stock under
the Plan during such times when you are considered to have  inside information  regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in your country). Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any
restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. You further acknowledge that it is your responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and you are advised to speak to your personal advisor on
this matter.    19.          Foreign Asset / Account Reporting
Requirements .  You acknowledge that your country may have certain foreign asset and/or account reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect your  
    
 6          

ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of
shares of Common Stock) in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You understand that you may be required to report such accounts, assets or related transactions to the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be
required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of your participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. In addition, you may be subject to tax
payment and/or reporting obligations in connection with any income realized under the Plan and/or from the sale of shares of Common Stock. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be compliant with all such requirements, and you are
advised to speak to your personal advisor on this matter.  
    
 7          

VIASAT, INC.   
  1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN   
  APPENDIX TO THE   
  RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT   
  (GLOBAL VERSION)      FOR
GRANTEES OUTSIDE THE U.S.       Terms and Conditions    
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the RSUs granted to you under the Plan if you reside in one of the
countries listed below. Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Agreement.  
   Notifications      This Appendix also
includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the
respective countries as of May 2016. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the
consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that you vest in the RSUs.    In
addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure you of any particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate
professional advice as to how the relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation.   Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of
a country other than the one in which you are currently working, transfer employment to another country after the Grant Date, or are considered a resident of another country for tax or exchange control purposes, the information contained herein may
not be applicable to you.      A USTRALIA     
   Notifications       Australian
Offer Document .   This offer of RSUs under the Plan is intended to comply with the provisions of the Corporations Act 2001, ASIC Regulatory Guide 49 and ASIC Class Order CO 14/1000. Additional details are set forth in the
Offer Document for the offer of RSUs to Australian-resident employees, which will be provided to you with the Agreement.     Exchange
Control Information .   Exchange control reporting is required for cash transactions exceeding A$10,000 and international fund transfers. The Australian bank assisting with the transaction will file the report. If there
is no Australian bank involved in the transfer, you will be required to file the report.      G ERMANY     
   Notifications    
    
 8          

Exchange Control Notification .  Cross-border payments in connection with the
sale of securities in excess of  12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. You are responsible for satisfying the reporting obligation and must file the report electronically by the fifth day of the month following the
month in which the payment is made. A copy of the form can be accessed via the German Federal Bank s website at www.bundesbank.de and is available in both German and English. No report is required for payments less than  12,500.
     I NDIA         Notifications
      Exchange Control Information .   Indian residents must repatriate to India any proceeds from the sale of
shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan within 90 days of receipt and any cash dividends paid upon such shares of Common Stock within 180 days of receipt. If you repatriate funds pursuant to these requirements, the bank where the foreign
currency is deposited will provide you with a foreign inward remittance certificate ( FIRC ). You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof
of repatriation.     Foreign Asset /Account Reporting .  Indian residents are required to declare any foreign bank accounts
and assets (including shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan) on their annual tax returns. You should consult with your personal tax advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations.  
   I RELAND         Terms and
Conditions       Nature of Grant .  This section supplements Section 7(l)(C) of the Agreement:  
 By accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge, understand, and agree that the benefits received under the Plan will not be taken into account for any
redundancy or unfair dismissal claim.      Notifications    
  Director Notification Obligation .   Directors, shadow directors and secretaries of the Company s Irish Subsidiary
or affiliate corporation whose interest in the Company represents more than 1% of the Company s voting share capital are subject to certain notification requirements under the Irish Companies Act. Directors, shadow directors and
secretaries must notify the Irish Subsidiary or affiliate corporation in writing of their interest in the Company ( e.g ., RSUs, shares of Common Stock, etc.), when he or she becomes aware of the event giving rise to the notification
requirement, or when he or she becomes a director or secretary if such an interest exists at that time. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or children under the age of 18 (whose interests will
be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary).      U NITED  K INGDOM     
   Terms and Conditions      In the
United Kingdom, only Employees are eligible to be granted RSUs pursuant to the following additional terms:  
    
 9          

Responsibility for Taxes .  This section supplements Section 6 of the Agreement:
   You agree that if you do not pay or the Employer or the Company does not withhold from you the full amount of income tax that you owe due
to the vesting of the RSUs, or the release or assignment of the RSUs for consideration, or the receipt of any other benefit in connection with the RSUs (the  Taxable Event ) within 90 days after the end of the tax year in which the Taxable
Event occurs or such other period specified in Section 222(1)(c) of the U.K. Income Tax (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the  Due Date ), then the amount that should have been withheld shall constitute a loan owed by you to the Employer,
effective as of the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then current rate of Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs ( HMRC ) and will be immediately due and repayable by you, and the Company and/or the Employer
may recover it at any time thereafter by withholding the funds from salary, bonus or any other funds due to you by the Employer, by withholding in shares of Common Stock issued upon vesting and settlement of the RSUs or from the cash proceeds from
the sale of shares or by demanding cash or a cheque from the Participant. You also authorize the Company to delay the issuance of any shares of Common Stock to you unless and until the loan is repaid in full.  
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if your are a director or executive officer (as within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the
terms of the immediately foregoing provision will not apply. In the event that you are a director or executive officer and income tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute
a benefit to you on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You acknowledge that the Company or the Employer may recover any such additional income tax and national insurance contributions at any time
thereafter by any of the means referred to in Section 6 of the Agreement. However, you are primarily responsible for reporting and paying any income tax and national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under
the self-assessment regime.    RSUs Payable in Shares .  Notwithstanding any discretion in the Plan or anything to the
contrary in the Agreement, RSUs do not provide any right for you to receive a cash payment; the RSUs are payable in shares of Common Stock only.  
    
 10          

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d204982dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT  
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Mark Dankberg, Chief Executive Officer of ViaSat, Inc., certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ViaSat, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ M ARK  D ANKBERG    

Mark Dankberg  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d204982dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT  
 TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Shawn Duffy, Chief Financial Officer of ViaSat, Inc., certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ViaSat, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and        

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ S HAWN  D UFFY    

Shawn Duffy  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d204982dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
ViaSat, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:    (a) the accompanying quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and    (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.      

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ M ARK  D ANKBERG    

Mark Dankberg  

Chief Executive Officer  
   CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of
ViaSat, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that:    (a) the accompanying quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
and    (b) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
operations of the Company.      

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ S HAWN  D UFFY    

Shawn Duffy  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 vsat-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vsat-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vsat-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vsat-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vsat-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vsat-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

