<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161021_10-Q_edgar_data_1056696_0001564590-16-025971_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5453739</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90160</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>152864</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1438706</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1657942</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1061217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>36</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-025971.hdr.sgml : 20161021
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161021145403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-025971
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161021
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001056696
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				582373424
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23999
		FILM NUMBER:		161946140

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WINDY RIDGE PARKWAY SUITE 700
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7709557070

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2300 WINDY RIDGE PARKWAY SUITE 700
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30339

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-025971.txt : 20161021

10-Q
 1
 manh-10q_20160930.htm
 MANH 10-Q - 09.30.2016

manh-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C.  20549 
   
 FORM 10 Q 
   
 [Mark One] 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 
 Commission File Number:  0-23999 
   
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

Georgia  

58-2373424  

(State or Other Jurisdiction of  
 Incorporation or Organization)  

(I.R.S. Employer  
 Identification No.)  

2300 Windy Ridge Parkway, Tenth Floor  

Atlanta, Georgia  

30339  

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)  

(Zip Code)  

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  (770) 955-7070 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant:  (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes          No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
 
 Smaller reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes          No         
 The number of shares of the Registrant s class of capital stock outstanding as of October 17, 2016, the latest practicable date, is as follows: 71,189,396 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share. 

MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC.   
 FORM 10-Q 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2016 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I  

Financial Information    

Item 1.  
 
   Financial Statements.    

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015    
 
 3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 5  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)    
 
 6  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    
 
 7  

Item 2.  
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.      
 
 14  

Item 3.  
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.      
 
 25  

Item 4.  
 
   Controls and Procedures.      
 
 25  

PART II  

OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  
 
   Legal Proceedings.      
 
 26  

Item 1A.  
 
   Risk Factors.      
 
 26  

Item 2.  
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.      
 
 26  

Item 3.  
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.      
 
 26  

Item 4.  
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures.      
 
 26  

Item 5.  
 
   Other Information.      
 
 26  

Item 6.  
 
   Exhibits.      
 
 27  

Signatures.      
 
 28  

2 
 
      PART I  
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

I  tem 1.   
 
   Financial Statements    

 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3 

Item 1.   
 
      Financial Statements   (continued)     

 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

4 

Item 1.   
 
      Financial Statements   (continued)     

 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

5 

Item 1.   
 
      Financial   Statements     (continued)     

 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

See accompanying Notes  to   Condensed  Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 
 
        N  otes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements  
 (Unaudited) 

1.   
 
 Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation    

 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial information, with the instructions to Form 10-Q and with Rule 10-01 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, these condensed consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position at September 30, 2016, the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. These statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and management s discussion and analysis included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the Company s accounts and the accounts of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Changes in Presentation of Comparative Financial Statements 
 In November 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. The ASU requires that all deferred tax assets and liabilities, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance does not change the existing requirement that only permits offsetting within a tax-paying component of an entity. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, but may be adopted earlier, and may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We adopted this guidance in the first three months ended March 31, 2016 reporting on a retrospective basis. Accordingly, we reclassified current deferred taxes to noncurrent on our December 31, 2015 condensed consolidated balance sheet, which increased noncurrent deferred tax assets $4.6 million and decreased noncurrent deferred tax liabilities $5.7 million. 

2.   
 
 Revenue Recognition    

 The Company s revenue consists of fees from the licensing and hosting of software (collectively included in  Software license  revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income), fees from implementation and training services (collectively,  professional services ) and customer support services and software enhancements (collectively with professional services revenue included in  Services  revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income), and sales of hardware and other revenue, which consists of reimbursements of out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our professional services (collectively included in  Hardware and other  revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income).  All revenue is recognized net of any related sales taxes. 
 The Company recognizes license revenue when the following criteria are met: (1) a signed contract is obtained covering all elements of the arrangement, (2) delivery of the product has occurred, (3) the license fee is fixed or determinable, and (4) collection is probable.  Revenue recognition for software with multiple-element arrangements requires recognition of revenue using the  residual method  when (a) there is vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of the fair values of all undelivered elements in a multiple-element arrangement that is not accounted for using long-term contract accounting, (b) VSOE of fair value does not exist for one or more of the delivered elements in the arrangement, and (c) all other applicable revenue-recognition criteria for software revenue recognition are satisfied. For those contracts that contain significant customization or modifications, license revenue is recognized using contract accounting. 
   The Company allocates revenue to customer support services and software enhancements and any other undelivered elements of the arrangement based on VSOE of fair value of each element, and such amounts are deferred until the applicable delivery criteria and other revenue recognition criteria have been met.  The balance of the revenue, net of any discounts inherent in the arrangement, is recognized at the outset of the arrangement using the residual method as the product licenses are delivered.  If the Company cannot objectively determine the fair value of each undelivered element based on the VSOE of fair value, the Company defers revenue recognition until all elements are delivered, all services have been performed, or until fair value can be objectively determined.  The Company must apply judgment in determining all elements of the arrangement and in determining the VSOE of fair value for each element, considering the price charged for each product on a stand-alone basis or applicable renewal rates.  For arrangements that  
   
 7 
 
  include future software functionality deliverables, the Company accounts for these deliverables as a separate element of the arrangemen  t.  Because the Company does not sell these deliverables on a standalone basis, the Company is not able to establish VSOE of fair value of these deliverables.  As a result, the Company defers all revenue under the arrangement until the future functionality   has been delivered to the customer.  
 Payment terms for the Company s software licenses vary.  Each contract is evaluated individually to determine whether the fees in the contract are fixed or determinable and whether collectability is probable.  Judgment is required in assessing the probability of collection, which is generally based on evaluation of customer-specific information, historical collection experience, and economic market conditions.  If market conditions decline, or if the financial conditions of customers deteriorate, the Company may be unable to determine that collectability is probable, and the Company could be required to defer the recognition of revenue until the Company receives customer payments.  The Company has an established history of collecting under the terms of its software license contracts without providing refunds or concessions to its customers.  Therefore, the Company has determined that the presence of payment terms that extend beyond contract execution in a particular contract do not preclude the conclusion that the fees in the contract are fixed or determinable.  Although infrequent, when payment terms in a contract extend beyond twelve months, the Company has determined that such fees are not fixed or determinable and recognizes revenue as payments become due provided that all other conditions for revenue recognition have been met. 
 The Company s services revenue consists of fees generated from professional services and customer support and software enhancements related to the Company s software products.  Professional services include system planning, design, configuration, testing, and other software implementation support, and are not typically essential to the functionality of the software.  Fees from professional services performed by the Company are separately priced and are generally billed on an hourly basis, and revenue is recognized as the services are performed.  In certain situations, professional services are rendered under agreements in which billings are limited to contractual maximums or based upon a fixed fee for portions of or all of the engagement.  Revenue related to fixed-fee-based contracts is recognized on a proportional performance basis based on the hours incurred on discrete projects within an overall services arrangement.  The Company has determined that output measures, or services delivered, approximate the input measures associated with fixed-fee services arrangements.  Project losses are provided for in their entirety in the period in which they become known.  Revenue related to customer support services and software enhancements is generally paid in advance and recognized ratably over the term of the agreement, typically twelve months. 
 Hardware and other revenue is generated from the resale of a variety of hardware products, developed and manufactured by third parties, that are integrated with and complementary to the Company s software solutions. As part of a complete solution, the Company s customers periodically purchase hardware from the Company for use with the software licenses purchased from the Company. These products include computer hardware, radio frequency terminal networks, radio frequency identification (RFID) chip readers, bar code printers and scanners, and other peripherals. Hardware revenue is recognized upon shipment to the customer when title passes. The Company generally purchases hardware from the Company s vendors only after receiving an order from a customer. As a result, the Company generally does not maintain hardware inventory. 
 In accordance with the other presentation matters within the Revenue Recognition Topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC), the Company recognizes amounts associated with reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses as revenue. Such amounts have been included in  Hardware and other  revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The total amount of expense reimbursement recorded to revenue was $4.8 million and $5.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $13.9 million and $15.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

3.   
 
 Fair Value Measurement    

 The Company measures its investments based on a fair value hierarchy disclosure framework that prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring assets and liabilities at fair value.  Market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of asset or liability and its characteristics.  This hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows: 

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments.     

Level 2 Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets.     

Level 3 Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable.     

8 
 
    Investments with maturities of 90 days or less from the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents; investments with maturities of greater than 90 days from the date of purchase but less than one year are generally   classified as short-term investments; and investments with maturities of one year or greater from the date of purchase are generally classified as long-term investments.  Unrealized holding gains and losses are reflected as a net amount in a separate comp  onent of shareholders  equity until realized.  For the purposes of computing realized gains and losses, cost is determined on a specific identification basis.  
 At September 30, 2016, the Company s cash and cash equivalents balances were $72.9 million and $37.9 million, respectively. The Company currently has neither short-term nor long-term investments. Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid money market funds and certificates of deposit. The Company uses quoted prices from active markets that are classified at Level 1 as a highest level observable input in the disclosure hierarchy framework. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company had $30.3 million in money market funds, which are classified as Level 1 and are included in cash and cash equivalents on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company has no investments classified as Level 2 or Level 3. 

4.   
 
 Equity-Based Compensation    

The Company granted 71,025 and 222,601 restricted stock and restricted stock units (collectively  restricted stock awards ) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 420,256 and 576,882 restricted stock awards during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company recorded equity-based compensation expense related to restricted stock awards of $3.5 million and $5.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $11.7 million and $11.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 
 A summary of changes in unvested shares/units for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

No amounts were recorded for equity-based compensation expense related to stock options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 as all stock options vested prior to 2014.  The Company does not currently grant stock options. 
 A summary of changes in outstanding options for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows: 

5.   
 
 Income Taxes    

The Company s effective tax rate was 37.7% and 37.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 37.3% and 37.4% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  The increase in the effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to the establishment of additional reserves for uncertain tax positions. The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the U.S. research and development credit claimed for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as the credit became permanent in December 2015 and was not claimed during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by the establishment of additional reserves for uncertain tax positions. 
   The Company applies the provisions for income taxes related to, among other things, accounting for uncertain tax positions and disclosure requirements in accordance with the Income Taxes Topic of FASB ASC 740. For the three months ended September 30,  
   
 9 
 
  2016, the Company added   $0.3 million to its reserve for uncertain tax positions. There has been no change to the Company s policy that recognizes potential interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within its global operations in income tax expense.  
   
 The Company currently plans to permanently reinvest all of its remaining undistributed foreign earnings. Accordingly, no provision for U.S. federal and state income taxes has been provided thereon.  Upon repatriation of those earnings, in the form of dividends or otherwise, the Company would be subject to both U.S. income taxes (subject to adjustment for foreign tax credits) and withholding taxes payable to various foreign countries for such distributions.  It is impractical to calculate the tax impact until such repatriation occurs. 
   
 The Company conducts business globally and, as a result, files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions.  In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world.  The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations, substantially all state and local income tax examinations and substantially all non-U.S. income tax examinations for years before 2012. 

6.   
 
 Net Earnings Per Share    

 Basic net earnings per share is computed using net income divided by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding ( Weighted Shares ) for each period presented. Diluted net earnings per share is computed using net income divided by the sum of Weighted Shares and common equivalent shares (CESs) outstanding for each period presented using the treasury stock method. 
 The following is a reconciliation of the net income and share amounts used in the computation of basic and diluted net earnings per common share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands, except per share data): 

The number of anti-dilutive CESs during 2016 and 2015 was immaterial. 

7.   
 
 Contingencies    

 From time to time, the Company may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its ordinary course of business, and occasionally legal proceedings not in the ordinary course. Many of the Company s installations involve products that are critical to the operations of its clients  businesses. Any failure in a Company products could result in a claim for substantial damages against the Company, regardless of the Company s responsibility for such failure. Although the Company attempts to limit contractually its liability for damages arising from product failures or negligent acts or omissions, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability set forth in its contracts will be enforceable in all instances. The Company is not currently a party to any legal proceedings the result of which it believes is likely to have a material adverse impact upon its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The Company expenses legal costs associated with loss contingencies as such legal costs are incurred. 

10 

8.   
 
      Operating Segments     

 The Company manages its business by geographic segment. The Company has three geographic reportable segments: North America and Latin America (the  Americas  Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific (APAC). All segments derive revenue from the sale and implementation of the Company s supply chain commerce solutions.  The individual products sold by the segments are similar in nature and are all designed to help companies manage the effectiveness and efficiency of their supply chain commerce. The Company uses the same accounting policies for each reportable segment. The chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluate performance based on revenue and operating results for each reportable segment. 
 The Americas segment charges royalty fees to the other segments based on software licenses sold by those reportable segments. The royalties, which totaled approximately $0.9 million and $0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and approximately $2.1 million for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, are included in cost of revenue for each segment with a corresponding reduction in America s cost of revenue. The revenues represented below are from external customers only. The geographical-based costs consist of costs of professional services personnel, direct sales and marketing expenses, cost of infrastructure to support the employees and customer base, billing and financial systems, management and general and administrative support.  There are certain corporate expenses included in the Americas segment that are not charged to the other segments, including research and development, certain marketing and general and administrative costs that support the global organization, and the amortization of acquired developed technology. Included in the Americas  costs are all research and development costs including the costs associated with the Company s India operations. 
 The following table presents the revenues, expenses and operating income by reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (in thousands): 

11 
 
    License revenues related to the Company s warehouse and non-warehouse product groups for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as   follows (in thousands):  

The Company s services revenues, which consist of fees generated from professional services and customer support and software enhancements related to its software products, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in thousands): 

9.   
 
 New Accounting Pronouncements    

 Revenue Recognition 
 In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue Recognition   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will replace substantially all current revenue recognition guidance once it becomes effective. The new standard provides accounting guidance for all revenue arising from contracts with customers and affects all entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers unless the contracts are in the scope of other standards. The new standard is less prescriptive and may require software entities to use more judgment and estimates in the revenue recognition process than are required under existing revenue guidance. This guidance is now effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Principal versus Agent Considerations, which clarifies the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations in ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing, which amends the guidance in ASU 2014-09 related to identifying performance obligations and accounting for licenses of intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)   Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients, which clarifies the following aspects in ASU 2014-09: collectability, presentation of sales taxes and other similar taxes collected from customers, noncash considerations, contract modifications at transition, completed contracts at transition, and technical correction. We must adopt ASU 2016-08, ASU 2016-10 and ASU 2016-12 with ASU 2014-09, which is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. 
 The new revenue standard may be applied using either of the following transition methods: (1) a full retrospective approach reflecting the application of the standard in each prior reporting period with the option to elect certain practical expedients, or (2) a modified retrospective approach with the cumulative effect of initially adopting the standard recognized at the date of adoption (which includes additional footnote disclosures). We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 Leases 
 In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases, to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. Under the new guidance, a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for leases with lease terms of more than 12 months. Consistent with current GAAP, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. However, unlike current GAAP which requires only capital leases to be recognized on the balance sheet the new ASU will require both types of leases to be recognized on the balance sheet. The ASU also will require disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements, providing additional information about the amounts recorded in the financial statements. For public companies, this guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those annual periods, but may be adopted earlier. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
   
 12 

Stock Compensation 
 In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation: Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting, to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. Under the new guidance, companies will no longer record excess tax benefits   and certain tax deficiencies   in additional paid-in capital. Instead, all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement, and additional paid-in capital pools will be eliminated. The guidance requires companies to present excess tax benefits as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows rather than as a financing activity. It also will allow an employer to repurchase more of an employee s shares than it can today for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting and to make a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The new guidance will require an employer to classify the cash paid to a tax authority when shares are withheld to satisfy its statutory income tax withholding obligation as a financing activity on its statement of cash flows. Companies will have to elect whether to account for forfeitures of share-based payments by (1) recognizing forfeitures of awards as they occur (e.g., when an award does not vest because the employee leaves the company) or (2) estimating the number of awards expected to be forfeited and adjusting the estimate when it is likely to change, as is currently required. For public companies, this guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods, but may be adopted earlier. We are currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

13 

I  tem 2.   
 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.    

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, including the notes to those statements, included elsewhere in this quarterly report. We also recommend the following discussion be read in conjunction with management s discussion and analysis and consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Statements in the following discussion that are not statements of historical fact are  forward-looking statements.  Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted in such forward-looking statements, for a variety of factors.  See  Forward-Looking Statements  below. 
 References in this filing to the  Company,   Manhattan,   Manhattan Associates,   we,   our,  and  us  refer to Manhattan Associates, Inc., our predecessors, and our wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Business Overview 
 We develop, sell, deploy, service and maintain software solutions designed to manage supply chains, inventory and omni-channel operations for retailers, wholesalers, manufacturers, logistics providers and other organizations. Our customers include many of the world s premier and most profitable brands.  
 Our business model is singularly focused on the development and implementation of complex commerce enablement software solutions that are designed to optimize supply chains, and retail store operations including point of sale effectiveness and efficiency for our customers. We have three principal sources of revenue:  

licenses of our software;      

professional services, including solutions planning and implementation, related consulting, customer training, and customer support services and software enhancements (collectively,  services  and      

hardware sales and other revenue.      

 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated $152.2 million and $457.0 million in total revenue, respectively, with a revenue mix of: license revenue 14%; services revenue 79%; and hardware and other revenue 7% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and license revenue 14%; services revenue 78%; and hardware and other revenue 8% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 
 The Company has three geographic reportable segments: North America and Latin America (the  Americas ), Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific (APAC).  Geographic revenue is based on the location of the sale. Our international revenue was approximately $34.9 million and $106.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, which represents approximately 23% of our total revenue for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. International revenue includes all revenue derived from sales to customers outside the United States. At September 30, 2016, we employed approximately 3,050 employees worldwide, of which 1,480 employees are based in the Americas, 210 in EMEA, and 1,360 in APAC (including India). We have offices in Australia, China, France, India, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the United States, as well as representatives in Mexico and reseller partnerships in Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, South Africa, and Asia. 
  Global Economic Trends and Industry Factors  
 Global macro-economic trends, technology spending, and supply chain management market growth are important barometers for our business. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, approximately 77% of our total revenue was generated in both periods in the United States, 10% and 11%, respectively, in EMEA, and the remaining balance in APAC, Canada, and Latin America. In addition, Gartner Inc. ( Gartner ), an information technology research and advisory company, estimates that nearly 80% of every supply chain software solutions dollar invested is spent in the United States (56%) and Western Europe (24%); consequently, the health of the U.S. and Western European economies has a meaningful impact on our financial results. 
   We sell technology-based solutions with total pricing, including software and services, in many cases exceeding $1.0 million. Our software often is a part of our customers  and prospects  much larger capital commitment associated with facilities expansion and business improvement. We believe that, given the lingering uncertainty in the global macro environment, the current sales cycles for large license deals of $1.0 million or greater in our target markets have been extended. The current business climate within the United States and geographic regions in which we operate continues to affect customers  and prospects  decisions regarding timing of  
   
 14 

strategic capital expenditures. Delays with respect to such decisions can have a material adverse impact on our business, and may further intensify competition in our already highly competiti  ve markets.  
 In October 2016, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) provided a World Economic Outlook (WEO) update maintaining its previous 2016 and 2017 world economic growth forecast at 3.1% and 3.4%, respectively. The WEO update noted that: 
 Global growth is projected to slow to 3.1 percent in 2016 before recovering to 3.4 percent in 2017. The forecast, revised down by 0.1 percentage point for 2016 and 2017 relative to April, reflects a more subdued outlook for advanced economies following the June U.K. vote in favor of leaving the European Union (Brexit) and weaker-than-expected growth in the United States. These developments have put further downward pressure on global interest rates, as monetary policy is now expected to remain accommodative for longer. Although the market reaction to the Brexit shock was reassuringly orderly, the ultimate impact remains very unclear, as the fate of institutional and trade arrangements between the United Kingdom and the European Union is uncertain.  
 The WEO update projected that advanced economies, which represent our primary revenue markets, would grow at about 1.6 percent in 2016 and 1.8 percent in 2017, respectively, while the emerging and developing economies would grow at about 4.2 percent in 2016 and 4.6 percent in 2017. 
 During 2015 and continuing into 2016, the overall trend has been steady for our large license deals, with recognized license revenue of $1.0 million or greater on twenty-one new contracts during 2015 as well as eleven new contracts in the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  While we are encouraged by our results, we, along with many of our customers, still remain cautious regarding the pace of global economic recovery. We believe global economic volatility likely will continue to shape customers  and prospects  enterprise software buying decisions, making it challenging to forecast sales cycles for our products and the timing of large enterprise software license deals. 
  Revenue  
 License revenue.   License revenue, a leading indicator of our business, is primarily derived from software license fees customers pay for supply chain solutions. License revenue totaled $21.6 million, or 14% of total revenue, with gross margins of 86.3% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $62.9 million, or 14% of total revenue, with gross margin of 86.6% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the percentage mix of new to existing customers was approximately 30/70 and 35/65, respectively.  
 License revenue growth is influenced by the strength of general economic and business conditions and the competitive position of our software products. Our license revenue generally has long sales cycles and the timing of the closing of a few large license transactions can have a material impact on our quarterly license revenues, operating profit, operating margins, and earnings per share. For example, $1.2 million of license revenue in the third quarter of 2016 equates to approximately one cent of diluted earnings per share impact. 
 Our software solutions are focused on core supply chain commerce operations (Warehouse Management, Transportation Management, Labor Management), Inventory optimization and Omni-channel operations (e-commerce, retail store operations and point of sale), which are intensely competitive markets characterized by rapid technological change. We are a market leader in the supply chain management software solutions market as defined by industry analysts such as ARC Advisory Group and Gartner. Our goal is to extend our position as a leading global supply chain solutions provider by growing our license revenues faster than our competitors through investment in innovation. We expect to continue to face increased competition from Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and Supply Chain Management applications vendors and business application software vendors that may broaden their solution offerings by internally developing, or by acquiring or partnering with independent developers of supply chain planning and execution software. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. 
 Services revenue.   Our services business consists of professional services (consulting and customer training) and customer support services and software enhancements (CSSE). Services revenue totaled $119.3 million, or 79% of total revenue, with gross margins of 58.6% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $355.4 million, or 78% of total revenue, with gross margins of 57.9% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Professional services accounted for approximately 71% and 72% of total services revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. While we believe our services margins are very strong, our consolidated operating margin profile may be lower than those of various other technology companies due to our large services revenue mix as a percentage of total revenue as services margins are inherently lower than license revenue margins.  
   At September 30, 2016, our professional services organization totaled approximately 2,040 employees, accounting for 67% of our total employees worldwide.  Our professional services organization provides our customers with expertise and assistance in  
   
 15 

planning and implementing our solutions.  To ensure a successful product implementation, consultants assist customers with the initial installation of a system, the conversion and transfer of the customer s historical data onto our system, and ongoi  ng training, education, and system upgrades.  We believe our professional services enable customers to implement our software rapidly, ensure the customer s success with our solution, strengthen our customer relationships, and add to our industry-specific   knowledge base for use in future implementations and product innovations.  
 Although our professional services are optional, the majority of our customers use at least some portion of these services for their planning, implementation, or related needs.  Professional services are typically rendered under time and materials-based contracts with services typically billed on an hourly basis.  Professional services are sometimes rendered under fixed-fee based contracts with payments due on specific dates or milestones. 
 Services revenue growth is contingent upon license revenue and customer upgrade cycles, which are influenced by the strength of general economic and business conditions and the competitive position of our software products.  In addition, our professional services business has competitive exposure to offshore providers and other consulting companies.  All of these factors potentially create the risk of pricing pressure, fewer customer orders, reduced gross margins, and loss of market share. 
 For CSSE, we offer a comprehensive 24 hours per day, 365 days per year program that provides our customers with software upgrades, when and if available, which include additional or improved functionality and technological advances incorporating emerging supply chain and industry initiatives.  Our CSSE revenues totaled $34.4 million and $99.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, representing approximately 29% and 28% of services revenue, respectively, and approximately 23% and 22% of total revenue, respectively. The growth of CSSE revenues is influenced by: (1) new license revenue growth; (2) annual renewal of support contracts; (3) increase in customers; and (4) fluctuations in currency rates.  Substantially all of our customers renew their annual support contracts. Over the last three years, our annual revenue renewal rate of customers subscribing to comprehensive support and enhancements has been greater than 90%.  CSSE revenue is generally paid in advance and recognized ratably over the term of the agreement, typically twelve months.  CSSE renewal revenue is not recognized unless payment is received from the customer. 
 Hardware and other revenue.  Our hardware and other revenue totaled $11.3 million, representing 7% of total revenue with gross margins of 18.0% for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and $38.7 million, representing 8% of total revenue with gross margin of 20.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In conjunction with the licensing of our software, and as a convenience for our customers, we resell a variety of hardware products developed and manufactured by third parties.  These products include computer hardware, radio frequency terminal networks, RFID chip readers, bar code printers and scanners, and other peripherals.  We resell all third-party hardware products and related maintenance pursuant to agreements with manufacturers or through distributor-authorized reseller agreements pursuant to which we are entitled to purchase hardware products and services at discounted prices.  We generally purchase hardware from our vendors only after receiving an order from a customer.  As a result, we generally do not maintain hardware inventory.  
 Other revenue represents amounts associated with reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses. The total amount of expense reimbursement recorded to hardware and other revenue was $4.8 million and $13.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 
  Product Development  
 We continue to invest significantly in research and development (R D) to provide leading solutions that help global manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, retailers, and logistics providers successfully manage accelerating and fluctuating demands as well as the increasing complexity and volatility of their local and global supply chains, retail store operations and point of sale. Our research and development expenses were $13.4 million and $41.6 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. At September 30, 2016, our R D organization totaled approximately 680 employees, located in the U.S. and India. 
 We expect to continue to focus our R D resources on the development and enhancement of our core supply chain, inventory optimization, omni-channel and point of sale software solutions.  We offer what we believe to be the broadest solution portfolio in the supply chain solutions marketplace, to address all aspects of inventory optimization, transportation management, distribution management, planning, and omni-channel operations including order management, store inventory   fulfillment, call center and point of sale.  
   We also plan to continue to enhance our existing solutions and to introduce new solutions to address evolving industry standards and market needs.  We identify opportunities to further enhance our solutions and to develop and provide new solutions through our customer support organization, as well as through ongoing customer consulting engagements and implementations, interactions with our user groups, association with leading industry analysts and market research firms, and participation on industry standards and  
   
 16 

research committees.  Our solutions address the n  eeds of customers in various vertical markets, including retail, consumer goods, food and grocery, logistics service providers, industrial and wholesale, high technology and electronics, life sciences, and government.  
  Cash Flow and Financial Condition  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we generated cash flow from operating activities of $42.0 million and $101.5 million, respectively. Our cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2016 totaled $110.8 million, with no debt on our balance sheet. We currently have no credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash continue to be funding investment in R D and operations to drive earnings growth and repurchases of our common stock. 
 We repurchased 1,864,018 shares of Manhattan Associates  outstanding common stock under our repurchase program during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. In October 2016, our Board of Directors approved raising the Company's remaining share repurchase authority to $50.0 million of Manhattan Associates  outstanding common stock. 
 For the remainder of 2016, we anticipate that our priorities for the use of cash will be in hiring and developing sales and services resources and continued investment in product development and marketing to extend our market leadership and awareness. We expect to continue to evaluate acquisition opportunities that are complementary to our product footprint and technology direction. We also expect to continue to weigh our share repurchase options against cash for acquisitions and investing in the business. We do not anticipate any borrowing requirements in the remainder of 2016 for general corporate purposes. 
 Results of Operations 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

17 

The Company has three geographic reportable segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APAC. Geographic revenue information is based on the location of sale. The revenues represented below are fr  om external customers only.  The geographical-based expenses include costs of personnel, direct sales, and marketing expenses, and general and administrative costs to support the business.  There are certain corporate expenses included in the Americas segm  ent that are not charged to the other segments, including research and development, certain marketing and general and administrative costs that support the global organization, and the amortization of acquired developed technology.  Included in the America  s costs are all research and development costs, including the costs associated with the Company s India operations. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we derived the majority of our revenues from sales to customers within o  ur Americas segment. The following table summarizes revenue and operating profit by segment:  

Summary of the Third Quarter 2016 Condensed Consolidated Financial Results  

18 

During the three months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 420,412 shares of Manhattan Associates common stock under the share repurchase p  rogram authorized by our Board of Directors, for a total investment of $25.0 million. In October 2016, our Board of Directors approved raising our share repurchase authority to an aggregate of $50.0 million of our outstanding common stock.     

The consolidated results of our operations for the third quarters of 2016 and 2015 are discussed below. 
  Revenue  

Our revenue consists of fees generated from the licensing and hosting of software; fees from professional services, customer support services and software enhancements; hardware sales of complementary equipment; and other revenue representing amounts associated with reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses. 
   
 License revenue.   License revenue increased $2.5 million, or 13%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in the prior year. Our license revenue performance depends on the number and relative value of large deals we close in the period. We recognized license revenue of $1.0 million or greater on five new separate contracts in the third quarter of 2016. The license sales percentage mix across our product suite in the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 was approximately 51% warehouse management solutions and 49% non-warehouse management solutions.   
 Services revenue.   Services revenue increased $6.7 million, or 6%, in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter in the prior year due to a $3.8 million increase in professional services revenue and a $2.9 million increase in customer support and software enhancements. The increase in services revenue was primarily due to a combination of license deals signed and customer-specific initiatives in conjunction with customer upgrade activity. Services revenue for the Americas and APAC segments increased $7.8 million and $0.8 million, respectively, but services revenue for the EMEA segment decreased $1.9 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter of 2015.   
 Hardware and other.   Hardware sales increased by $1.0 million to $6.5 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $5.5 million for the third quarter of 2015. The majority of hardware sales are derived from our Americas segment.  Sales of hardware are largely dependent upon customer-specific desires, which fluctuate.  Other revenue represents reimbursements for professional service travel expenses that are required to be classified as revenue and are included in hardware and other revenue. Reimbursements by customers for out-of-pocket expenses were approximately $4.8 and $5.2 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Cost of Revenue  

Cost of license.   Cost of license consists of the costs associated with software reproduction; hosting services; media, packaging and delivery, documentation, and other related costs; and royalties on third-party software sold with or as part of our products. Cost of   
   
 19 

license increased by $0.7 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same quarter of 2015 primarily due to   increased sales of third-party software and increased cost of hosting.  
 Cost of services.   Cost of services consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related expenses of employees dedicated to professional and technical services and customer support services.  The $2.8 million, or 6%, increase in cost of services in the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same quarter in the prior year was principally due to increased headcount to support business growth resulting in a $4.1 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses. In addition, professional fees, facility-related expense and telecommunication expense increased by $0.6 million, collectively. These increases were offset by a $1.9 million decrease in performance-based compensation expense.  
 Cost of hardware and other.   Cost of hardware and other increased by $0.2 million to $9.3 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $9.1 million in the same quarter of 2015. Cost of hardware and other includes professional services billed travel expenses reimbursed by customers of approximately $4.7 million and $5.1 million for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  
  Operating Expenses  

Research and development.   Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and other personnel-related costs for personnel involved in our research and development activities. Research and development expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $0.2 million, or 1%, as compared to the same quarter of 2015.  
 Our principal R D activities have focused on the expansion and integration of new products and releases, while expanding the product footprint of our software solution suites in Supply Chain, Inventory Optimization and Omni-Channel operations, including point-of-sale and tablet retailing. The Manhattan Platform provides not only a sophisticated service oriented, architecture based framework, but a platform that facilitates the integration with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and other supply chain solutions. For each of the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not capitalize any R D costs because the costs incurred following the attainment of technological feasibility for the related software product through the date of general release were insignificant. 
 Sales and marketing.   Sales and marketing expenses include salaries, commissions, travel and other personnel-related costs, and the costs of our marketing and alliance programs and related activities. Sales and marketing expenses for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $0.9 million compared to the same quarter in the prior year, primarily due to a $0.8 million decrease in marketing programs.  
 General and administrative.   General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs of executive, financial, human resources, information technology, and administrative personnel, as well as facilities, legal, insurance, accounting, and other administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased by $2.8 million, or 20%, in the current year quarter compared to the same quarter in the prior year primarily attributable to a $1.8 million decrease in equity-based compensation, a $0.5 million decrease in performance-based compensation expense as well as decreases in temporary contracted personnel and professional fees.  
 Depreciation and amortization.   Depreciation expense for the third quarter of 2016 was $2.2 million compared to $1.9 million for the third quarter of 2015. Amortization expense associated with acquisitions for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was immaterial.  
   
 20 

Operating Income  
 Operating income for the third quarter of 2016 was $53.6 million compared to $43.7 million for the third quarter of 2015. Operating margins were 35.2% for the third quarter of 2016 versus 30.7% for the same quarter in the prior year. Operating income increased primarily due to strong revenue growth, lower performance-based compensation expense, and expense management during the quarter. 
  Other Income and Income Taxes  

Other income, net.   Other income, net principally includes interest income, foreign currency gains and losses, and other non-operating expenses. Other income, net decreased $0.4 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015 primarily due to a decrease in foreign currency gains related to the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, principally the India Rupee.  
 Income tax provision.   Our effective income tax rates were 37.7% and 37.0% for the quarters ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 is primarily due to the establishment of additional reserves for uncertain tax positions.  
   
  Summary of the First Nine Month of 2016 Condensed Consolidated Financial Results   

During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we repurchased 1,864,018 shares of Manhattan Associates common stock under the share repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors, for a total investment of $108.5 million.     

 The results of our consolidated operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are discussed below. 

21 

Our revenue consists of fees generated from licensing and hosting of software; professional services, customer support services and software enhancements; hardware sales of complementary radio frequency and computer equipment; and   other revenue representin  g   amounts associated with reimbursements from customers for out-of-pocket expenses.  
   
 License revenue.   License revenue increased $4.7 million, or 8%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 over the same period in the prior year. Our license revenue performance depends heavily on the number and relative value of large deals we close in the period. We recognized eleven and fifteen new separate contracts greater than $1.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
   
 The license sales percentage mix across our product suite in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately 60% warehouse management solutions and 40% non-warehouse management solutions. 
 Services revenue.   Services revenue increased $34.3 million, or 11%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year due to a $26.1 million increase in professional services revenue and a $8.2 million increase in customer support and software enhancements. In the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year, services revenue for the Americas and APAC segments increased $34.4 million and $0.6 million, respectively but decreased $0.7 million for the EMEA segment. The increase in services revenue was primarily due to a combination of license deals signed and customer-specific initiatives in conjunction with customer upgrade activity.  
   
 Hardware and other.   Hardware sales increased by $4.6 million, or 23%, to $24.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $20.3 million for the same period in the prior year.  The majority of hardware sales are derived from our Americas segment.  Hardware sales are largely dependent upon customer-specific desires, which fluctuate.  Other revenue represents reimbursements for professional service travel expenses that are required to be classified as revenue. Reimbursements by customers for out-of-pocket expenses were approximately $13.9 million and $15.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
   
  Cost of Revenue  

Cost of license.     Cost of license consists of the costs associated with software reproduction; hosting services; media, packaging and delivery, documentation, and other related costs; and royalties on third-party software sold with or as part of our products. Cost of license increased by $1.1 million, or 14%, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year principally due to increased sales of third-party software and increased cost of hosting.  
 Cost of services.     Cost of services consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related expenses of employees dedicated to professional and technical services and customer support services.  The $11.8 million, or 9%, increase in cost of services in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year was principally due to an $11.9 million increase in compensation and other personnel-related expenses primarily resulting from increased headcount in our services organization to support ongoing growth of the business. In addition, professional fees, facility-related expenses and telecommunication expense increased by $1.4 million, collectively. These increases were offset by a $2.1 million decrease in performance-based compensation expenses.  
   
 Cost of hardware and other.     Cost of hardware and other increased by $1.1 million to approximately $30.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $29.8 million in the same period of 2015. Cost of hardware and other includes out-of-pocket expenses to be reimbursed by customers of approximately $13.5 million and $15.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   

22 

Operating Expenses  

Research and development.     Research and development expenses primarily consist of salaries and other personnel-related costs for personnel involved in our research and development activities. Research and development expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $1.2 million, or 3%, compared to the same period in 2015. This increase was primarily due to an increase of $1.8 million in compensation and other personnel-related expenses. In addition, temporary contracted personnel, facility-related expense and computer costs increased by $0.5 million, collectively. These increases were offset by a $1.3 million decrease in performance-based compensation expense. For each of the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not capitalize any research and development costs.   
   
 Sales and marketing.   Sales and marketing expenses include salaries, commissions, travel and other personnel-related costs and the costs of our marketing and alliance programs and related activities. Sales and marketing expenses were flat in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of the prior year.   
   
 General and administrative.     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs of executive, financial, human resources, information technology, and administrative personnel, as well as facilities, legal, insurance, accounting, and other administrative expenses. General and administrative expenses decreased by $1.2 million, or 3%, during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to a $0.6 million decrease in compensation and other personnel-related expenses and a $0.7 decrease in performance-based compensation expense.  
    
 Depreciation and amortization.     Depreciation expense amounted to $6.5 million and $5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Amortization expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was immaterial.   
   
  Operating Income  
   
 Operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $149.0 million compared to $121.9 million for the same period in the prior year. Operating margins were 32.6% for the first nine months of 2016 versus 29.4% for the same period in 2015. Operating income and margin increased primarily due to strong revenue growth, lower performance-based compensation expense, and expense management during the nine month period.  
   
  Other Income and Income Taxes  

Other income, net.     Other income, net principally includes interest income, foreign currency gains and losses, and other non-operating expenses. Other income, net increased $0.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 primarily related to foreign currency gains resulting from the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies, principally the Japanese Yen.  

23 

Income tax provision.      Our effective income tax rate was 37.3% and 37.4% for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   The decrease in the effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily due to the U.S. research and development credit claimed for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, as the   credit became permanent in December 2015 and was not claimed during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, partially offset by the establishment of additional reserves for uncertain tax positions.  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
 In the first nine month of 2016, we funded our business through cash flow generated from operations. Our cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 included $58.1 million held in the U.S. and $52.7 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. We believe that our cash balances in the U.S. are sufficient to fund our U.S. operations.  In the future, if we elect to repatriate the unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes which would result in a higher effective tax rate.  However, our current intent is to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of the U.S., and we do not have a current cash requirement need requiring U.S. repatriation. 
 Our operating activities generated cash flow of approximately $101.5 million and $84.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, reflecting strong global cash collections. Typical factors affecting our cash provided by operating activities include our level of revenue and earnings for the period, the timing and amount of employee bonus payments and income tax payments, and the timing of cash collections from our customers which is our primary source of operating cash flow. 
 Our investing activities generated cash flow of approximately $4.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and used cash of approximately $11.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The primary generation of cash for investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $10.2 million in net maturities of short-term investments, offset by $5.5 million in capital expenditures to support company growth. The primary use of cash for investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was $9.6 million in capital expenditures and $1.8 million in net purchases of short-term investments. 
 Our financing activities used cash of approximately $112.8 million and $77.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The principal use of cash for financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was to purchase approximately $118.0 million of our common stock, including $9.5 million in shares withheld for taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units, partially offset by a $5.2 million excess tax benefit from equity-based compensation. The principal use of cash for financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was to purchase approximately $86.8 million of our common stock, including $10.3 million in shares withheld for taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock and restricted stock units, partially offset by proceeds generated from options exercised of $0.6 million and a $8.4 million excess tax benefit from equity-based compensation.  
 Periodically, opportunities may arise to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary and synergistic companies, products, and technologies. Any material acquisition could result in a decrease to our working capital depending on the amount, timing, and nature of the consideration to be paid. We believe that existing balances of cash and investments will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs at least for the next twelve months, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case. In the remainder of 2016, we expect that our priorities for the use of cash will be in hiring and developing sales and services resources and continued investment in product development and marketing to extend our market leadership and awareness.  We expect to continue to weigh our share repurchase options against using cash for investing in the business and acquisition opportunities that are complementary to our product footprint and technology direction. We do not anticipate any borrowing requirements in the remainder of 2016 for general corporate purposes. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In the first nine months of 2016, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in the section  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 other than the adoption of ASU 2015-17 related to the balance sheet presentation of deferred income taxes. 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
   Certain statements contained in this filing are  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to statements related to expectations about global macroeconomic trends and industry developments, plans for future business development activities, anticipated costs of revenues, product mix and service  
   
 24 

revenues, research and development and selling, gen  eral and administrative activities, and liquidity and capital needs and resources. When used in this report, the words  may,   expect,   forecast,   anticipate,   intend,   plan,   believe,   could,   seek,   project,   estimate,  and similar expressions a  re generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which reflect opinions only as of the date of this quarterly report. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks  , uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  
 Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results discussed in forward-looking statements include: 

economic, political and market conditions;     

ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees;     

competition;     

our dependence on a single line of business, as well as our dependence on generating license revenue to drive business;     

risks associated with large system implementations;     

the requirement to maintain high quality professional service capabilities;     

possible compromises of our data protection and IT security measures;     

the risks of international operations, including foreign currency exchange risk;     

the possibility that research and developments investments may not yield sufficient returns;     

possible liability to customers if our products fail;     

undetected errors or  bugs  in our software;     

the long sales cycle associated with our products;     

the difficulty of predicting operating results;     

the need to continually improve our technology;     

risks associated with managing growth;     

reliance on third party and open source software;     

the need for our products to interoperate with other systems;     

the need to protect our intellectual property, and our exposure to intellectual property claims of others;      

economic conditions and regulatory changes caused by the United Kingdom s likely exit from the European Union; and     

other risks described under the heading  Risk Factors  in this Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, as the same may be updated from time to time in subsequent quarterly reports.     

I  tem 3.   
 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.    

 There were no material changes to the Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk previously disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

I  tem 4.   
 
   Controls and Procedures.    

 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. Our disclosure controls and procedures however are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
   
 25 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  
 During the three months ended September 30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, including any corrective actions with regard to material weaknesses. 

PART II 
     OTHER INFORMATION 

I  tem 1.   
 
   Legal Proceedings.    

 From time to time, we may be a party to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, and we could be a party to legal proceedings not in the ordinary course of business. The Company is not currently a party to any legal proceeding the result of which it believes could have a material adverse impact upon its business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Many of our product installations involve software products that are critical to the operations of our customers  businesses. Any failure in our products could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. Although we attempt to contractually limit our liability for damages arising from product failures or negligent acts or omissions, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability set forth in our contracts will be enforceable in all instances. 

I  tem 1A.   
 
   Risk Factors.    

 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A,  Risk Factors,  of the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016. 

I  tem 2.   
 
   Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.    

 The following table provides information regarding our common stock repurchases under our publicly-announced repurchase program for the quarter ended September 30, 2016. All repurchases related to the repurchase program were made on the open market. 

In October 2016, our Board of Directors approved raising our repurchase authority for the Company s common stock to a total of $50.0 million. 

I  tem 3.   
 
   Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

 No events occurred during the quarter covered by the report that would require a response to this item. 

I  tem 4.    
 
   Mine Safety Disclosures.    

 Not applicable. 

I  tem 5.   
 
   Other Information.    

 No events occurred during the quarter covered by the report that would require a response to this item. 
   
 26 

I  tem 6.   
 
          Exhibits.     

*   
 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of the SEC s Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.    

27 

S  IGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 MANHATTAN ASSOCIATES, INC. 

Date:   
 
 October 21, 2016  
 
 /s/ Eddie Capel  

Eddie Capel  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:  
 
 October 21, 2016  
 
 /s/ Dennis B. Story  

Dennis B. Story  

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer  

(Principal Financial Officer)  

28 

EXHIBIT INDEX  

*   
 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of the SEC s Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933.    

29  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 manh-ex311_7.htm
 EX-31.1

manh-ex311_7.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Eddie Capel, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the registrant; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Dated this 21 st  day of October, 2016 

/s/ Eddie Capel  

Eddie Capel 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 manh-ex312_8.htm
 EX-31.2

manh-ex312_8.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dennis B. Story, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of the registrant; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

 Dated this 21 st  day of October, 2016 

/s/ Dennis B. Story  

Dennis B. Story 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 manh-ex32_6.htm
 EX-32

manh-ex32_6.htm

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 This Certificate is being delivered pursuant to the requirements of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 (Mail Fraud) of Title 18 (Crimes and Criminal Procedures) of the United States Code and shall not be relied on by any person for any other purpose. 
 The undersigned, who are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Manhattan Associates, Inc. (the  Company ), hereby each certify that, to the undersigned s knowledge: 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), which accompanies this Certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Dated this 21 st  day of October, 2016 

/s/ Eddie Capel  

Eddie Capel 
 President and Chief Executive Officer  

/s/ Dennis B. Story  

Dennis B. Story 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer     

In accordance with SEC Release No. 34-47986, this Exhibit is furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 manh-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 manh-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 manh-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 manh-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 manh-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 manh-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

