<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161108_10-Q_edgar_data_822663_0001144204-16-132435_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3322143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82342</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>171282</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>933049</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1439244</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>608009</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132435.hdr.sgml : 20161108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161108162243
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132435
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTER PARFUMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000822663
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				133275609
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-16469
		FILM NUMBER:		161981546

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		551 FIFTH AVE
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10176
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2129832640

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		551 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		STE 1500
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10176

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JEAN PHILIPPE FRAGRANCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132435.txt : 20161108

10-Q
 1
 v451593_10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q  

  ( MARK ONE )  

Quarterly Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act 

of 1934 for the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016. 

OR  

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 

1934 for the transition period from ___________to
________. 

Commission File No.   0-16469   

INTER PARFUMS, INC.   

 (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       13-3275609    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer   
 
      incorporation or organization)  
       
      Identification No.)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days: Yes     No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes     
No     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated Filer      
      Accelerated filer       
 
      Non-accelerated filer    
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes     No     

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

At November 4, 2016, there were 31,105,605 shares of common
stock, par value $.001 per share, outstanding. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

INDEX  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Part I. Financial Information  

Item 1.  Financial Statements  

In our opinion, the accompanying unaudited
consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary to present
fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the interim periods presented. We have condensed such financial
statements in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Therefore,
such financial statements do not include all disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. In preparing these consolidated financial statements, the Company has evaluated events and transactions for potential
recognition or disclosure through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued by filing with the SEC. These financial
statements should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 included
in our annual report filed on Form 10-K. 

The results of operations for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire fiscal year. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands except share and per share
data) 

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   

 (In thousands except per share data) 

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE
INCOME   

 (In thousands except per share data) 

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN EQUITY   

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

  (In thousands)  

  (Unaudited)  

See notes to consolidated financial statements.  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

1.     Significant Accounting Policies:     

The accounting policies we follow are set forth in
the notes to our financial statements included in our Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for
the year ended December 31, 2015. We also discuss such policies in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in this Form 10-Q. 

2.     Settlement with French Tax Authorities:     

As previously reported, the French Tax Authorities examined the 2012 tax return of Interparfums SA, the
Company s majority owned Paris based subsidiary, and in August 2015 issued a $6.9 million tax adjustment. It is the Company s
position that the French Tax Authorities are incorrect in their assessments and the Company believes that it has strong arguments
to support its tax positions. The main issues challenged by the French Tax Authorities related to the commission rate and royalty
rate paid to Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums (Suisse) SARL, respectively. Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums
(Suisse) SARL are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Interparfums SA. Due to the subjective nature of the issues involved, in April 2016,
Interparfums SA reached an agreement in principle to settle the entire matter with the French Tax Authorities. The settlement requires
Interparfums SA to pay a tax assessment of $1.9 million covering the issues for not only the 2012 tax year, but also covering the
issues for the tax years ended 2013 through 2015. The settlement also includes an agreement as to future acceptable commission
and royalty rates, which is not expected to have a significant impact on cash flow. The settlement, which is subject to formal
documentation with the French Tax Authorities, was accrued as of March 31, 2016. In July 2016, Interparfums SA paid $1.1 million
to the French Tax Authorities upon receipt of formal notification regarding tax years 2013 and 2014. 

3.     License Renewal:     

In September 2016, the Company,
through its majority owned Paris based subsidiary, Interparfums SA, renewed its license agreement for an additional three years
with S.T. Dupont for the creation, development and distribution of fragrance products through December 31, 2019, without any material
changes in terms and conditions. Our initial 11-year license agreement with S.T. Dupont was signed in June 1997, and had previously
been extended through December 31, 2016. 

4.     Recent Accounting Pronouncements:     

In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued an Accounting Standards
Update ( ASU ) to eliminate the diversity in practice related to the classification of certain cash receipts and payments
in the statement of cash flows, by adding or clarifying guidance on eight specific cash flow issues. This ASU is effective for
annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is permitted. We have evaluated the standard and
determined that there will be no material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) issued an Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) which simplifies several aspects of the accounting
for share based payments, including the income tax consequences and classification on the statement of cash flows. Under the new
standard, all excess tax benefits and deficiencies will be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement.
Additionally, excess tax benefits will be classified as an operating activity on the statement of cash flows. This ASU is effective
for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016 and early adoption is permitted. The amendments requiring
recognition of excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies in the income statement must be applied prospectively, and entities are
allowed to elect to apply the amendments related to the presentation of excess tax benefits on the statement of cash flows using
either a prospective or retrospective transition method. We are currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of its
adoption on our consolidated financial statements. 

In February 2016, the FASB issued an ASU which requires
lessees to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities arising from operating leases on the balance sheet. This ASU is effective
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018 using a modified retrospective approach, with early
adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of its adoption on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In November 2015, the FASB issued an ASU that requires
all deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet. This ASU is effective for annual and
interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. In addition, this guidance can be applied
either prospectively or retrospectively to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact
of its adoption on our consolidated financial statements. 

In July 2015, the FASB issued an ASU modifying the
accounting for inventory. Under this ASU, the measurement principle for inventory will change from lower of cost or market value
to lower of cost and net realizable value. The ASU defines net realizable value as the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The ASU is applicable to inventory
that is accounted for under the first-in, first-out method and is effective for reporting periods after December 15, 2016, with
early adoption permitted. We have evaluated the standard and determined that there is no material impact on our consolidated financial
statements. 

In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU which supersedes
the most current revenue recognition requirements. The new revenue recognition standard requires entities to recognize revenue
in a way that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity
expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017, with early adoption permitted for annual periods after December 31, 2016. We have evaluated
the standard and determined that there will be no material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

There are no other recent accounting pronouncements
issued but not yet adopted that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements  

5.      Inventories:   

Inventories consist
of the following: 

6.     Fair Value Measurement:     

The following tables present our
financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair value
hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy has three levels based on the reliability of the inputs used to determine fair value. 

The carrying amount of cash and
cash equivalents including money market funds, accounts receivable, other receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates
fair value due to the short terms to maturity of these instruments. The carrying amount of loans payable approximates fair value
as the interest rates on the Company s indebtedness approximate current market rates. The fair value of the Company s
long-term debt was estimated based on the current rates offered to companies for debt with the same remaining maturities and is
approximately equal to its carrying value. 

Foreign currency forward exchange
contracts are valued based on quotations from financial institutions and the value of interest rate swaps are the discounted net
present value of the swaps using third party quotes obtained from financial institutions. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

7.     Derivative Financial Instruments:     

The Company enters into
foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure related to receivables or payables denominated in a foreign currency
and occasionally to manage risks related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. In connection with
the 2015 Rochas brand acquisition, $108 million of the purchase price was paid in cash on the closing date and was financed entirely
through a 5-year term loan. As the payment at closing was due in dollars and we had planned to finance it with debt in euro, the
Company entered into foreign currency forward contracts to secure the exchange rate for the $108 million purchase price at $1.067
per 1 euro. This derivative was designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge. The Company did not have any other derivatives under
hedge accounting during the nine months ended  September  30, 2016 and 2015.   

Gains and losses in derivatives
not designated as hedges are included in loss on foreign currency on the accompanying income statement and were immaterial for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest expense includes a loss
of $0.2 million relating to an interest rate swap. 

All derivative instruments are reported as either
assets or liabilities on the balance sheet measured at fair value. The valuation of interest rate swaps resulted in a liability
which is included in long-term debt on the accompanying balance sheets. The valuation of foreign currency forward exchange contracts
not accounted for using hedge accounting resulted in an asset and is included in other current assets on the accompanying balance
sheets. Generally, increases or decreases in the fair value of derivative instruments will be recognized as gains or losses in
earnings in the period of change. If the derivative instrument is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, the change in
fair value of the derivative instrument is recorded as a separate component of shareholders  equity. 

At September 30, 2016, we had foreign currency contracts
in the form of forward exchange contracts in the amount of approximately U.S. $16.9 million, GB  7.2 million and JPY
 80 million which all have maturities of less than one year. 

8.     Accrued Expenses:   

Accrued expenses include approximately
$14.1 million and $15.2 million in advertising liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

9.     Share-Based Payments:   

The Company maintains a stock option
program for key employees, executives and directors. The plans, all of which have been approved by shareholder vote, provide for
the granting of both nonqualified and incentive options. Options granted under the plans typically have a six-year term and vest
over a four to five-year period. The fair value of shares vested for both the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015
aggregated $0.05 million and $0.03 million, respectively. Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period for the entire award. It is generally our policy to issue new shares upon exercise of stock options.   

The following table sets forth information
with respect to nonvested options for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016: 

Share-based payment expense decreased income before
income taxes by $0.28 million and $0.70 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared
to $0.20 million and $0.59 million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. Share-based payment expense decreased income
attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. by $0.16 million and $0.42 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, as compared to $0.12 million and $0.35 million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. 

The following table summarizes stock option information
as of September 30, 2016: 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

As of September 30, 2016, the weighted
average remaining contractual life of options outstanding is 3.27 years (2.04 years for options exercisable), the aggregate intrinsic
value of options outstanding and options exercisable is $5.1 million and $2.4 million, respectively, and unrecognized compensation
cost related to stock options outstanding of Inter Parfums, Inc. aggregated $2.1 million. 

Cash proceeds, tax benefits and
intrinsic value related to stock options exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 were
as follows: 

The weighted average fair values
of the options granted by Inter Parfums, Inc. during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $6.50 and $6.73 per
share, respectively, on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of options granted. 

The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes
pricing model for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 are set forth in the following table: 

Expected volatility is estimated
based on historic volatility of the Company s common stock. The expected term of the option is estimated based on historic
data. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant of the option and the dividend
yield reflects the assumption that the dividend payout as authorized by the Board of Directors would increase as the earnings of
the Company and its stock price increases. 

In September 2016, Interparfums
SA, approved a plan to grant an aggregate of 15,100 free shares of its stock to employees with no performance condition requirement,
and an aggregate of 133,000 free shares to officers and managers, subject to certain corporate performance conditions. The shares
will be distributed in September 2019 so long as the individual is employed by Interparfums SA at the time, and in the case of
officers and managers, only to the extent that the performance conditions have been met. Once distributed, the shares will be unrestricted
and the employees will be permitted to trade their shares. 

The fair value of the grant of  22.46 per share (approximately $25.00 per share) has been determined
based on the quoted stock price of Interparfums SA shares as reported by the NYSE Euronext on the date of grant taking into account
the dividend yield as no dividends on this grant will be earned until the shares are distributed. The estimated number of shares
to be distributed of 137,381 has been determined taking into account employee turnover. The aggregate cost of the grant of  3.1
million (approximately $3.4 million) will be recognized as compensation cost by Interparfums SA on a straight-line basis over the
requisite three year service period. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, $0.1 million of compensation cost has been
recognized. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

To avoid dilution of the Company s
ownership of Interparfums SA,, all shares to be distributed pursuant to this plan will be pre-existing shares of Interparfums SA,
purchased in the open market by Interparfums SA. As of September 30, 2016, a total of 90,524 shares of have been acquired in the
open market at an aggregate cost of $2.47 million, and such amount has been classified as an equity transaction on the accompanying
balance sheet. 

10 .       Net Income Attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. Common Shareholders:      

Net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. per
common share ( basic EPS ) is computed by dividing net earnings attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. by the weighted
average number of shares outstanding. Net earnings attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. per share assuming dilution ( diluted
EPS ), is computed using the weighted average number of shares outstanding, plus the incremental shares outstanding assuming
the exercise of dilutive stock options using the treasury stock method. 

The reconciliation between the numerators and denominators
of the basic and diluted EPS computations is as follows: 

Not included in the above computations is the effect
of antidilutive potential common shares which consist of outstanding options to purchase 0.31 million shares and 0.27 million shares
of common stock for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and 0.25 million and 0.27 million shares of
common stock for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  

11.     Segment and Geographic Areas:     

The Company manufactures and distributes
one product line, fragrances and fragrance related products. The Company manages its business in two segments, European based operations
and United States based operations. The European assets are located, and operations are primarily conducted, in France. Both European
operations and United States operations primarily represent the sale of prestige brand name fragrances. 

Information on our operations by
geographical areas is as follows: 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Item 2:    MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF  

FINANCIAL CONDITION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  

Forward Looking Information  

Statements in this report which are not
historical in nature are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected
in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions or expectations will be
achieved. In some cases you can identify forward-looking statements by forward-looking words such as  anticipate,   believe, 
 could,   estimate,   expect,   intend,   may,   should,   will 
and  would  or similar words. You should not rely on forward-looking statements because actual events or results may
differ materially from those indicated by these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of important factors. These
factors include, but are not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the headings  Forward Looking Statements 
and  Risk Factors  in Inter Parfums' annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and the reports
Inter Parfums files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Inter Parfums does not intend to and undertakes
no duty to update the information contained in this report. 

Regulation S-K Item 10(e)  

Regulation S-K Item 10(e),  Use of
Non-GAAP Financial Measures in commission filings,  prescribes the conditions for use of non-GAAP financial information in
commission filings. We believe that our presentation of the non-GAAP financial information beginning on page 27 of this Form 10-Q
is important supplemental measures of operating performance to investors. We believe that certain investors consider adjusted net
income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. a useful means of evaluating our financial performance. 

Overview  

We operate in the fragrance business, and
manufacture, market and distribute a wide array of fragrances and fragrance related products. We manage our business in two segments,
European based operations and United States based operations. Certain prestige fragrance products are produced and marketed by
our European operations through our 73% owned subsidiary in Paris, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as
27% of Interparfums SA shares trade on the NYSE Euronext. 

We produce and distribute our European based
fragrance products primarily under license agreements with brand owners, and European based fragrance product sales represented
approximately 79% and 78% of net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We have built a portfolio
of prestige brands, which include  Balmain, Boucheron, Coach, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Lanvin, Montblanc, Paul Smith, S.T.
Dupont, Repetto, Rochas  and  Van Cleef   Arpels , whose products are distributed in over 100 countries around the
world. With respect to our largest brands, we own the Lanvin brand name for its class of trade, and license the Montblanc and Jimmy
Choo brand names; for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, sales of product for these brands represented 12%, 24%, and 18%
of net sales, respectively. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Through our United States operations we
also market fragrance and fragrance related products. United States operations represented 21% and 22% of net sales for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fragrance products are sold primarily pursuant to license or other
agreements with the owners of the  Abercrombie   Fitch, Agent Provocateur, Anna Sui, Banana Republic, bebe, Dunhill, Hollister,
Oscar de la Renta,  and  Shanghai Tang  brands. 

Quarterly sales fluctuations are influenced
by the timing of new product launches as well as the third and fourth quarter holiday season. In certain markets where we sell
directly to retailers, seasonality is more evident. We sell directly to retailers in France as well as through our distribution
subsidiaries in Italy, Germany, Spain and the United States. 

We grow our business in two distinct ways.
First, we grow by adding new brands to our portfolio, either through new licenses or other arrangements or out-right acquisitions
of brands. Second, we grow through the introduction of new products and by supporting new and established products through advertising,
merchandising and sampling as well as phasing out existing products that no longer meet the needs of our consumers. The economics
of developing, producing, launching and supporting products influence our sales and operating performance each year.  Our
introduction of new products may have some cannibalizing effect on sales of existing products, which we take into account in our
business planning. 

Our business is not capital intensive, and
it is important to note that we do not own manufacturing facilities. We act as a general contractor and source our needed components
from our suppliers. These components are received at one of our distribution centers and then, based upon production needs, the
components are sent to one of several third party fillers, which manufacture the finished product for us and then deliver them
to one of our distribution centers. 

As with any global business, many aspects
of our operations are subject to influences outside our control. We believe we have a strong brand portfolio with global reach
and potential. As part of our strategy, we plan to continue to make investments behind fast-growing markets and channels to grow
market share.  

During the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the economic and political uncertainty and financial market volatility taking place in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and
China had a small negative impact on our business, and at this time we do not believe it will significantly affect our overall
business for the foreseeable future. However, if the degree of uncertainty or volatility worsens or is prolonged, then there will
likely be a negative effect on ongoing consumer confidence, demand and spending and as a result, our business. Currently, we believe
general economic and other uncertainties still exist in select markets in which we do business, and we continue to monitor global
economic uncertainties and other risks that may affect our business. 

Our reported net sales are impacted by changes
in foreign currency exchange rates. A strong U.S. dollar has a negative impact on our net sales. However, earnings are positively
affected by a strong dollar, because over 40% of net sales of our European operations are denominated in U.S. dollars, while almost
all costs of our European operations are incurred in euro. Our Company addresses certain financial exposures through a controlled
program of risk management that includes the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter into foreign currency
forward exchange contracts to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. We are also carefully monitoring
currency trends in the United Kingdom as a result of the volatility created from the United Kingdom s decision to exit the
European Union. We have evaluated our current pricing models and currently we do not expect any significant pricing changes. However,
if the devaluation of the British Pound continues, it may affect future gross profit margins from sales in the territory. We do
not expect any material losses on accounts receivables to be collected in British Pounds as we routinely hedge those amounts. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Recent Important Events  

License Renewal   

In September 2016, Interparfums SA renewed
its license agreement for an additional three years with S.T. Dupont for the creation, development and distribution of fragrance
products through December 31, 2019, without any material changes in terms and conditions. Our initial 11-year license agreement
with S.T. Dupont was signed in June 1997, and had previously been extended through December 31, 2016. 

Settlement with French Tax Authorities   

As previously reported, the French Tax Authorities examined the 2012 tax return of Interparfums SA, and
in August 2015 issued a $6.9 million tax adjustment. It is the Company s position that the French Tax Authorities are incorrect
in their assessments and the Company believes that it has strong arguments to support its tax positions. The main issues challenged
by the French Tax Authorities related to the commission rate and royalty rate paid to Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums
(Suisse) SARL, respectively. Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums (Suisse) SARL are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Interparfums
SA. Due to the subjective nature of the issues involved, in April 2016, Interparfums SA reached an agreement in principle to settle
the entire matter with the French Tax Authorities. The settlement requires Interparfums SA to pay a tax assessment of $1.9 million
covering the issues for not only the 2012 tax year, but also covering the issues for the tax years ended 2013 through 2015. The
settlement also includes an agreement as to future acceptable commission and royalty rates, which is not expected to have a significant
impact on cash flow. The settlement, which is subject to formal documentation with the French Tax Authorities, was accrued for
in March 2016. In July 2016, Interparfums SA paid $1.1 million to the French Tax Authorities upon receipt of formal notification
regarding tax years 2013 and 2014. 

Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies  

We make estimates and assumptions in the
preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe the following
discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial
condition and results of operations. These accounting policies generally require our management s most difficult and subjective
judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Management
of the Company has discussed the selection of significant accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Revenue Recognition   

We sell our products to department stores,
perfumeries, specialty retailers, mass market retailers, supermarkets and domestic and international wholesalers and distributors.
Sales of such products by our domestic subsidiaries are denominated in U.S. dollars and sales of such products by our foreign subsidiaries
are primarily denominated in either euro or U.S. dollars. We recognize revenues when merchandise is shipped and the risk of loss
passes to the customer. Net sales are comprised of gross revenues less returns, trade discounts and allowances. 

Accounts Receivable   

Accounts receivable represent payments due
to the Company for previously recognized net sales, reduced by allowances for sales returns and doubtful accounts. Accounts receivable
balances are written-off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they become uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable
previously recorded against the allowance are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when received. We generally grant
credit based upon our analysis of the customer s financial position as well as previously established buying patterns. 

Sales Returns   

Generally, we do not permit customers to
return their unsold products. However, for U.S. distribution of our prestige products, we allow returns if properly requested,
authorized and approved. We regularly review and revise, as deemed necessary, our estimate of reserves for future sales returns
based primarily upon historic trends and relevant current data, including information provided by retailers regarding their inventory
levels. In addition, as necessary, specific accruals may be established for significant future known or anticipated events. The
types of known or anticipated events that we have considered, and will continue to consider, include, but are not limited to, the
financial condition of our customers, store closings by retailers, changes in the retail environment and our decision to continue
to support new and existing products. We record estimated reserves for sales returns as a reduction of sales, cost of sales and
accounts receivable. Returned products are recorded as inventories and are valued based upon estimated realizable value. The physical
condition and marketability of returned products are the major factors we consider in estimating realizable value. Actual returns,
as well as estimated realizable values of returned products, may differ significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from our
estimates, if factors such as economic conditions, inventory levels or competitive conditions differ from our expectations. 

Inventories    

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
and net realizable value. Cost is principally determined by the first-in, first-out method. We record adjustments to the cost of
inventories based upon our sales forecast and the physical condition of the inventories. These adjustments are estimates, which
could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from actual results if future economic conditions or competitive conditions
differ from our expectations. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Equipment and Other Long-Lived Assets   

Equipment, which includes tools and molds,
is recorded at cost and is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of such assets. Changes in circumstances
such as technological advances, changes to our business model or changes in our capital spending strategy can result in the actual
useful lives differing from our estimates. In those cases where we determine that the useful life of equipment should be shortened,
we would depreciate the net book value in excess of the salvage value, over its revised remaining useful life, thereby increasing
depreciation expense. Factors such as changes in the planned use of equipment, or market acceptance of products, could result in
shortened useful lives. 

We evaluate indefinite-lived intangible
assets for impairment at least annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently when events occur or circumstances change,
such as an unexpected decline in sales, that would more likely than not indicate that the carrying value of an indefinite-lived
intangible asset may not be recoverable. When testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the evaluation requires
a comparison of the estimated fair value of the asset to the carrying value of the asset. The fair values used in our evaluations
are estimated based upon discounted future cash flow projections using a weighted average cost of capital of 8.02%. The cash flow
projections are based upon a number of assumptions, including, future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense
levels, as well as economic conditions, changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are
more subjective in nature. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment
charge is recorded. 

We believe that the assumptions we have
made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable and currently no impairment indicators
exist for our indefinite-lived intangible assets. However, if future actual results do not meet our expectations, we may be required
to record an impairment charge, the amount of which could be material to our results of operations. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015
indefinite-lived intangible assets aggregated approximately $120 million. The following table presents the impact a change in the
following significant assumptions would have had on the calculated fair value in 2015 assuming all other assumptions remained constant: 

Intangible assets subject to amortization
are evaluated for impairment testing whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an amortizable
intangible asset may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators exist for an amortizable intangible asset, the undiscounted future
cash flows associated with the expected service potential of the asset are compared to the carrying value of the asset. If our
projection of undiscounted future cash flows is in excess of the carrying value of the intangible asset, no impairment charge is
recorded. If our projection of undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying value of the intangible asset, an impairment
charge would be recorded to reduce the intangible asset to its fair value. The cash flow projections are based upon a number of
assumptions, including future sales levels and future cost of goods and operating expense levels, as well as economic conditions,
changes to our business model or changes in consumer acceptance of our products which are more subjective in nature. We believe
that the assumptions we have made in projecting future cash flows for the evaluations described above are reasonable and currently
no impairment indicators exist for our intangible assets subject to amortization. In those cases where we determine that the useful
life of long-lived assets should be shortened, we would amortize the net book value in excess of the salvage value (after testing
for impairment as described above), over the revised remaining useful life of such asset thereby increasing amortization expense. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

In determining the useful life of our Lanvin
brand names and trademarks, we applied the provisions of ASC topic 350-30-35-3. The only factor that prevented us from determining
that the Lanvin brand names and trademarks were indefinite life intangible assets was Item c.  Any legal, regulatory, or
contractual provisions that may limit the useful life.  The existence of a repurchase option in 2025 may limit the useful
life of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks to the Company. However, this limitation would only take effect if the repurchase
option were to be exercised and the repurchase price was paid. If the repurchase option is not exercised, then the Lanvin brand
names and trademarks are expected to continue to contribute directly to the future cash flows of our Company and their useful life
would be considered to be indefinite. 

With respect to the application of ASC topic
350-30-35-8, the Lanvin brand names and trademarks would only have a finite life to our Company if the repurchase option were exercised,
and in applying ASC topic 350-30-35-8, we assumed that the repurchase option is exercised. When exercised, Lanvin has an obligation
to pay the exercise price and the Company would be required to convey the Lanvin brand names and trademarks back to Lanvin. The
exercise price to be received (Residual Value) is well in excess of the carrying value of the Lanvin brand names and trademarks,
therefore no amortization is required. 

Derivatives   

We account for derivative financial instruments
in accordance with ASC topic 815, which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments, including certain
derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and for hedging activities. This topic also requires the recognition of
all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet and that they are measured at fair value. 

We currently use derivative financial instruments
to hedge certain anticipated transactions and interest rates, as well as receivables denominated in foreign currencies. We
do not utilize derivatives for trading or speculative purposes. Hedge effectiveness is documented, assessed and monitored
by employees who are qualified to make such assessments and monitor the instruments. Variables that are external to us such
as social, political and economic risks may have an impact on our hedging program and the results thereof.  

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Income Taxes   

The Company accounts for income taxes using
an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
consequences of events that have been recognized in its financial statements or tax returns. The net deferred tax assets assume
sufficient future earnings for their realization, as well as the continued application of currently anticipated tax rates. Included
in net deferred tax assets is a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, where management believes it is more-likely-than-not
that the deferred tax assets will not be realized in the relevant jurisdiction. If the Company determines that a deferred
tax asset will not be realizable, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset will result in a reduction of net income at that time.
In addition, the Company follows the provisions of uncertain tax positions as addressed in ASC topic 740. 

Results of Operations  

Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 as
Compared to the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Net Sales   

 (In millions) 

Net sales for the three months ended September
30, 2016 increased 13.4% to $157.6 million, as compared to $138.9 million for the corresponding period of the prior year. At comparable
foreign currency exchange rates, net sales increased 14.8%. Net sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased 10.3%
to $386.3 million, as compared to $350.2 million for the corresponding period of the prior year. At comparable foreign currency
exchange rates, net sales increased 11.0% for the period. 

European based product sales increased 12.0% and 10.9% for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods of the prior year. At comparable foreign currency exchange rates,
net sales increased 13.7% and 11.8% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding
periods of the prior year. The debut of our signature  Coach  women s scent exceeded initial expectations generating
$13.8 million in incremental sales. The global rollout began in July of this year, primarily in the U.S., and will continue into
2017. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, Montblanc, our largest brand, generated sales of $32.9 million and
$94.3 million, respectively, representing an increase of 11% and 23%, as compared to the corresponding periods of the prior year.
The successful launch of Montblanc  Legend Spirit  and the continued popularity of the original  Legend  line were important
contributors to brand sales. With the successful integration of Rochas, that brand s fragrance sales more than doubled from
last year s third quarter and aggregated $22.3 million so far in 2016, based upon strong demand for the  Eau de Rochas 
and  Rochas Man  lines in Spain and France. Our second largest brand, Jimmy Choo, generated sales of $27.3 million and $70.7
million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $33.7 million and $70.7 million for
the corresponding periods of the prior year. Despite a very difficult comparison due to the third quarter 2015 initial launch of
Jimmy Choo  Illicit , we were pleased with the overall performance of the main lines  Jimmy Choo , Jimmy Choo  Man 
and Jimmy Choo  Illicit . Lanvin fragrances sales increased 1% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 but were down
13% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding periods of the prior year. Third quarter 2016
Lanvin product sales were boosted by the launch of the  Modern Princess  line in the French market. The international rollout
for  Modern Princess  is planned for 2017. Lanvin product sales continue to be affected by the economic slowdowns in its two
flagship markets of Russia and China. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

United States based product sales increased
19.0% and 8.0% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods of
the prior year. International distribution of our first new Abercrombie   Fitch men s scent,  First Instinct , and
the Hollister duo,  Wave , were major contributors to our top line growth for the three and nine month ended September 30,
2016. For the remainder of 2016, distribution of these new scents will continue to roll out to additional international markets.
Dunhill, which launched its  Icon  fragrance line in the first quarter of 2015, continues to be a consistent top performing
brand with sales up 12% and 6% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding
periods of the prior year. 

We maintain confidence in our future as
we have strengthened advertising and promotional investments supporting portfolio brands and accelerated brand development. Our
expectations reflect plans to continue to build upon the strength of our brands and our worldwide distribution network. For the
remainder of 2016, for our European operations we expect most of the growth to come from our newest brands, Coach and Rochas. We
have already ramped up our distribution network for our current Rochas product lines while we prepare for a new Rochas product
line for 2017. For our U.S. operations, we also expect our newest brands Abercrombie   Fitch and Hollister, to lead our growth
story. Lastly, we hope to benefit from our strong financial position to potentially acquire one or more brands, either on a proprietary
basis or as a licensee. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, we continued to feel the effect of negative market conditions in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and China, while Western
Europe and North America continue to perform well. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Gross profit margin was 60% and 62% of net
sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 62% and 61% for the corresponding periods of
the prior year. For European operations, gross profit margin was 64% and 66% for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, as compared to 65% and 64% for the corresponding periods of the prior year. The gross profit margin increase for European
operations for the nine month period is primarily the result of increased product sales, much of which was through our distribution
subsidiaries that sell product directly to retailers. In addition to increased sales of Montblanc, Jimmy Choo and Coach products
sold through our United States distribution subsidiary, the Rochas brand was also a major contributor as its sales are concentrated
in France and Spain, both of which are countries where we distribute directly to retailers. The small decline for the three month
period reflects the higher concentration in sales of lower margin giftsets for the holiday season. 

We carefully monitor movements in foreign
currency exchange rates as over 40% of our European based operations net sales are denominated in U.S. dollars, while most of our
costs are incurred in euro. From a margin standpoint, a strong U.S. dollar has a positive effect on our gross profit margin while
a weak U.S. dollar has a negative effect. The average dollar/euro exchange rate for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 was 1.12 for both periods, as compared to 1.11 for both corresponding periods of the prior year. Therefore currency fluctuation
has not had any significant impact on our gross profit margins in 2016. 

For U.S. operations, gross profit margin
was 47% and 49% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 50% for both corresponding
periods of the prior year. The decline for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 is also primarily the result of a
significantly higher concentration in sales of lower margin giftsets for the holiday season. 

Generally, we do not bill customers for
shipping and handling costs, and such costs, which aggregated $1.7 million and $3.9 million for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $1.3 million and $3.6 million for the corresponding periods of the prior
year, are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. As such, our Company s
gross profit may not be comparable to other companies, which may include these expenses as a component of cost of goods sold. 

INTER PARFUMS,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Selling, general and administrative expenses
increased 7% and 14% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding periods
of the prior year. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 40% and 46% of net sales for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to 42% and 45% for the corresponding periods of the prior year. For European operations, selling,
general and administrative expenses increased 7% and 16% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared
to the corresponding periods of the prior year and represented 41% and 48% of sales for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, as compared to 43% and 46% for the corresponding periods of the prior year. For U.S. operations, selling, general and
administrative expenses were 34% and 40% of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 38% and
40% for the corresponding periods of the prior year. 

Promotion and advertising represented 13%
and 16% of net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 15% for both corresponding
periods of the prior year. Although for both European and U.S. operations, promotional spending as a percentage of sales was down
slightly for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to the corresponding period of the prior year, for the current
nine month period, promotional spending is running ahead of the same period of 2015. Promotion and advertising included in selling,
general and administrative expenses aggregated $20.8 million and $61.9 million for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016, respectively, as compared to $21.2 million and $51.4 million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. We have significant
promotion and advertising programs underway for the final quarter of 2016, and anticipate that on a full year basis, promotion
and advertising expenditure will aggregate approximately 20% of net sales in 2016. 

Royalty expense included in selling, general
and administrative expenses aggregated $11.1 million and $27.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, as compared to $9.5 million and $25.7 million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. Royalty expense represented
7.0% and 7.2% of net sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to 6.8% and 7.3% of net sales
for the corresponding period of the prior year. Royalty expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 includes $1.2 million,
relating to a June 2015 settlement with Burberry. Overall, royalty expense as a percentage of sales is up slightly representing
an increase in sales of royalty based product lines. 

Service fees relating to the activities
of our distribution subsidiaries aggregated $2.7 million and $7.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
respectively, as compared to $3.8 million and $8.4 million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. The decline is the
result of our U.S. distribution subsidiary, Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc. s 2016 conversion to an in-house sales team
model. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

As a result of the above analysis regarding
net sales, gross profit margins and selling, general and administrative expenses, income from operations increased 17% to $32.3
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $27.6 million for the corresponding period of the prior
year. Income from operations increased 8% to $61.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $56.9 million
for the corresponding period of the prior year. Operating margins were 20.5% and 15.9% of net sales for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 19.9% and 16.3% for the corresponding periods of the prior year. 

Other Income and Expense   

Interest expense aggregated $0.5 million
and $2.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $1.0 million and $1.8
million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. The increase in 2016 is primarily related to the July 2015, financing
of the Rochas brand acquisition. We also use the credit lines available to us, as needed, to finance our working capital needs
as well as our financing needs for brand acquisitions. 

Foreign currency gain or (loss) aggregated
($0.3) and ($0.4) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $0.3 million and
($1.8) million for the corresponding periods of the prior year. Currency exchange rate volatility during the first quarter of 2015
was extremely high. The loss incurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2015, primarily represents losses from intercompany
accounts between our majority owned subsidiary, Interparfums SA, and its other foreign subsidiaries, which were not hedged by the
use of foreign currency forward exchange contracts. We typically enter into foreign currency forward exchange contracts to manage
exposure related to receivables from unaffiliated third parties denominated in a foreign currency and occasionally to manage risks
related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. 

Interest income aggregated $0.8 million
and $2.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to $0.9 million and $2.8 million
for the corresponding periods of the prior year. Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are primarily invested in
certificates of deposit with varying maturities. 

Income Taxes   

As previously reported, the French Tax Authorities
examined the 2012 tax return of Interparfums SA, and in August 2015 issued a $6.9 million tax adjustment. It is the Company s
position that the French Tax Authorities are incorrect in their assessments and the Company believes that it has strong arguments
to support its tax positions. The main issues challenged by the French Tax Authorities related to the commission rate and royalty
rate paid to Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums (Suisse) SARL, respectively. Interparfums Singapore Pte. and Interparfums
(Suisse) SARL are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Interparfums SA. Due to the subjective nature of the issues involved, in April 2016,
Interparfums SA reached an agreement in principle to settle the entire matter with the French Tax Authorities. The settlement requires
Interparfums SA to pay a tax assessment of $1.9 million covering the issues for not only the 2012 tax year, but also covering the
issues for the tax years ended 2013 through 2015. The settlement also includes an agreement as to future acceptable commission
and royalty rates, which is not expected to have a significant impact on cash flow. The settlement, which is subject to formal
documentation with the French Tax Authorities, was accrued as of March 31, 2016. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Excluding the settlement, our effective
income tax rate was 33% and 34% for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 33% for both
corresponding periods of the prior year. The increase for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is primarily the result of
small permanent differences and we expect our effective rate, excluding the settlement, to be approximately 35% for the full year
ended December 31, 2016. Our effective tax rates differ from statutory rates due to the effect of state and local taxes and tax
rates in foreign jurisdictions. 

Net income and earnings per share   

Net income increased 15% to $21.5 million
for the three months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $18.6 million for the corresponding period of the prior year. Net
income increased 3% to $38.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $37.5 million for the corresponding
period of the prior year. The reasons for significant fluctuations in net income for both European operations and United States
operations are directly related to the previous discussions relating to changes in sales, gross margin, selling, general and administrative
expenses and the pending settlement with the French Tax Authorities. As previously discussed, improved gross profit margins in
2016 within our European operations were offset by increased advertising and promotional expenditures. In addition, for our European
operations, net income for the first quarter of 2016 includes the effect of the $1.9 million pending income tax settlement with
the French Tax Authorities. For United States operations, in summary, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 sales increased
8% while gross margins were down 1% and selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8%, as compared to the corresponding
period of the prior year. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

The noncontrolling interest arises from
our 73% owned subsidiary, Interparfums SA, which is also a publicly traded company as 27% of Interparfums SA shares trade on the
NYSE Euronext. The noncontrolling interest is also affected by the profitability of Interparfums SA s 51% owned distribution
subsidiaries in Germany and Spain. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest aggregated 28% and 27% of European operations 
net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively, as compared to 27% for both corresponding periods
of the prior year. 

Adjusted Net Income Attributable
to Inter Parfums, Inc.   

Adjusted Net Income Attributable to Inter
Parfums, Inc., is deemed a  non-GAAP financial measure  under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This non-GAAP measure is calculated using GAAP amounts derived from our consolidated financial statements. Adjusted net income
attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. has limitations and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net income,
operating income, cash flow from operations or other consolidated income or cash flow data prepared in accordance with GAAP. Because
not all companies use identical calculations, this presentation of adjusted income may not be comparable to a similarly titled
measure of other companies. 

Adjusted Net Income Attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc.
Reconciliation   

Adjusted net income attributable to Inter
Parfums, Inc. is defined as net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc., plus the pending nonrecurring tax settlement, net of
the portion of the settlement attributable to the noncontrolling interest. We believe that certain investors consider adjusted
net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. a useful means of evaluating our financial performance. The following table provides
a reconciliation of net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. to adjusted net income attributable to Inter Parfums, Inc. for
the period indicated. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company s financial position remains
strong. At September 30, 2016, working capital aggregated $351 million and we had a working capital ratio of almost 3.7 to 1. Cash
and cash equivalents and short-term investments aggregated $214 million, most of which is held in euro by our European operations
and is readily convertible into U.S. dollars. We have not had any liquidity issues to date, and do not expect any liquidity issues
relating to cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by our European operations. Approximately 88% of the Company s
total assets are held by European operations and approximately $192 million of trademarks, licenses and other intangible assets
are held by European operations. 

The Company hopes to benefit from its strong
financial position to potentially acquire one or more brands, either on a proprietary basis or as a licensee. Opportunities for
external growth continue to be examined, with the priority of maintaining the quality and homogeneous nature of our portfolio.
However, we cannot assure you that any new license or acquisition agreements will be consummated. 

Cash used in operating activities aggregated
$12.6 million and $12.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, working capital items used $57.0 million in cash from operating activities, as compared to $57.5 million
in the 2015 period. The most significant fluctuation for both periods relates to increases in accounts receivables as of the end
of September as compared to that at the end of December. This is expected and reflects the seasonality in our business whereby
sales in the third quarter are significantly higher than those in the fourth quarter. Collection activity remains strong as day s
sales outstanding is 85 days as of September 30, 2016, as compared to 86 days for the corresponding period of the prior year. We
continue to monitor collection activities actively and adjust customer credit limits as needed. Inventory levels are up approximately
25% from year end and reflect levels needed to support second half sales including our new product launches. 

Cash flows used in investing activities in 2016 reflect the purchase and sales, in our European operations,
of short-term investments. These investments are primarily certificates of deposit with maturities greater than three months. Approximately
$84 million of such certificates of deposit contain penalties where we would forfeit a portion of the interest earned in the event
of early withdrawal. 

Our business is not capital intensive as
we do not own any manufacturing facilities. However, on a full year basis, we spend approximately $4.0 million on tools and molds,
depending on our new product development calendar. Capital expenditures also include amounts for office fixtures, computer equipment
and industrial equipment needed at our distribution centers. 

In connection with the 2015 acquisition of the Rochas brand, we entered into a 5-year term loan payable
in equal quarterly installments of  5.0 million (approximately $5.5 million) plus interest. In order to reduce exposure to
rising variable interest rates, the Company entered into a swap transaction effectively exchanging the variable interest rate to
a fixed rate of approximately 1.2%. The swap is a derivative instrument and is therefore recorded at fair value and changes in
fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

Our short-term financing requirements are
expected to be met by available cash on hand at September 30, 2016, cash generated by operations and short-term credit lines provided
by domestic and foreign banks. The principal credit facilities for 2016 consist of a $20.0 million unsecured revolving line of
credit provided by a domestic commercial bank and approximately $28.0 million in credit lines provided by a consortium of international
financial institutions. There were no short-term borrowings outstanding as of both September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. 

In January 2016, the Board of Directors authorized a 15% increase in the annual dividend to $0.60 per
share and in October 2016, the Board authorized an additional 13% increase in the annual dividend to $0.68 per share. The next
quarterly cash dividend of $0.17 per share is payable on January 13, 2017 to shareholders of record on December 30, 2016. Dividends
paid also include dividends paid once per year to the noncontrolling shareholders of Interparfums SA, which aggregated $4.9 million
and $3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The annual cash dividend represents a small
part of our cash position and is not expected to have any significant impact on our financial position. 

We believe that funds provided by or used
in operations can be supplemented by our present cash position and available credit facilities, so that they will provide us with
sufficient resources to meet all present and reasonably foreseeable future operating needs. 

Inflation rates in the U.S. and foreign
countries in which we operate did not have a significant impact on operating results for the six months ended September 30, 2016. 

Item 3:    QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
RISK  

General  

We address certain financial exposures through
a controlled program of risk management that primarily consists of the use of derivative financial instruments. We primarily enter
into foreign currency forward exchange contracts in order to reduce the effects of fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates.
We do not engage in the trading of foreign currency forward exchange contracts or interest rate swaps. 

Foreign Exchange Risk Management   

We periodically enter into foreign currency
forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure related to receivables denominated in a foreign currency and to manage risks related
to future sales expected to be denominated in a currency other than our functional currency. We enter into these exchange contracts
for periods consistent with our identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign
exchange rate movements on the receivables and cash flows of Interparfums SA, our French subsidiary, whose functional currency
is the euro. All foreign currency contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries and are with large financial
institutions, which are rated as strong investment grade. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES     

All derivative instruments are required
to be reflected as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet measured at fair value. Generally, increases or decreases
in fair value of derivative instruments will be recognized as gains or losses in earnings in the period of change. If the derivative
is designated and qualifies as a cash flow hedge, then the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument will be recorded
in other comprehensive income. 

Before entering into a derivative transaction
for hedging purposes, we determine that the change in the value of the derivative will effectively offset the change in the fair
value of the hedged item from a movement in foreign currency rates. Then, we measure the effectiveness of each hedge throughout
the hedged period. Any hedge ineffectiveness is recognized in the income statement. 

At September 30, 2016, we had foreign currency
contracts in the form of forward exchange contracts in the amount of approximately U.S. $16.9 million, GB  7.2 million
and JPY  80 million which all have maturities of less than one year. We believe that our risk of loss as the result of nonperformance
by any of such financial institutions is remote. 

Interest Rate Risk Management  

We mitigate interest rate risk by monitoring
interest rates, and then determining whether fixed interest rates should be swapped for floating rate debt, or if floating rate
debt should be swapped for fixed rate debt. We entered into an interest rate swap in June 2015 on  100 million of debt, effectively
exchanging the variable interest rate to a fixed rate of approximately 1.2%. This derivative instrument is recorded at fair value
and changes in fair value are reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 

Item 4.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q (the  Evaluation Date ).
Based on their review and evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the Evaluation
Date, our Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that occurred during the
quarterly period covered by this report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES      

Part II. Other Information  

Items 1. Legal Proceedings, 1A. Risk Factors, 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds, 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities, 4. Mine Safety Disclosures and 5. Other Information,
are omitted as they are either not applicable or have been included in Part I. 

Item 6.    Exhibits.  

The following documents are filed herewith: 

Exhibit No.  
      Description  
      Page Number   

31.1  
      Certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a) of Chief Executive Officer  
      34   

31.2  
      Certifications required by Rule 13a-14(a) of Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  
      35   

32.1  
      Certification required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of Chief Executive Officer  
      36   

32.2  
      Certification required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer  
      37   

101  
      Interactive data files  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized
on the 8th day of November 2016. 

INTER PARFUMS, INC.    

By:  
      /s/ Russell Greenberg   

Executive Vice President and   

Chief Financial Officer   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451593_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

   CERTIFICATIONS   

I, Jean Madar, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inter
Parfums, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Jean Madar   
 Jean Madar,   

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451593_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

I, Russell Greenberg, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Inter
Parfums, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based upon such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth quarter in case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2016 

/s/ Russell Greenberg   
Russell Greenberg 
Chief Financial Officer and 

 Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451593_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION  

The undersigned
hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his
capacity as an officer of Inter Parfums, Inc., that the Quarterly Report of Inter Parfums, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 3 0 , 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operation of Inter Parfums, Inc.   

Date: November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Jean Madar   

Jean Madar,   

Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Inter Parfums, Inc. and will be retained by Inter Parfums, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451593_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2  

  CERTIFICATION  

The undersigned
hereby certifies, in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his
capacity as an officer of Inter Parfums, Inc., that the Quarterly Report of Inter Parfums, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended
September 3 0 , 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operation of Inter Parfums, Inc.   

Date: November 8, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Russell Greenberg   

Russell Greenberg   

Chief Financial Officer and   

Principal Accounting Officer   

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Inter Parfums, Inc. and will be retained by Inter Parfums, Inc. and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 ipar-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 ipar-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 ipar-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 ipar-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 ipar-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 ipar-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

