<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1590565_0001493152-16-015306_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2291790</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62802</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>155760</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>444743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002015</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>574049</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>40</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015306.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161121122051
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590565
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				463366428
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-192272
		FILM NUMBER:		162009670

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT B, 5/F, CKK COMMERCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		289 HENNESSY ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-2845 2281

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT B, 5/F, CKK COMMERCIAL CENTRE
		STREET 2:		289 HENNESSY ROAD
		CITY:			WANCHAI
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	I IN THE SKY INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	I IN THE SKY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131030

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015306.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10 Q   

(Mark
One)  

For
the quarterly period ended: September 30, 2016  

For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________  

Commission
File Number: 333-192272  

ASIA
EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC.    

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

Nevada   
         
       46-3366428    
 
      (State
    or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)  
         
      (I.R.S.
    Employer  
Identification No.)   

Unit
B, 5/F, CKK Commercial Centre   

   289
Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong   

  (Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code)  

+852-2845
2281    

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer [  ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

The
number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of November 18, 2016 is as follows:  

ASIA
EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC.    

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART I  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
       Financial Statements .  
         
      3   
 
      Item
    2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   
         
      15   
 
      Item
    3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   
         
      19   
 
      Item
    4.   
       Controls and Procedures.   
         
      19   

PART II  
OTHER INFORMATION    

Item
    1.   
       Legal Proceedings.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    1A.   
       Risk Factors.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    5.   
       Other Information.   
         
      21   
 
      Item
    6.   
       Exhibits.   
         
      21   

PART
I  

   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.   

ASIA
EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   CONDENSED
INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   FOR
THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   

ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE
GROUP, INC.  

 (Successor of Asia Equity
Exchange Group Company Limited) 

 Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE
GROUP, INC.  

 (Successor of Asia Equity
Exchange Group Company Limited) 

 Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE
GROUP, INC.  

 (Successor of Asia Equity
Exchange Group Company Limited) 

 Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes
to the condensed consolidated financial statements 

ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE
GROUP, INC.  

 (Successor of Asia Equity
Exchange Group Company Limited) 

 Notes to the Condensed
Consolidated Financial Statements 

 (Unaudited) 

NOTE 1   ORGANIZATION AND PRINCIPAL
ACTIVITIES  

Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc. (the  Company 
or  AEEX ) is a Nevada corporation incorporated on July 15, 2013, under the name  I In The Sky, Inc.  ( SYYF ).
The Company filed a name change to AEEX with the state of Nevada on July 22, 2015. It is based in Hong Kong, the People s
Republic of China. The accounting and reporting policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, and the Company s fiscal year ends on December 31. 

The Company s original business plan
was to manufacture and market low cost GPS tracking devices and software to businesses and families. However this business was
not successful and the Company had no revenues generated from its business until April 12, 2016 when it completed the reverse acquisition
of Asia Equity Exchange Group Company Limited ( AEEGCL ). 

On November 30, 2015, the Company executed
a Sale and Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) to acquire 100% of the shares and assets of AEEGCL (the  Acquisition ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued one billion (1,000,000,000) shares of common stock to the owners of AEEGCL.
The Company had a total of 146,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to Closing. After the Closing, the
Company had a total of 1,146,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding, with the AEEGCL Stockholders owning 87.3% of the total
issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

The Closing of the transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement took place on April 12, 2016 ( Closing ). As a result, AEEGCL became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company and AEEGCL s former shareholders own the majority of the Company s voting stock. The Company s
previous business plan was terminated and the Company is currently engaged in the business of AEEGCL. 

AEEGCL is a company incorporated under the
laws of Samoa on May 29, 2015. It offers an international equity assistance and information service platform designed to provide
listing assistance services, equity investment financing information and public relationship services to enterprises in Asia, mainly
in China. AEEGCL owns 100% of AEEX (HK) International Finance Service Limited (formerly known as Yinfu International Enterprise
Limited,  AEEX HK ), a Hong Kong corporation incorporated on December 22, 2014. AEEX HK owns 100% of Yinfu Guotai Investment
Consultant (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. ( Yinfu ), a corporation incorporated in the People s Republic of China (the  PRC )
on April 15, 2015. Both AEEX HK and Yinfu are engaged in the provision of investment and corporate management consultancy services. 

The acquisition of AEEGCL and its subsidiaries
by the Company was accounted for as a reverse merger because on a post-merger basis, the former shareholders of AEEGCL held a majority
of the outstanding common stock of the Company on a voting and fully-diluted basis. As a result, AEEGCL is deemed to be the acquirer
for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statement data presented are those of AEEGCL, recorded at the
historical basis of AEEGCL, for all periods prior to the Company s acquisition of AEEGCL on April 12, 2016, and the financial
statements of the historical operations of the consolidated companies from the effective date of the Closing. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation   

The interim condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S.
GAAP ). 

The interim condensed consolidated financial
information as of September 30, 2016 and for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared
without audit, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain information and footnote disclosures, which are normally
included in consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have not been included. These unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements of AEEGCL
for the period ended December 31, 2015, which are included in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 31, 2016. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments
(which include all significant normal and recurring adjustments) necessary to present a fair statement of the Company s interim
condensed consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2016, its interim condensed consolidated results of operations and
cash flows for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, as applicable, have been made. The interim results
of operations are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full fiscal year or any future periods. 

Basis of Consolidation   

The consolidated financial statements include
the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the
Company have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the reported amounts for certain revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith estimates and judgments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks,
money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily
convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. 

Intangible assets   

Intangible assets consist of computer software
and are recorded at cost. Amortization is calculated using the straight line method over the estimated useful life of the computer
software, which is 5 years. 

Property, plant and equipment   

Property, plant and equipment are recorded
at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The useful lives
are as follows: 

Office equipment  
       
      5 years   
 
      Motor vehicles  
       
      5 years   

Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations
as incurred. Expenditures which substantially increase the useful lives of the related assets are capitalized. When properties
are disposed of, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reported
in the period the transaction takes place. 

Impairment of long-lived assets   

The long-lived assets held and used by the
Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may
not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result of technology or other industry
changes. Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to future
net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized
is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. During the periods presented, the Company
did not impair any plant and equipment. 

Income tax   

The Company accounts for income taxes under
the provisions of ASC Topic 740  Accounting for Income Taxes.  Under ASC Topic 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. 

The provision for income tax is based on the
results for the period as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have
been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred tax is accounted for using the balance sheet liability
method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the
financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred tax
liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it
is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. 

Deferred income taxes are calculated at the
tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged
or credited in the income statement, except when it related to items credited or charged directly to equity, in which case the
deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied
by the same taxation authority and the Company intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis. 

ASC Topic 740 also prescribes a more-likely-than-not
threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken, or for one expected to be taken, in a tax
return. ASC Topic 740 also provides guidance related to, among other things, classification, accounting for interest and penalties
associated with tax positions, and disclosure requirements. Any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits
will be recorded as tax expense. 

Fair value of financial instruments   

The Company follows
ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,   which defines fair value as the exchange price that would
be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset
or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure
fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. A fair value hierarchy based
on three levels of inputs, of which the first two are considered observable and the last is considered unobservable, is used to
measure fair value: 

Level 1:  
      Valuations for assets and liabilities traded in active markets from readily available pricing sources such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   

Level 2:  
      Observable inputs (other than Level 1 quoted prices) such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets that are not active for identical or similar assets or liabilities, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.   

Level 3:  
      Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to determining the fair value of the assets or liabilities, including pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies and similar techniques.   

The carrying values
of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, balances with directors and related parties, other receivables
and other payables approximate their fair value due to the short maturities of these financial instruments. The Company did not
have financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30, 2016 or December
31, 2015. 

Revenue recognition   

The Company recognizes revenue from the sale
of products and services in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue will be recognized only when all
of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence for an agreement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been provided,
the price or fee is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. 

Earnings per share   

The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260,   Earnings
per Share,   ( EPS ) which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all
entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation.
In the accompanying financial statements, basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number
of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there was no dilutive
security outstanding. 

Comprehensive income   

Comprehensive income is defined to include
all changes in equity except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Among other disclosures, all
items that are required to be recognized under current accounting standards as components of comprehensive income are required
to be reported in a financial statement that is presented with the same prominence as other financial statements. Comprehensive
income includes net income and the foreign currency translation gain, net of tax. 

Segment reporting   

ASC Topic 280,  Segment Reporting, 
requires use of the  management approach  model for segment reporting. The management approach model is based on the
way a company s management organizes segments within the company for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
Reportable segments are based on products and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in
which management disaggregates a company. Management determined that the Company s operations constitute a single reportable
segment in accordance with ASC 280. The Company operates exclusively in one business segment: the operations of an equity information
service platform designed to provide equity investment financing information to all enterprises in Asia. 

Foreign currency translation   

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
are presented in United States Dollar (USD). The functional currency of the Company is USD. The functional currency of AEEGCL,
AEEX HK and Yinfu are USD, Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) and Renminbi (RMB), respectively. Capital accounts are translated into USD from
HKD at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange
rates as of balance sheet date. Income and expenditures are translated at the average exchange rate of the period. The translation
rates are as follows: 

Economic and political risk   

The Company s major operations are conducted
in the PRC. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC, as well as the general state of the PRC s
economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Company s major operations in the
PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western
Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic, and legal environment. The Company s
results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures,
and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

Concentration
of credit risk   

Cash includes cash
at banks and demand deposits in accounts maintained with banks within the PRC. Total cash in these banks as of September 30, 2016
amounted to $14,237, none of which is covered by insurance. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to any risks to its cash in bank accounts. 

The Company performs
ongoing credit evaluations of customers and has not experienced any material losses to date. The Company has not experienced any
significant difficulty in collecting its accounts receivable in the past and is not aware of any financial difficulties of its
major customers. 

Net loss per share of common stock   

The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260,   Earnings
per Share,   ( EPS ) which requires presentation of basic EPS on the face of the income statement for all
entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic EPS computation.
In the accompanying financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. 

The Company has no potentially dilutive securities,
such as options or warrants, currently issued and outstanding. 

Advertising costs   

The Company follows ASC 720,   Advertising
Costs,   and expenses costs as incurred. No advertising costs were incurred for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015. 

Related parties   

The Company follows ASC 850,   Related
Party Disclosures,   for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. See note
8. 

Commitments and contingencies   

The Company follows ASC 45020 ,  Loss
Contingencies ,  to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments,
litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount
of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

Recent accounting pronouncements   

Management has considered all recent accounting
pronouncements issued, and believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s financial
statements. 

NOTE 3   GOING CONCERN  

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company has a net
loss of $359,167, and an accumulated deficit of $1,495,192 and a net deficit of $373,947 as of September 30, 2016. The Company
plans to fund the operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund the Company s capital
expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements. Also, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful
in obtaining financing. 

These factors, among others, raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty related to the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. 

NOTE 4   PREPAYMENTS  

The amounts of $14,260 and $23,298 as at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, primarily included prepayments to a third party for consultancy services of $13,572
and $23,298, respectively. 

NOTE 5   INTANGIBLE ASSETS  

Amortization expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $252 and $806, respectively. 

NOTE 6   PLANT AND EQUIPMENT  

Depreciation expense for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016 amounted to $2,848 and $7,987, respectively. Depreciation expense for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 amounted to $827 and $1,361, respectively. 

NOTE 7   OTHER PAYABLES  

NOTE 8   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  

The amount due from a related party of $4,496
as of September 30, 2016 represented a temporary advance to a related company. Mr. Liu Jun, the Company s President and Chief
Executive Officer ( Mr. Liu ) is a supervisor of this related company. The amount is unsecured, interest free and has
no fixed terms of repayment. 

The amount due from a director of $14,284 as
of December 31, 2015 represented a temporary advance to Mr. Liu. The amount was unsecured, interest free and fully repaid in 2016. 

The amount due to a related party of $120,736
as of September 30, 2016 represented advances from a related company. The beneficial holder of a 17.45% equity interest in the
Company is a supervisor of this related company. The amount is unsecured, interest free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

The amount due to a director of $369,830 as
of September 30, 2016 represented advances from Mr. Liu. The amount is unsecured, interest free and has no fixed terms of repayment. 

NOTE 9   EQUITY  

Preferred Stock   

The Company has authorized 1,000,000 preferred
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. The Board of Directors are authorized to divide the authorized shares of Preferred
Stock into one or more series, each of which shall be so designated as to distinguish the shares thereof from the shares of all
other series and classes. As of September 30, 2016, the Company does not have any issued shares of preferred stock and has not
designated any shares for issuance. 

Common Stock   

The Company has authorized 3,000,000,000 common
shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each common share entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter
on which action of the stockholders of the corporation is sought. 

On July 8, 2015, the Board of Directors authorized
a ten for one (10:1) forward stock split, which was effectuated upon the filing of the Company s amended Articles of Incorporation.
The amended Articles of Incorporation were filed with the state of Nevada on July 22, 2015. All relevant information relating to
numbers of shares and per share information have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the forward stock split for all periods
presented. 

Reserve fund   

In accordance with the relevant laws and regulations
in the PRC, the Company s subsidiary in the PRC is required to transfer 10% of their profits after tax to a reserve fund
until the reserve fund reaches 50% of the registered capital of the subsidiary. The reserve fund is non-distributable. 

NOTE 10   PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES  

United States  

The Company is incorporated in the State of
Nevada and is subject to the U.S. federal tax and state statutory tax rates up to 34% and 0%, respectively. No provision for income
taxes in the United States has been made as the Company had no taxable income for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2015 and 2016. 

Hong Kong  

AEEX HK is subject to Hong Kong profits tax
at a rate of 16.5%, and did not have any assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2015 and 2016 and accordingly no provision for Hong Kong profits tax was made in these periods. 

PRC  

Yinfu is a PRC operating company and is subject
to PRC Enterprise Income Tax. Pursuant to the PRC New Enterprise Income Tax Law, Enterprise Income Tax is generally imposed at
a statutory rate of 25%. 

The Company provides for income taxes under
ASC 740,   Income Taxes.   Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and the tax rates
in effect when these differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if
it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015,
the Company had no material unrecognized tax benefits which would favorably affect the effective income tax rates in future periods
and does not believe that there will be any significant increases or decreases of unrecognized tax benefits within the next twelve
months. No interest or penalties relating to income tax matters have been imposed on the Company during the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and no provision for interest and penalties is deemed necessary as of September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015. 

According to the PRC Tax Administration and
Collection Law, the statute of limitations is three years if the underpayment of taxes is due to computational errors made by the
taxpayer or its withholding agent. The statute of limitations extends to five years under special circumstances, which are not
clearly defined. In the case of a related party transaction, the statute of limitations is ten years. There is no statute of limitations
in the case of tax evasion. 

The provision for income taxes differs from
the amounts, which would be provided by applying the statutory income tax rate of 34% to the loss before provision for income taxes
for the following reasons: 

NOTE 11   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

The Company has entered into a lease agreement
for office in Shenzhen, the PRC, with a 3 year term, commencing on April 10, 2016 and expiring on April 9, 2019. The monthly rental
was RMB126,586 for the first year, with a 6% increase for the second year, and a further 7% increase for the third year. In 2016,
the Company also paid rental expenses for the staff quarters in Hong Kong. Total rental expense for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $67,902 and $131,857, respectively. The rental expense is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term
of the lease. 

The total minimum future lease payments are
as follows: 

NOTE 12   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS  

Management has evaluated subsequent events
through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued, and concluded that no subsequent events required disclosure
in the financial statements. 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.   

The
following management s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes
thereto and the other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report. Our financial statements are prepared in U.S.
dollars and in accordance with U.S. GAAP.    

Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements   

In
addition to historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We use words such as  believe, 
 expect,   anticipate,   project,   target,   plan,   optimistic, 
 intend,   aim,   will  or similar expressions which are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements include, among others, those concerning market and industry segment growth; any projections of earnings,
revenue, margins or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations;
any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; as well as all assumptions, expectations, predictions, intentions
or beliefs about future events. You are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance
and involve risks and uncertainties, including those identified in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2015 and Item 2.1 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2016, amended on June 6, July 1 and
July 20, 2016, as well as assumptions, which, if they were to ever materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  

Readers
are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and our other filings with the SEC.
These reports attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and prospects. The forward-looking statements made in this report speak only as of the date hereof and
we disclaim any obligation, except as required by law, to provide updates, revisions or amendments to any forward-looking statements
to reflect changes in our expectations or future events.  

Use
of Terms   

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to:  

Company ,
     we ,  us  and  our  are to the combined business of Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc.,
    a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries;    

AEEGCL 
    are to our Samoa subsidiary, Asia Equity Exchange Group Company Ltd.;    

AEEX
    HK  are to AEEX (HK) International Finance Service Limited (formerly known as Yinfu International Enterprise Limited);   

Yinfu 
    are to Yinfu Guotai Investment Consultant (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd.;   

China 
    and  PRC  are to the People s Republic of China;    

RMB 
    are to Renminbi, the legal currency of China;    

U.S.
    dollar ,  $  and  US$  are to the legal currency of the United States;    

SEC 
    are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission;    

Securities
    Act  are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and    

Exchange
    Act  are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.    

Overview

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 15, 2013, under the name  I In The Sky, Inc.  On July 22, 2015, we
changed the company name to our current name. Our original business plan was to manufacture and market low cost GPS tracking devices
and software to businesses and families. However this business was not successful and we had no revenues generated from our business
until April 12, 2016 when we completed our reverse acquisition of AEEGCL.  

AEEGCL
is a company incorporated under the laws of Samoa on May 29, 2015. Effective November 30, 2015, we executed a Sale and Purchase
Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) to acquire 100% of the shares and assets of AEEGCL, Pursuant to the Purchase
Agreement, we issued one billion (1,000,000,000) shares of common stock to the owners of AEEGCL. The transactions contemplated
by the Purchase Agreement were closed on April 12, 2016. As a result, our previous business plan was terminated and we are currently
engaged in the business of AEEGCL.  

AEEGCL
offers an international equity assistance and information service platform designed to provide member registration services, equity
investment financing information to enterprises in Asia, mainly in China. Currently 15 client companies are registered with us,
and an additional 52 companies are in the process of preparing the necessary documents for registration with us. All companies
currently registered with us are located in China, as are the additional companies in the process.  

Our
member registration services refer to companies seeking to join our equity investment and financing information dissemination
platform. All medium and small-sized enterprises in Asia can apply to register with us, They can distribute their basic information,
project status, financial status and equity structure information through our platform to attract individual investors and investment
institutions all over the world. Our current focus is on helping companies in China which seek financing while we plan to offer
our services in other Asian countries where we can assist with a company s public and investor awareness and investor relationship
needs and financing needs. Where we can, we will assist companies by finding appropriate legal as well as accounting services.
We do not work with companies planning to become SEC reporting companies or that intend to begin trading on U.S. markets.  

AEEGCL
owns 100% of AEEX (HK), a Hong Kong corporation incorporated on December 22, 2014. AEEX HK owns 100% of Yinfu, a corporation incorporated
in the People s Republic of China (the  PRC ) on April 15, 2015. Both AEEX HK and Yinfu are engaged in the provision
of investment and corporate management consultancy services.  

The
acquisition of AEEGCL and its subsidiaries by us was accounted for as a reverse merger because on a post-merger basis, the former
shareholders of AEEGCL held a majority of our outstanding common stock on a voting and fully-diluted basis. As a result, AEEGCL
is deemed to be the acquirer for accounting purposes. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statement data presented are those
of AEEGCL, recorded at the historical basis of AEEGCL, for all periods prior to our acquisition of AEEGCL on April 12, 2016, and
the financial statements of the historical operations of the consolidated companies from the effective date of the Closing.  

Results
of Operations    

Comparison
of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

The
following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage
of net revenues.  

Revenues  .
Our company has generated $507,142 and $225,333 revenues during the three months ended September 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
from the provision of consultancy services in investment and corporate management.  

General
and administrative expenses  . General and administrative expenses decreased to $154,417, or 30% of revenues, for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $208,746, or 93% of revenues, for the same period in 2015, an decrease of $54,329,
or 26%. The decrease was mainly attributed to decreased professional fees.  

Income
tax credit.   No income tax expense was incurred for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.  

Net
(loss) profit  . As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of $8,963 for the three months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to a net profit of $15,679 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Comparison
of Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

The
following tables set forth key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in dollars and as a percentage
of net revenues.  

Revenues  .
Our company has generated $507,142 and $225,333 revenues during the three months ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
from the provision of consultancy services in investment and corporate management.  

General
and administrative expenses  . General and administrative expenses increased to $508,735, or 100% of revenues, for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to $221,401, or 98.% of revenues, for the same period in 2015, an increase of $287,334,
or 130%. We commenced our business in the second half of 2015 and accordingly more staff costs, entertainment and travelling expenses,
office and staff quarters rental expenses were incurred in the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the same
period in 2015.  

Income
tax credit.   Income tax credit was $4,114 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to the overprovision of prior
year income tax, as compared to nil income tax for the same period in 2015.  

Net
(loss) profit  . As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss of $359,167 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
compared to a net profit of $3,024 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

We
have financed our liquidity requirements primarily from funding from Mr. Jun Liu, our President and Chief Executive Officer and
from related party.  

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $28,702. Our total current assets were $47,458 and our
total current liabilities were $501,504, resulting in a net working capital deficiency of $454,046. For the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, we have a net loss of $359,167, and an accumulated deficit of $1,495,192 and a net deficit of $373,947 as
of September 30, 2016. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern.  

We
plan to fund the operations through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund our capital expenditures,
working capital and other cash requirements. Also, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining financing.  

Operating
Activities     

Net
cash used in operating activities was $26,769 in the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash provided by
operating activities of $160,997 in the same period in 2015. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was attributed
to our net loss and an increase in prepayments and deposits, offset by cash advances from Mr. Liu to pay for our operating expenses.  

Investing
Activities     

Net
cash used in investing activities was $82,753 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, as compared to net cash used in investing
activities of $16,499 in the same period of 2015. The increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable
to increase in purchases of property and equipment.  

Financing
Activities     

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we received advances from a related party of $120,736 and advanced $4,496 to a related
party. During the same period in 2015, we advanced $123,198 to a director.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Transactions    

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital
resources that is material to investors.  

Critical
Accounting Policies   

We
prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply judgments.
We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be
important at the time the condensed financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review our accounting policies and
how they are applied and disclosed in our condensed financial statements.  

While
we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our financial
statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material.  

Our
significant accounting policies are described more fully in Note 2 to our accompanying condensed financial statements. We believe
the following accounting policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this Management Discussion
and Analysis.  

Basis
of Presentation    

The
interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  

Basis
of Consolidation    

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of AEEX and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The estimates and judgments will also affect the
reported amounts for certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these good faith
estimates and judgments.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

Cash
and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than
three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are
subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value.  

Property,
plant and equipment    

Property,
plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets. The useful lives are as follows:  

Office
    equipment  
      5
    years   
 
      Motor
    vehicles  
      5
    years   

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Expenditures which substantially increase the useful lives of the related assets
are capitalized. When properties are disposed of, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts
and any gain or loss is reported in the period the transaction takes place.  

Impairment
of long-lived assets    

The
long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become impaired as a result
of technology or other industry changes. Determination of recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying
amount of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets. If such assets are considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of
the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. During
the periods presented, we did not impair any plant and equipment.  

Revenue
recognition    

We
recognize revenue from the sale of products and services in accordance with ASC 605,  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue
will be recognized only when all of the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence for an agreement exists, delivery has
occurred or services have been provided, the price or fee is fixed or determinable, and collection is reasonably assured.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures   

As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under
the supervision of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and
procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating
and implementing possible controls and procedures.  

Management
conducted its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our chief executive officer and our chief
financial officer. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of September 30, 2016 because of the following material
weaknesses that our management identified in our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2016:  

1.  
      Inadequate
    Segregation of Duties: We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures.    

2.  
      Insufficient
    Written Policies   Procedures: We have insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting.
    We have an inadequate financial statement closing process.   

3.  
      We
    do not have independent directors or an audit committee.   

Management
is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) plan to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing
and to assist us with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant
accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) prepare and implement
sufficient written policies and checklists for financial reporting and closing processes.  

We
intend to complete the remediation of the material weaknesses discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance
that we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort
that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote
significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial
measures that we have taken and intend to take may not fully address the material weakness that we have identified, and material
weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we discover such conditions, we intend
to remediate them as soon as practicable. We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation, as needed.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting   

Except
for the matters described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the third quarter
of our fiscal year 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.  

PART
II  

   OTHER
INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
We are currently not aware of any legal proceedings or claims that would require disclosure under Item 103 of Regulation S-K.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time
to time that may harm our business.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None.  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.   

Not
applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

None.  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS.   

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or incorporated by reference:  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:
November 21, 2016  

Asia
    Equity Exchange Group, Inc.   

By:  
       /s/
    Jun Liu    

Jun
    Liu   

Chief
    Executive Officer    

By:    
       /s/
    Wanning Feng    

Wanning
    Feng   

Chief
    Financial Officer    

EXHIBIT
INDEX   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Jun Liu, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Jun Liu   

Jun Liu   

Chief Executive Officer   
(Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATIONS  

I, Wanning Feng, certify that: 

1.  
      I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc.;    

2.  
      Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.  
      Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.  
      I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:    

a)  
      Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)  
      Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

c)  
      Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

d)  
      Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.  
      The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  
      All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and   

b)  
      Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 21, 2016 

/s/ Wanning Feng   

Wanning Feng  

Chief Financial Officer  
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned, Jun Liu, the Chief Executive
Officer of ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this statement this 21 st  day of November, 2016. 

/s/ Jun Liu    

Jun Liu   

Chief Executive Officer    

(Principal Executive Officer)    

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc. and will be retained by Asia Equity Exchange Group,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2  

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350  

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

The undersigned, Wanning Feng, the Chief Financial
Officer of ASIA EQUITY EXCHANGE GROUP, INC. (the  Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The Company s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 (the  Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed
this statement this 21 st  day of November, 2016. 

/s/ Wanning Feng    

Wanning Feng   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)    

A signed original of this written statement
required by Section 906 has been provided to Asia Equity Exchange Group, Inc. and will be retained by Asia Equity Exchange Group,
Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The forgoing certification is being furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to   18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section
18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company,
whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 aeex-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 aeex-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 aeex-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 aeex-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 aeex-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 aeex-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

