<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161027_10-Q_edgar_data_64463_0001003297-16-000863_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2181816</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98095</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>143372</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>581790</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>659651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>502485</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001003297-16-000863.hdr.sgml : 20161027
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161027085514
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001003297-16-000863
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161027
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161027

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000064463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEASURING & CONTROLLING DEVICES, NEC [3829]
		IRS NUMBER:				141462255
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06890
		FILM NUMBER:		161954068

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205
		BUSINESS PHONE:		518-218-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		325 WASHINGTON AVENUE EXTENSION
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12205

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001003297-16-000863.txt : 20161027

10-Q
 1
 mkty10q.htm

form10-qq32016finalclean.htm - Prepared by EDGARX.com 

UNITED STATES   

   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington, D.C. 20549   

    ______________   

   FORM 10-Q   

   ______________   

   x             QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT    
OF 1934   

   For the quarterly period
ended September 30, 2016   

   or   

   o              TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT    
OF 1934   

   For the transition period
from ______________________ to _______________________   

Mechanical Technology, Incorporated   

   (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter)   

  ______________  

325 Washington Avenue
Extension, Albany, New York 12205   

   (Address of principal executive offices)                              
(Zip Code)   

   (518) 218-2550   

   (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
  filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
  Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
  shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
  (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
  days.  Yes    x    No
    o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
  electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every
  Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
  405 of Regulation S-T (   232.405
  of this chapter)     during the
  preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
  required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes     x      No     o  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
  large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a
  smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer, 
   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the
  Exchange Act.   

Large accelerated filer    o       Accelerated filer    o     Non-accelerated filer    o       (Do
  not check if a smaller reporting company)   
    Smaller
  reporting company    x  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
  shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes   o  No   x  

The number of shares of common stock, par value of
  $0.01 per share, outstanding as of October 21, 2016 was 8,998,482.  

MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES   

   INDEX   

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

2   

Item 1. Financial
Statements      
		  2  

Condensed Consolidated
Balance Sheets      

As of September 30,
2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015       
		  
		2  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)

For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and
2015     
		  
		3  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

For the Year Ended December 31, 2015 and the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited )    
		  
		4  

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)    

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
(Unaudited)     
		  
		6  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations      
		  15  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk      
		  21  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures     
		 
		  22  

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

22   

Item 1.                Legal Proceedings     
		 
		  22  

Item 1A.            Risk Factors     
		 
		  22  

Item 2.               Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds      
		  23  

Item 3.               Defaults Upon Senior
Securities      
		  23  

Item 4.               Mine Safety
Disclosures      
		  23  

Item 5.               Other Information     
		 
		  23  

Item 6.               Exhibits     
		 
		  24  

SIGNATURES     
		 
		  25  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

Item 1. Financial Statements     

Mechanical
 Technology, Incorporated and Subsidiaries   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

As of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015    

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

2  

Mechanical Technology, Incorporated and Subsidiaries   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited)      

   For the Three
and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements.  

3  

MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY,
INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES    

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity       

    For
the Year Ended December 31, 2015     

    and
the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited)    

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements.  

4  

MECHANICAL
TECHNOLOGY, INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES   

Condensed
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited)      

   For the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.  

5  

Notes to Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements (Unaudited)    

1.             Nature
of Operations    

     Description
of Business     

  Mechanical Technology,
Incorporated (MTI or the Company), a New York corporation, was incorporated in
1961. The Company s core business is conducted through MTI Instruments, Inc. (MTI Instruments), a wholly-owned subsidiary.   

MTI Instruments was incorporated in New
York on March 8, 2000 and is a supplier of precision linear displacement
solutions, vibration measurement and system balancing systems, and wafer
inspection tools, consisting of electronic gauging instruments for position,
displacement and vibration application within the industrial
manufacturing/production markets, as well as the research, design and process
development market; tensile stage systems for materials testing at academic and
industrial research settings; and engine vibration analysis systems for both
military and commercial aircraft. These tools, systems and solutions are
developed for markets and applications that require the precise measurements
and control of products, processes, and the development and implementation of
automated manufacturing, assembly, and consistent operation of complex
machinery.   

Liquidity; Going Concern    

The Company has historically incurred
significant losses primarily due to its past efforts to fund direct methanol
fuel cell product development and commercialization programs, and had an
accumulated deficit of approximately $120.8 million and working capital of
approximately $1.3 million at September 30, 2016. As of September 30, 2016, we
had no debt and $20 thousand in commitments for capital expenditures.    

Based on the Company s projected cash
requirements for operations and capital expenditures, its available cash of
approximately $886 thousand and our projected cash flows pursuant to
management s plan, management believes it will have adequate resources to fund
operations and capital expenditures for the near term. If cash generated from
operations is insufficient to satisfy operational working capital and capital
expenditure requirements, the Company may be required to obtain credit
facilities to fund these initiatives. Any additional financing, if required,
may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.    

The Company s financial statements have
been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which
assumes the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the
normal course of business. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. If the going concern basis were not appropriate
for these financial statements, adjustments would be necessary in the carrying
value of assets and liabilities, the reported expenses and the balance sheet
classifications used.    

The Company s history of operating cash
flow deficits may raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern
and its continued existence could be dependent upon several factors, including
its ability to raise revenue levels and control costs to generate positive cash
flows and/or to obtain credit facilities. Obtaining credit facilities may be
more difficult as a result of limited access to equity markets and the
tightening of credit markets. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts or the amount of or classification of liabilities that might be
necessary as a result of this uncertainty.    

The Company
believes that the current lack of liquidity and  going concern  opinion   with respect to its audited
financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2015     resulted
primarily from delays in entering into a new agreement with the U.S. Air Force
(as discussed in our Annual Report on Form-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 in Item 7:  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations ) and in an expected product order from Asia that was
not received, as well as the Company s cancellation of its existing lines of
credit on March 24, 2016, as further discussed in Item 7:  Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and
elsewhere in the Annual Report and this Form 10-Q. As previously reported, the
Company entered into the long-anticipated contract with the U.S. Air Force on
July 1, 2016  ,
and started receiving orders thereunder   soon thereafter.  

On October 21, 2016, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV,
LLC (Brookstone), pursuant to which on such date the Company issued and sold
3,750,000 shares of its common stock to Brookstone for an aggregate of
$2,737,500. See Note 13 Subsequent Events and the Company s Form 8-K filed
on October 21, 2016 for more details related to this transaction.  

6  

2. 
           Basis of Presentation    

  In the opinion of management, the
Company s condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments,
which are of a normal recurring nature, necessary for a fair statement of the
results for the periods presented in accordance with United States of America Generally
Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP) and with the instructions to Form
10-Q in Article 10 of the Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) Regulation
S-X.  The results of operations for the interim periods presented are not
necessarily indicative of results for the full year.   

Certain information and footnote
disclosures normally included in the annual consolidated financial statements
prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been condensed or omitted. These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in
conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and
notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2015.  

The information presented in the
accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 has
been derived from the Company s audited consolidated financial statements. All
other information has been derived from the Company s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  

Principles of Consolidation    

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
 MTI Instruments. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in
consolidation.   

The Company records its investment in
MeOH Power, Inc. using the equity method of accounting. The fair value of the
Company s interest in MeOH Power, Inc. has been determined to be $0 as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, based on MeOH Power, Inc. s net position and
expected cash flows. A  s of   September   30, 2016, the Company retained its ownership of
approximately 47.5% of   MeOH Power, Inc. s  
outstanding common stock, or 75,049,937 shares, and 56.0% of the common stock
and warrants issued, which includes 31,904,136 warrants outstanding.          

3.             Accounts
Receivable    

  Accounts
receivables consist of the following at:  

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, the largest commercial customer represented 9.7% and 6.4%,
respectively, and the largest governmental agency customer represented 16.2%
and 5.2%, respectively, of the Company s product revenue. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the largest commercial receivable represented 25.8%
and 13.8%, respectively, and the largest governmental receivable represented 7.1%
and 1.6%, respectively, of the Company s accounts receivable.    

4.             Inventories    

  Inventories
consist of the following at:  

7  

5.             Property,
Plant and Equipment    

  Property, plant and equipment consist of the following at:  

Depreciation expense was $64
thousand and $80 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the
year ended December 31, 2015, respectively.   

6.                   Income Taxes    

  The
Company s effective income tax rate was 0% for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016. The projected annual effective tax rate is less than the
Federal statutory rate of 34%, primarily due to permanent differences, the
change in the valuation allowance and changes to estimated taxable income for
2016. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company s
effective income tax rate was 2.2% and 1.9%, respectively. Income tax expense was
$1 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and related
to the payment of prior and current year state tax expenses. Income tax expense
of $13 thousand and $23 thousand for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2015, respectively, related to payment of prior and current year federal
and state tax expenses.   

  The Company
provides for recognition of deferred tax assets if the realization of such
assets is more likely than not to occur in accordance with accounting standards
that address income taxes. Significant management judgment is required in
determining the period in which the reversal of a valuation allowance should
occur. The Company has considered all available evidence, both positive and
negative, such as historical levels of income and future forecasts of taxable
income amongst other items, in determining its valuation allowance. In
addition, the Company s assessment requires us to schedule future taxable
income in accordance with accounting standards that address income taxes to
assess the appropriateness of a valuation allowance which further requires the
exercise of significant management judgment.   

  Although the
Company expects to generate levels of pre-tax earnings in the future, the
Company decided to re-establish a full valuation allowance at December 31, 2015
for its deferred tax assets. This decision was based upon actual results
differing from those estimates used as a basis for the previous partial
valuation of the deferred tax asset.   

  The Company
believes that the accounting estimate for the valuation of deferred tax assets
is a critical accounting estimate, because judgment is required in assessing
the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our
financial statements or tax returns. The Company based the estimate of deferred
tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and, in certain cases,
business plans and other expectations about future outcomes. In the event that
actual results differ from these estimates or the Company adjusts these
estimates in future periods, the Company may need to adjust the recorded
valuation allowance, which could materially impact our financial position and
results of operations. The valuation allowance was $18.5 million at September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.   We will continue to
evaluate the ability to realize our deferred tax assets and related valuation
allowance on a quarterly basis.  

7.             Stockholders 
Equity     

    Common Stock    

The Company has one class of
common stock, par value $.01.  Each share of the Company s common stock is
entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to stockholders.  As of   September   30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 5,248,482 and 5,258,883
shares of common stock, respectively, issued and outstanding.   

8  

Treasury Stock    

On June 11, 2015,
the Company s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to 525,000
shares of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. The Company
previously entered into a stock purchase plan with a registered broker-dealer
in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the  Exchange Act ), pursuant to which the broker-dealer had authority
to purchase shares on the Company s behalf pursuant to the Board s
authorization. Following the termination of the Company s credit lines,
discussed in Note 9 below, the Company terminated the stock repurchase plan with
the broker-dealer effective March 24, 2016. During 2016, 10,401 shares of
common stock were repurchased by the Company.   As of   September   30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were 1,015,493 and
1,005,092 shares, respectively, held in treasury.  

    Reservation of Shares    

  The Company had reserved common shares for future
issuance as follows as of   September   30,
2016:  

Income
(Loss) per Share    

  The Company computes basic income (loss)
per common share by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted income (loss)
per share reflects the potential dilution, if any, computed by dividing income
(loss) by the combination of dilutive common share equivalents, comprised of
shares issuable under outstanding investment rights, warrants and the Company s
share-based compensation plans, and the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding during the reporting period. Dilutive common share
equivalents include the dilutive effect of in-the-money stock options, which
are calculated based on the average share price for each period using the
treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method, the exercise price of a
stock option, the amount of compensation cost, if any, for future service that
the Company has not yet recognized, and the amount of windfall tax benefits
that would be recorded in additional paid-in capital, if any, when the stock
option is exercised are assumed to be used to repurchase shares in the current
period.   

Not included in the computation of
earnings per share, assuming dilution, for the nine months ended September 30,
2016, were options to purchase 1,175,500 shares of the Company s common stock.
These potentially dilutive items were excluded because the Company incurred a
loss during the period and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Not included
in the computation of earnings per share, assuming dilution, for the three
months ended September 30, 2016, were options to purchase 669,500 shares,
respectively of the Company s common stock. These potentially dilutive items
were excluded even though the average market price of the common stock exceeded
the exercise prices for a portion of the options because the calculation of
incremental shares resulted in an anti-dilutive effect.   

Not included in the computation of
earnings per share, assuming dilution, for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2015, were options to purchase 939,064 shares of the Company s
common stock. These potentially dilutive items were excluded because the
Company incurred a loss during the periods and their inclusion would be
anti-dilutive.  

8.             Commitments and
Contingencies   

   Commitments:   

    Leases    

  The Company and
its subsidiary lease certain manufacturing, laboratory and office facilities.
The lease provides for the Company to pay its allocated share of insurance,
taxes, maintenance and other costs of the leased property.   Under the
agreement, MTI Instruments has an option to terminate the lease as of December
1, 2016. If MTI Instruments terminates the lease prior to November 2019, MTI Instruments is required to reimburse the landlord for all unamortized costs that the landlord
incurred for renovations to the leased space in conjunction with the lease
renewal.    

Future
minimum rental payments required under non-cancelable operating leases (with
initial or remaining lease terms in excess of one year) as of September 30,
2016 are: $56 thousand remaining in 2016, $227 thousand in 2017, $221 thousand
in 2018 and $207 thousand in 2019.   

9  

Warranties    

  Product warranty liabilities are included in  Accrued
liabilities  in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Below is a
reconciliation of changes in product warranty liabilities:  

Employment Agreement    

  The Company has an employment agreement
with one employee that provides certain payments upon termination of employment
under certain circumstances, as defined in the agreement. As of September 30,
2016, the Company s potential minimum obligation to this employee was approximately
$71 thousand.    

Contingencies:   

Legal    

We are subject to legal proceedings,
claims and liabilities which arise in the ordinary course of business. When
applicable, we accrue for losses associated with legal claims when such losses
are probable and can be reasonably estimated. These accruals are adjusted as
additional information becomes available or circumstances change. Legal fees
are charged to expense as they are incurred.  

9.             Debt   

During the first quarter of 2016, we
entered into discussions with Bank of America, N.A. (the Bank) to strengthen
the lines of credit and re-align their terms to be more consistent with our
current business plan. During such discussions, the Bank informed the Company
that based on its results for 2015 it was not in compliance with certain
financial covenants of the lines. Since an agreement on new covenants could not
be reached, the Company decided that the lines of credit could not be utilized
and therefore terminated them on March 24, 2016. There were no amounts
outstanding under the credit facilities at the time of cancellation.  

10.          Stock Based Compensation   

During 2016, the
Company granted 261,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock from the
 Mechanical Technology Incorporated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the     2014 Plan),
which generally vest 25% on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of
the award. The exercise price of these options is $0.78 per share and was based
on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.
Using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, the weighted average fair value of
these options is $0.74 per share and was estimated at the date of grant.   

During 2016, the
Company granted 2,000 options to purchase the Company s common stock from the Mechanical
Technology Incorporated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, which generally vest 25% on
each of the first four anniversaries of the date of the award. The exercise
price of these options is $0.78 per share and was based on the closing market
price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Using a Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model, the weighted average fair value of these options is $0.74
per share and was estimated at the date of grant.   

During 2015, the Company granted 140,000
options to purchase the Company s common stock from the 2014 Plan, which
generally vest 25% on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of the
award. The exercise price of these options is $1.20 per share and was based on
the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant.
Using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, the weighted average fair value of
these options is $1.14 per share and was estimated at the date of grant.   

10  

11.          Related Party Transactions   

MeOH Power, Inc.    

As of September 30, 2016, the Company
owned an aggregate of approximately 47.5% of MeOH Power, Inc. s outstanding
common stock, or 75,049,937 shares, and 56.0% of the common stock and warrants
issued, which includes 31,904,136 warrants outstanding. The number of shares of
MeOH Power, Inc. s common stock authorized for issuance is 240,000,000 as of September
30, 2016.  

On December 18, 2013,   MeOH Power, Inc.   and the Company executed a Senior
Demand Promissory Note (the Note) in the amount of $380 thousand to secure the
intercompany amounts due to the Company from   MeOH
Power, Inc.   upon the deconsolidation of   MeOH
Power, Inc.   Interest accrues on the Note at the Prime Rate in effect on
the first business day of the month, as published in the Wall Street Journal.
At the Company s option, all or part of the principal and interest due on this
Note may be converted to shares of common stock of   MeOH
Power, Inc.   at a rate of $0.07 per share. Interest began accruing on
January 1, 2014. The Company recorded a full allowance against the Note. As of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, $273 thousand and $266 thousand, respectively,
of principal and interest are available to convert into shares of common stock
of   MeOH Power, Inc  . Any adjustments to the
allowance are recorded as miscellaneous expense during the period incurred.     

Legal Services    

During the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, the Company paid $9 thousand to Couch White, LLP for legal
services associated with contract review. A partner at Couch White, LLP is an
immediate family member of one of our Board of Directors.  

12.          Recent Accounting
Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective    

  Changes to U.S. GAAP are established by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) in the form of accounting standard
updates (ASUs) to the FASB s Accounting Standards Codification. The Company
considered the applicability and impact of all ASUs. ASUs not mentioned below
were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are expected to
have minimal impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
operations.   

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2014-09 (Revenue from Contracts with Customers   )    to       clarify
the principles for recognizing revenue and to develop a common revenue standard
for GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards. The standard is
principles-based and provides a five-step model to determine when and how
revenue is recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize
revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in
exchange for those goods or services. To achieve that core principle, an entity
should apply the following steps: Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a
customer. Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract. Step 3:
Determine the transaction price. Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations in the contract. Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as)
the entity satisfies a performance obligation. This standard also requires
additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of
revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to
obtain or fulfill a contract. This standard, as amended, will be effective for
the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December
15, 2017. This standard may be applied retrospectively to each prior period presented
or retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognized as of the date of initial
application. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than calendar 2017. This
standard could impact the timing and amounts of revenue recognized. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
(Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern   ),    which requires
management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity s
ability to continue as a going concern and provide related footnote
disclosures. This standard will be effective for the Company for annual and
interim reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is
permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued. This
standard allows for either a full retrospective or modified retrospective
transition method. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this
standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
(Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis), which
changes the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether
it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. This standard became
effective for the Company beginning in the first quarter of 2016. The Company s
adoption of this standard had no impact on its consolidated financial
statements.  

11  

In July 2015,
the FASB issued ASU 2015-11 (Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement
of Inventory), which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in,
first-out (FIFO) or average cost. Under the updated guidance, an entity
should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net
realizable value, which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course
of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and
transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory that is
measured using last-in, last-out (LIFO). This standard will be effective
for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15,
2016, and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the
beginning of an interim or annual reporting period.  The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU
2015-17 (Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred
Taxes) as part of its ongoing simplification initiative, with the objective of
reducing complexity in accounting standards. The amendments in this standard
require entities that present a classified balance sheet to classify all
deferred tax liabilities and assets as a noncurrent amount. This guidance does
not change the offsetting requirements for deferred tax liabilities and assets,
which results in the presentation of one amount on the balance sheet.
Additionally, the amendments in this standard align the deferred income tax
presentation with the requirements in International Accounting Standards (IAS)
1 (Presentation of Financial Statements.) This standard will be effective
for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after
December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this
standard on its consolidated financial statements.  

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-01 (Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities) the main objective of which is
to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of
financial statements with more decision-useful information and address certain
aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial
instruments. This standard will be effective for the Company for annual and interim
reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2017, and early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard but
we do not expect the adoption of it to have a material impact on our
consolidated financial statements.  

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-02 (Leases (Topic 842)) the main objective of which requires lessees to
put most leases on their balance sheet but recognize expenses on their income
statement in a manner similar to current accounting requirements. This standard
will be effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning on or after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. The
Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated
financial statements.  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
2016-09 (Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to
Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting),       which simplifies several
aspects related to the accounting for employee share-based payment
transactions. This standard addresses several aspects of the accounting
for share-based payment award transactions, including: (a) income tax
consequences; (b) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and
(c) classification on the statement of cash flows.   This standard requires
all income tax effects of awards, including excess tax benefits, to be recorded
as income tax expense (or benefit) in the income statement when it arises,
subject to the normal valuation allowance considerations.   All tax-related
cash flows resulting from share-based payments are required to be reported as
operating activities in the statement of cash flows. The updates relating to
the income tax effects of the share-based payments including the cash flow presentation
must be adopted either prospectively or retrospectively.   This standard   also allows
companies to make an accounting policy election to either estimate the number
of awards that are expected to vest or account for forfeitures when they occur.
If an election is made, the change to recognize forfeitures as they occur must
be adopted using a modified retrospective approach with a cumulative effect
adjustment recorded to opening retained earnings. This standard will be
effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements. The Company   expects
the adoption of this standard to impact our provision for income taxes, the
amount of which depends on the vesting activity of our share-based compensation
awards in any given period, and to eliminate the presentation of excess tax
benefits as a financing inflow on our statement of cash flows. Further, we
expect to make an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures of
share-based compensation awards based on an estimate, consistent with our current
practice. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have any other material
impacts on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.  

In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10
(Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying
Performance Obligations and Licensing),       which clarifies the
identification of performance obligations and the licensing implementation
guidance. This standard is expected to reduce the cost and complexity of
applying the guidance on identifying promised goods or services. This
standard will be effective for the Company for annual and interim reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

12  

In August 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-15 (Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of
Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments), which clarifies the treatment of
several cash flow categories. In addition, ASU 2016-15 clarifies that when cash
receipts and cash payments have aspects of more than one class of cash flows
and cannot be separated, classification will depend on the predominant source
or use. This standard will be effective for the Company for annual   and interim
reporting periods  
beginning after December 15, 2017, and early adoption permitted.   The Company is
currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial
statements.  

13.          Subsequent Events    

   Adoption of Rights Plan   

  On October 6, 2016 (the Rights Dividend Declaration Date), the Company s
Board of Directors (the Board) adopted a Section 382 rights plan (the Rights
Plan) and declared a dividend distribution of one Right (as defined below) for
each outstanding share of the Company s common stock to shareholders of record
at the close of business on October 19, 2016.  

  The Board adopted the Rights Plan in an effort to protect against a
possible limitation on the Company s ability to use its net operating loss
carryforwards (NOLs), which totaled approximately $51.0 million as of September
30, 2016. The Company may utilize these NOLs in certain circumstances to
offset future U.S. taxable income and reduce its U.S. federal income tax
liability, which may arise even in periods when the Company incurs an
accounting loss for reporting purposes. The Company s ability to use its
NOLs, however, could be substantially limited if an  ownership change,  as
defined under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the IRC),
occurred.  In general, an ownership change would occur if and when the
percentage of ownership of Company stock by one or more  5-percent shareholders 
(as defined under IRC Section 382) has increased by more than 50 percent at any
time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). These
provisions can be triggered not only by merger and acquisition activity but by
normal market trading as well. The Rights Plan is designed to deter trading
that would result in an ownership change that could lead to the loss of the
NOLs and a resulting reduction in the Company s value.   

  The Rights Plan is intended to act as a deterrent to any person
(together with all affiliates and associates of such person) acquiring
 beneficial ownership  (as defined in the Rights Plan) of 4.99% or more of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock without the approval of the Board (an
Acquiring Person). Shareholders who currently beneficially own 4.99% or
more of the outstanding Common Stock will not be deemed to be an Acquiring
Person unless they acquire one or more additional shares of Common Stock
(unless upon such acquisition they do not beneficially own 4.99% or more of the
Common Stock then outstanding). Pursuant to an amendment to the Rights Plan
dated October 21, 2016,   Brookstone
and its affiliates and associates are exempt from the definition of an
Acquiring Person.  

  On the Rights Dividend Declaration Date, the Board authorized the
issuance of one right (a Right) for each outstanding share of Common Stock to
the Company s shareholders of record at the close of business on October 19,
2016, and each share of Common Stock issued thereafter and prior to the earlier
of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and the expiration of the
Rights. Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights
Plan, if the Rights become exercisable, each Right would represent the right to
purchase from the Company one share of Common Stock at a purchase price of
$5.00 per share (the Purchase Price), subject to adjustment.   

   Initial Exercisability   .  The Rights
are not exercisable until the earlier of (i) ten days after a public
announcement that a person has become an Acquiring Person or, if earlier, the
date a majority of the Board becomes aware of the existence of an Acquiring
Person (a Stock Acquisition Date) and (ii) ten business days (or such later
date as may be determined by the Board) after the commencement of, or the first
public announcement of the intent of any person to commence, a tender or
exchange offer by or on behalf of a person that, if completed, would result in
such person becoming an Acquiring Person. The date that the Rights become
exercisable under the Rights Plan is referred to as the  Distribution Date.    

       Flip-In  Event   .  In the event that a person, other than a
person expressly excluded under the Rights Plan, becomes an Acquiring Person,
each holder of a Right, other than Rights that are or, under certain
circumstances, were beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will
thereupon become void), will from and after the Distribution Date have the
right to receive, upon exercise of a Right and payment of the then current
Purchase Price, a number of shares of Common Stock having a market value of two
times the Purchase Price (unless the transaction that gives rise to the
adjustment discussed herein is a transaction discussed under  Merger, etc. 
immediately below, in which case only the provisions discussed therein apply).   

   Merger, etc   .  If (i) the Company is acquired in a merger or
other business combination transaction where the Company is not the surviving
corporation, (ii) another entity consolidates with or merges into the Company
and the Company is the surviving corporation, and in connection with such
consolidation or merger all or part of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other
entity, cash or any other property, or (iii) the Company sells or transfers
assets constituting more than 50% of its assets, cash flow or earning power,     each holder of a Right will from and after the Distribution Date have
the right to receive, upon exercise of a Right and payment of the then current
Purchase Price, a number of shares of common stock of the acquiring entity (or
equivalent) having a market value of two times the Purchase Price.  
 
 13  

For additional information about the Rights Plan and the
Rights, please see the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016.  

   Sale of
Common Stock to Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC   

On October 21,
2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Brookstone,
pursuant to which on such date the Company issued and sold 3,750,000 shares (the
Shares) of Common Stock to Brookstone for an aggregate of $2,737,500. The
Company also agreed to (i) appoint three persons designated by Brookstone to
the Board, (ii) appoint one of the director designees to the   Compensation Committee of the Board   and
one of the director designees to the Audit Committee and Governance and
Nominating Committee of the Board, (iii) maintain such committee appointments,
(iv) appoint one of such designated directors (or a successor named by
Brookstone) to each Board committee created after October 6, 2016 and maintain
such appointments, and include certain numbers of such designated directors (or
successor named by Brookstone) as nominees recommended by the Board for
election as directors, as long as Brookstone and its affiliates beneficially
own outstanding shares of Common Stock. At any time Brookstone and its
affiliates beneficially own at least 25% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, the Company must include three such Brookstone-designated directors on
its Board and as Board-recommended director nominees. At any time Brookstone
and its affiliates beneficially own at least 10% but less than 25% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Company must include two such
Brookstone-designated directors on its Board and as Board-recommended director
nominees. At any time Brookstone and its affiliates beneficially own any shares
of Common Stock but less than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
the Company must include one such Brookstone-designated director on its Board
and as a Board-recommended director nominee.  

  Immediately
subsequent to the issuance of the Shares, Brookstone owned 41.7% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock.    

  Also on October 21,
2016, the Company and Brookstone entered into a Registration Rights Agreement,
pursuant to which the Company agreed, at any time after December 20, 2016 and
upon the request of holders of at least 25% of the outstanding Shares, to file
a registration statement under the Securities Act to register the resale of the
Shares. The Company also agreed, subject to certain conditions and exclusions,
to include the resale of the Shares in any registration statement that the
Company files under the Securities Act (other than a registration statement on
Form S-4 or Form S-8) upon the request of any holder of Shares. The
Registration Rights Agreement terminates on the earlier of October 21, 2021 or
the date that Brookstone or any permitted assignee or successor of Brookstone
owns less than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.  

14  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

Unless the context requires
otherwise, the terms  we,   us,  and  our  refer to Mechanical Technology,
Incorporated, a New York Corporation, and  MTI Instruments  refers to MTI Instruments, Incorporated, a New York corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiary.    

The following discussion of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes
thereto included in Item 1 of Part I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and
the audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto and
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations for the year ended December 31, 2015 contained in our 2015 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.   

In addition to historical information, the following
discussion contains forward-looking statements, which involve risk and
uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  Important factors that could
cause actual results to differ include those set forth in Part I Item 1A-Risk Factors in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, as filed on
March 30, 2016, and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Readers
should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements
were made and are not guarantees of future performance. Except as may be
required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update any
forward-looking statements after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q. Please see  Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  below.    

Overview    

MTI s
core business is conducted through MTI Instruments, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary.   MTI Instruments is
a supplier of precision linear displacement solutions, vibration measurement
and system balancing solutions, precision tensile measurement systems and wafer
inspection tools, serving markets that require 1) the precise measurements and
control of products and processes in automated manufacturing, assembly, and
consistent operation of complex machinery, 2) metrology tools for semiconductor
and solar wafer characterization, 3) tensile stage systems for materials
testing and precision linear displacement gauges all for use in academic and
industrial research and development settings, and 4) engine balancing and
vibration analysis systems for both military and commercial aircraft.   

We are continuously working on ways to
increase our sales reach, including expanded worldwide sales coverage and
enhanced internet marketing.    

Recent Developments    

Adoption of Shareholder Rights Plan   

  On October 6, 2016 (the  Rights Dividend Declaration Date ), the Company s
Board of Directors adopted a Section 382 rights plan (the  Rights Plan ) and
declared a dividend distribution of one Right (as defined below) for each
outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the  Common
Stock ), of the Company to shareholders of record at the close of business on
October 19, 2016.  

  The Board adopted the Rights Plan in an effort to protect against a
possible limitation on the Company s ability to use its net operating loss
carryforwards ( NOLs ), which totaled approximately $51.0 million as of September
30, 2016. The Company may utilize these NOLs in certain circumstances to
offset future U.S. taxable income and reduce its U.S. federal income tax
liability, which may arise even in periods when the Company incurs an
accounting loss for reporting purposes. The Company s ability to use its
NOLs, however, could be substantially limited if an  ownership change,  as
defined under Section 382 of the IRC, occurred.  In general, an ownership
change would occur if and when the percentage of ownership of Company stock by
one or more  5-percent shareholders  (as defined under IRC Section 382) has
increased by more than 50 percent at any time during the prior three years
(calculated on a rolling basis). These provisions can be triggered not
only by merger and acquisition activity but by normal market trading as well. The
Rights Plan is designed to deter trading that would result in an ownership
change that could lead to the loss of the NOLs and a resulting reduction in the
Company s value.   

  The Rights Plan is intended to act as a deterrent to any person
(together with all affiliates and associates of such person) acquiring
 beneficial ownership  (as defined in the Rights Plan) of 4.99% or more of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock without the approval of the Board (an
 Acquiring Person ). Shareholders who currently beneficially own 4.99% or
more of the outstanding Common Stock will not be deemed to be an Acquiring
Person unless they acquire one or more additional shares of Common Stock
(unless upon such acquisition they do not beneficially own 4.99% or more of the
Common Stock then outstanding). Pursuant to an amendment to the Rights Plan
dated October 21, 2016,   Brookstone
Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC, and its affiliates and associates, are exempt
from the definition of an Acquiring Person.  

15  

On the Rights Dividend Declaration Date, the Board
authorized the issuance of one right (a  Right ) for each outstanding share of
Common Stock to the Company s shareholders of record at the close of business
on October 19, 2016, and each share of Common Stock issued thereafter and prior
to the earlier of the Distribution Date (as defined below) and the expiration
of the Rights. Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights
Plan, if the Rights become exercisable, each Right would represent the right to
purchase from the Company one share of Common Stock at a purchase price of
$5.00 per share (the  Purchase Price ), subject to adjustment   .   

   Initial Exercisability   .  The Rights
are not exercisable until the earlier of (i) ten days after a public
announcement that a person has become an Acquiring Person or, if earlier, the
date a majority of the Board becomes aware of the existence of an Acquiring
Person (a  Stock Acquisition Date ) and (ii) ten business days (or such later
date as may be determined by the Board) after the commencement of, or the first
public announcement of the intent of any person to commence, a tender or
exchange offer by or on behalf of a person that, if completed, would result in
such person becoming an Acquiring Person. The date that the Rights become
exercisable under the Rights Plan is referred to as the  Distribution Date.    

       Flip-In  Event   .  In the event that a
person, other than a person expressly excluded under the Rights Plan, becomes
an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right, other than Rights that are or,
under certain circumstances, were beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person
(which will thereupon become void), will from and after the Distribution Date
have the right to receive, upon exercise of a Right and payment of the then
current Purchase Price, a number of shares of Common Stock having a market
value of two times the Purchase Price (unless the transaction that gives rise
to the adjustment discussed herein is a transaction discussed under  Merger,
etc.  immediately below, in which case only the provisions discussed therein
apply).   

   Merger, etc   .  If (i) the Company is acquired in a merger or
other business combination transaction where the Company is not the surviving
corporation, (ii) another entity consolidates with or merges into the Company
and the Company is the surviving corporation, and in connection with such
consolidation or merger all or part of the outstanding shares of Common Stock
are changed into or exchanged for stock or other securities of any other
entity, cash or any other property, or (iii) the Company sells or transfers
assets constituting more than 50% of its assets, cash flow or earning power,     each holder of a Right will from and after the Distribution Date have
the right to receive, upon exercise of a Right and payment of the then current
Purchase Price, a number of shares of common stock of the acquiring entity (or
equivalent) having a market value of two times the Purchase Price.  

  For additional information about the Rights Plan and the Rights, please
see the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2016.  

   Sale of Common Stock to Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC   

  On October 21,
2016, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the  Securities
Purchase Agreement ) with Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC
( Brookstone ), pursuant to which on such date the Company issued and sold
3,750,000 shares (the  Shares ) of Common Stock to Brookstone for an aggregate
of $2,737,500. The Company also agreed to (i) appoint three persons designated
by Brookstone to the Board, (ii) appoint one of the director designees to the   Compensation Committee of the Board   and
one of the director designees to the Audit Committee and Governance and
Nominating Committee of the Board, (iii) maintain such committee appointments,
(iv) appoint one of such designated directors (or a successor named by
Brookstone) to each Board committee created after October 6, 2016 and maintain
such appointments, and include certain numbers of such designated directors (or
successor named by Brookstone) as nominees recommended by the Board for
election as directors, as long as Brookstone and its affiliates beneficially
own outstanding shares of Common Stock. At any time Brookstone and its
affiliates beneficially own at least 25% of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock, the Company must include three such Brookstone-designated directors on
its Board and as Board-recommended director nominees. At any time Brookstone
and its affiliates beneficially own at least 10% but less than 25% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock, the Company must include two such
Brookstone-designated directors on its Board and as Board-recommended director
nominees. At any time Brookstone and its affiliates beneficially own any shares
of Common Stock but less than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock,
the Company must include one such Brookstone-designated director on its Board
and as a Board-recommended director nominee.  

  Immediately
subsequent to the issuance of the Shares, Brookstone owned 41.7% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock.    

  Also on October 21,
2016, the Company and Brookstone entered into a Registration Rights Agreement,
pursuant to which the Company agreed to, at any time after December 20, 2016
and upon the request of holders of at least 25% of the outstanding Shares, to
file a registration statement under the Securities Act to register the resale
of the Shares. The Company also agreed, subject to certain conditions and
exclusions, to include the resale of the Shares in any registration statement
that the Company files under the Securities Act (other than a registration
statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8) upon the request of any holder of Shares.
The Registration Rights Agreement terminates on the earlier of October 21, 2021
or the date that Brookstone or any permitted assignee or successor of
Brookstone owns less than 10% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.  

16  

Consolidated
Results of Operations    

    Consolidated Results of Operations for the Three and Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to the Three and Nine Months Ended September
30, 2015.    

The
following table summarizes changes in the various components of our net income
(loss) during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2015.  

The
following table summarizes changes in the various components of our net loss
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months
ended September 30, 2015.  

Product Revenue:     Product revenue consists
of revenue recognized from the MTI Instruments  product lines.   

Product revenue
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $936 thousand, or
72.2%, to $2.2 million from $1.3 million during the three months ended September
30, 2015. This increase was driven primarily by activity under the long-awaited
U.S. Air Force contract for engine vibration analysis systems, accessories and
maintenance, which we entered into on July 1, 2016. Also contributing to the
quarterly revenue growth was an increase in tensile stage shipments in the U.S. and to Asia.  For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the largest commercial customer
for the segment was a U.S. turbine engine tooling manufacturer, which accounted
for 8.0% of the third quarter 2016 revenue. In 2015, our largest commercial
customer was an engine test cell integrator  
  in
the U.S., which accounted for 14.6% of the third quarter 2015   revenue. The U.S. Air Force was the largest government
customer for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015,
accounting for 36.4% and 9.9%, respectively, of revenue.    

17     

Product revenue
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $382 thousand, or 7.8%,
to $5.3 million from $4.9 million during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. This increase was driven by activity under the new U.S. Air Force
contract, which offset declines in commercial engine vibration analysis system
sales   during
the 2016 period compared to the first nine months of last   year. For the
nine months ended September 30, 2016, the largest commercial customer for the
segment was an Asian distributor, which accounted for 9.7% of the year-to-date
2016 revenue. In 2015, our largest commercial customer was a Fortune 100
company, which accounted for 6.4% of revenue during the first nine months of
2015. The U.S. Air Force was the largest government customer for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015, accounting for 16.2%
and 5.2%, respectively, of revenue.    

Information regarding government contracts included in
product revenue is as follows:  

_________________  

(1)  

Contract
values represent maximum potential values at time of contract placement and may
not be representative of actual results.  

(2)  

Date
represents expiration of contract, including the exercise of the option
extension.     

(3)  

Date
represents expiration of contract, including the exercise of option extensions.
No additional orders are expected under any of these specific contracts.   

Cost
of Product Revenue; Gross Margin:         Cost
of product revenue includes the direct material and labor cost as well as an
allocation of overhead costs that relate to the manufacturing of products we
sell. In addition, cost of product revenue also includes the labor and material
costs incurred for product maintenance, replacement parts and service under our
contractual obligations.  

Cost of product revenue for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $202 thousand, or 35.3%, to $774
thousand from $572 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit as
a percentage of product revenue rose from 55.9% during the third quarter last
year to 65.3% for the third quarter of 2016. Cost of product revenue for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 increased by $75 thousand, or 3.9%, to $2.0
million from $1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Gross profit as
a percentage of product revenue rose from 60.2% during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to 61.7%
during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The improvement in gross
profit for the 2016 periods are attributable to lower material costs due to the
change in product mix, combined with lower overhead costs from reduced staffing.
The increases in the cost of product revenue are attributable to the increased
sales during the 2016 periods as discussed above under    Product Revenue   ,
partially offset by the lower material and overhead costs responsible for the
improvements in the profit margins.   

Research
and Product Development Expenses:       Research
and product development expenses includes the costs of materials to build development
and prototype units, cash and non-cash compensation and benefits for the
engineering and related staff, expenses for contract engineers, fees paid to
outside suppliers for subcontracted components and services, fees paid to
consultants for services provided, materials and supplies consumed, facility
related costs such as computer and network services, and other general overhead
costs associated with our research and development activities, to the extent
not reimbursed by our customers.  

Research and product development
expenses decreased $54 thousand and $164 thousand, respectively, during the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the comparable 2015
periods due to reduced staffing and decreased material spending on current development
projects.    

18  

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses:         Selling, general and administrative expenses
includes cash and non-cash compensation, benefits and related costs in support
of our general corporate functions, including general management, finance and
accounting, human resources, selling and marketing, information technology and
legal services.  

Selling, general and
administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2016 decreased
by $139 thousand, or 14.4%, to $829 thousand from $1.0 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2015. Selling, general and administrative expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased by $580 thousand, or 19.2%,
to $2.4 million from $3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
These decreases are the result of reduced staffing and travel, lower sales
commissions and a $28 thousand reduction to prior year incentive compensation
accruals compared to the comparable 2015 periods.        

Operating Income (Loss):     Operating
income was $331 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to an operating loss of $596 thousand for the three months ended September 30,
2015. Operating loss was $140 thousand for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to $1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.
These improvements were   a result of the factors noted
above, that is, the increased sales and improvement in gross margins, combined
with decreased research and development and selling, general and administrative
expenses.    

Other (Expense):         Other expense
was $1 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and $7 thousand for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016. The
expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016   primarily related to a $6 thousand loss recorded on the disposal of
equipment in the first quarter.   

Net Income (Loss):     
   Net income was $329 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2016
compared to a net loss of $610 thousand for the three months ended September
30, 2015. Net loss was $148 thousand for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 compared to a net loss of $1.2 million for the nine months ended September
30, 2015. The increase in net income during the three month period and the
decrease in net loss during the nine month period are primarily attributable to
  increased sales and improvements in gross margins, as
well as the decreased research and development and selling, general and
administrative expenses, as discussed above.    

Management s
Plan, Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Several key indicators of our liquidity are summarized in
the following table:  

The Company has historically incurred
significant losses (the majority, until 2012, stemming from the direct methanol
fuel cell product development and commercialization programs of its former
subsidiary, MeOH Power, Inc.) and had a consolidated accumulated deficit of $120.8
million as of September 30, 2016. Management believes that the Company
currently has adequate resources to avoid future cost-cutting measures that
could adversely affect its business. As of September 30, 2016, we had no debt, $20
thousand in commitments for capital expenditures and approximately $886
thousand of cash available to fund our operations.   

Based on business developments,
including changes in production levels, staffing requirements and network
infrastructure improvements, additional capital equipment may be required in
the foreseeable future. Based on management s projections, we expect to spend
approximately $150 thousand on capital equipment and $1.3 million in research
and development on MTI Instruments  products during 2016. We anticipate
financing any near term expenditures and to continue funding our operations
from our current cash position and our projected cash flows pursuant to
management s plans. We may also seek to supplement our resources by obtaining
new credit facilities to fund operational working capital and capital
expenditure requirements. Any additional financing, if required, may not be
available to us on acceptable terms or at all.    

19  

While it cannot be assured, management believes that, due in part to our current
working capital level, recent replacements in sales and engineering staff and
stabilized spending, the Company should be able to generate sufficient cash
flows to fund the Company s active operations for the foreseeable future, even
in the absence of lines of credit following their termination in March 2016, as
discussed below. If our revenue estimates are off either in timing or amount,
however, the Company may need to implement additional steps to ensure liquidity
including, but not limited to, the deferral of planned capital spending and/or
delaying existing or pending product development initiatives. Such steps, if
required, could potentially have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. See Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements included in this report for additional information
regarding liquidity and going concern.  

As discussed above, on October 21, 2016, the Company issued and sold 3,750,000
shares of its common stock to Brookstone for an aggregate of $2,737,500. This
new investment has allowed MTI s balance sheet to improve and provides MTI with
additional capital for, among other things, key strategic activities.  

Debt    

During the first quarter of 2016, we entered into discussions with Bank of
America, N.A. (the Bank) to strengthen the lines of credit and re-align their
terms to be more consistent with our current business plan. During such
discussions, the Bank informed the Company that based on its results for 2015 it
was not in compliance with certain financial covenants of the lines. Since an
agreement on new covenants could not be reached, the Company decided that the
lines of credit could not be utilized and therefore terminated them on March 24,
2016. There were no amounts outstanding under the credit facilities at the time
of cancellation.   

Backlog, Inventory and Accounts Receivable    

At September 30, 2016, our order backlog was $558 thousand compared to $234
thousand at December 31, 2015. The increase in backlog from December 2015 was
due to orders for capacitance systems, tensile testing stages and commercial
engine vibration systems which, per the customers  requests, will not be
delivered until the fourth quarter.    

Our inventory turnover ratios and average accounts receivable days outstanding
for the trailing 12 month periods and their changes at September 30, 2016 and
2015 are as follows:  

The current twelve-month inventory turns have declined due to a 31% increase in
average inventory balances corresponding to anticipated orders from Asia and the
U.S. Air Force.    

The average accounts receivable days  outstanding decreased nine days during the
last 12 months due to a proportionate increase in U.S. government sales, as
commercial customers take a longer period to pay than the U.S. government.   

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   

We have no off balance sheet arrangements.  

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates   

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Note 2, Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial
statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015 includes a summary of our most significant accounting policies. There have
been no material changes to the critical accounting policies previously
disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2015. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosure of
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and
judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventories, income
taxes and stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the
circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. Periodically, our management reviews our critical
accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.  

20  

Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements     

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities
Act) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(Exchange Act). Any statements contained in this Form 10-Q that are not
statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When we use the
words  anticipate,   estimate,   plans,   projects,   continuing,   ongoing, 
 expects,   management believes,   we believe,   we intend,   should,   could, 
 may,   will  and similar words or phrases, we are identifying forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to,
statements regarding:  

statements
	with respect to management s strategy and planned initiatives;  

projected taxable income and the
ability to use deferred tax assets (currently held at a full valuation
allowance);    

the
expected impact of recent and pending accounting standards or updates;  

our
expectations regarding the receipt of an anticipated product order;  

our
ability to continue as a going concern;   

management s belief that it will
have adequate resources to fund the Company s operations and capital
expenditures   in the near term;   

that
the Company should be able to generate sufficient cash flows to fund its active
operations in the foreseeable future;   

the expectation that future
cost-cutting measures will be avoided;   

future capital expenditures and
spending on research and development; and   

expected funding of future cash
expenditures.   

Forward-looking
statements involve risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that may
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause these differences include the following:  

sales
     revenue growth may not be achieved or maintained;    

the loss of
     one or more customers upon whom we are dependent;  
   our lack of
     long-term purchase commitments from our customers and the ability of our
     customers to cancel, reduce, or delay orders for our products;    

our
     inability to build and maintain relationships with our customers;    
   our inability to
     develop and utilize new technologies that address the needs of our
     customers;  
   our
     inability to obtain new credit facilities;  
   the
     cyclical nature of the electronics and military industries;    
   the
     uncertainty of the U.S. and global economy, including as a result of the
     United Kingdom s impending exit from the European Union;    
   the impact
     of future exchange rate fluctuations;    
   failure of
     our strategic alliances to achieve their objectives or perform as
     contemplated and the risk of cancellation or early termination of such
     alliance by either party;    
   the loss of
     services of one or more of our key employees or the inability to hire,
     train, and retain key personnel;   

risks
     related to protection and infringement of intellectual property;  
   our occasional
     dependence on sole suppliers or a limited group of suppliers;  

our ability
     to generate income to realize the tax benefit of our historical net
     operating losses;  

risks
     related to the limitation of the use, for tax purposes, of our net historical
     operating losses in the event of certain ownership changes; and    

other
     factors discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in this report and in our
     Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date they are made. You should not put undue reliance on
any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update
forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions,
or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to
the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more
forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make
additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements.  

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk    

Not applicable.   

21  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures    

  The certifications of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer attached as Exhibits 31.1 and
31.2 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, in paragraph 4 of such
certifications, information concerning our disclosure controls and procedures
and internal control over financial reporting. Such certifications should be
read in conjunction with the information contained in this Item 4 for a more
complete understanding of the matters covered by such certifications.  

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures     

  Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the
effectiveness of MTI s disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30,
2016. The term  disclosure controls and procedures,  as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other
procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to
ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports
that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. We recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives and we necessarily apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures.   Based
on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of   September   30, 2016, our Chief Executive Officer   and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at the reasonable assurance level.  

(b)
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    

  There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during our fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.   

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.                   Legal Proceedings      

  At any
point in time, we may be involved in various lawsuits or other legal
proceedings. Such lawsuits could arise from the sale of products or services or
from other matters relating to our regular business activities, compliance with
various governmental regulations and requirements, or other transactions or
circumstances. We do not believe there are any such proceedings presently
pending. See Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, to our condensed consolidated
financial statements for further information.  

Item 1A.                Risk Factors     

  In addition to
the risks discussed in Part II, Item 1A (Risk Factors) of our most recently
filed Annual Report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC), filed on March 30, 2016, which risk factors continue to be relevant to
an understanding of our business, financial condition and operating results
and, accordingly, which you should review and consider such risk factors in
making any investment decision with respect to our securities, the following
risks are related to the sale of the Shares to Brookstone discussed elsewhere
in this report.  

    The increase in
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding following the sale of Common
Stock to Brookstone and the price at which such shares were issued, may cause
the market price of the Common Stock to decline.    

  As discussed
above, on October 21, 2016, we sold 3,750,000 shares of Common Stock to
Brookstone for $0.73 per share.  This represents a  
 26.3%   discount to the per-share closing price of the Common
Stock on October 20, 2016. The increase in the number of outstanding shares of
Common Stock and the price at which the shares of Common Stock were sold to
Brookstone may cause the market price of the Common Stock to decline.   

22  

Future
sales of our common stock, or the perception that future sales may occur, may
cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is
doing well.     

  As discussed
above, the Company is obligated to register for resale the shares of Common
Stock sold to Brookstone pursuant to a Registration Rights Agreement entered
into between the Company and Brookstone. Sales of substantial amounts of Common
Stock in the market after such registration, or the perception that these sales
may occur, could materially and adversely affect the price of the Common Stock
and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity
securities.   

    Brookstone s
ownership of 41.7% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock gives it a
controlling interest in the Company.    

  As discussed
above, Brookstone owns approximately 41.7% of our outstanding shares of Common
Stock and has designated three directors to sit on our seven-member Board of
Directors. Accordingly, going forward Brookstone will be able to exert a
significant degree of influence or actual control over our management and
affairs and, as a practical matter, will control corporate actions
requiring shareholder approval, irrespective of how our other shareholders may
vote, including the election of directors, amendments to our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, and the approval of mergers and other significant
corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets,
and Brookstone may vote its shares in a manner that is adverse to the interests
of our minority stockholders. For example, Brookstone will be able to prevent a
merger or similar transaction, including a transaction in which stockholders
will receive a premium for their shares, even if our other shareholders are in
favor of such transaction. This concentration of voting control could deprive
you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Common Stock as
part of a sale of MTI and also might adversely affect the market price of our
Common Stock to the extent investors perceive disadvantages in owning shares of
a company with a controlling shareholder.  

    Brookstone and
their director designees may acquire interests and positions that could present
potential conflicts with our and our shareholders  interests.     

Brookstone and
their director designees may make investments in companies and may, from time
to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or
indirectly with us. Brookstone and their director designees may also pursue,
for their own accounts, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to
our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities might not be
available to us. As part of the Brookstone transaction and as required by
Brookstone as a condition to purchasing the shares of Common Stock, our Board
of Directors renounced, to the extent
permitted by New York law, the Company's expectancy with respect to being offered an
opportunity to participate in any business opportunity that is discovered by or
presented to a director designee (a  Business Opportunity ), whether in such
director designee s capacity as a director of MTI or otherwise. Accordingly,
the interests of Brookstone and the designated directors with respect to a
Business Opportunity may supersede ours, and Brookstone or its affiliates or the
Brookstone-designated directors may be involved with business in competition
with us and may pursue opportunities for the benefit of solely Brookstone and
its affiliates without our involvement, for which we have limited recourse.
Such actions on the part of Brookstone or the director designees could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.  

Item
2.           Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds     

  None  

Item
3.           Defaults Upon Senior Securities     

  None  

Item
4.           Mine Safety Disclosures     

  Not applicable.  

Item
5.           Other Information     

  Not applicable.  

23  

Item 6.           Exhibits     

Exhibit No.   

Description    

4.1  

Rights
  Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2016, between Mechanical Technology,
  Incorporated and American Stock Transfer   Trust Company, LLC, as Rights
  Agent (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K
  Report filed October 6, 2016).  

4.2  

Amendment No.
  1 dated as of October 20, 2016, to the   Rights Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2016,
  between Mechanical Technology, Incorporated and American Stock Transfer  
  Trust Company, LLC, as Rights Agent   (Incorporated by reference from
  Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 21, 2016).  

10.22  

Securities
  Purchase Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Mechanical Technology, Incorporated and Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Incorporated
  by reference from Exhibit 10.22 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed
  October 21, 2016).  

10.23  

Registration
  Rights Agreement dated as of October 21, 2016, by and between Mechanical Technology, Incorporated and Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Incorporated
  by reference from Exhibit 10.23 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed
  October 21, 2016).  

10.24  

Form of Option
  Exercise and Stock Transfer Restriction Agreement between the Company and its
  Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Non-Employee Directors
  (and certain former non-employee directors) (Incorporated by reference from
  Exhibit 10.24 of the Company s Form 8-K Report filed October 21, 2016).+  

31.1  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Kevin G. Lynch  

31.2  

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Frederick W. Jones  

32.1  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
  to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Kevin G. Lynch  

32.2  

Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant
  to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Frederick W. Jones  

101.INS*  

XBRL Instance Document  

101.SCH*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  

101.CAL*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  

101.DEF*  

XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document  

101.LAB*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  

101.PRE*  

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  

All other exhibits
for which no other filing information is given are filed herewith.  

+ Represents management contract or
compensation plan or arrangement.  

  * Submitted electronically herewith.
Attached as Exhibit 101 are the following materials from the Company s
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016,
formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) and tagged as blocks
of text and including detailed tags: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets
at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015; (ii) Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
and 2015; (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015; and (iv) related notes.   

24  

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant to the
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly
authorized.  

Mechanical Technology, Incorporated   

Date: October 27  ,   2016  

By:   

/S/ Kevin G. Lynch  

Kevin G. Lynch 
  Chief Executive Officer  

By:   

/S/ Frederick W. Jones  

Frederick W. Jones 
  Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31>
 2
 exhibit311.htm

exhibit311.htm - Prepared by EDGARX.com 

Exhibit 31.1   

CERTIFICATION    

I, Kevin G. Lynch,
certify that:  

1.   

I have reviewed   this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q     of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated;  

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.     

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e))  and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and  

5.   

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

October
  27, 2016   

/S/ KEVIN G. LYNCH  

Kevin
  G. Lynch  

Chief
  Executive Officer   
    (Principal
  Executive Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 exhibit312.htm

exhibit312.htm - Prepared by EDGARX.com 

Exhibit 31.2   

CERTIFICATION    

I, Frederick W.
Jones, certify that:  

1.   

I have reviewed   this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q     of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated;  

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;  

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and
other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  

4.     

The registrant s other certifying officer and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e))  and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15(d)-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;  

b)  

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;  

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and  

d)  

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
and  

5.   

The registrant s other certifying officer and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):  

(a)  

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and  

(b)  

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.  

October
  27, 2016  

/S/ FREDERICK W. JONES  

Frederick
  W. Jones  

Chief
  Financial Officer   
    (Principal
  Financial Officer)  

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 exhibit321.htm

exhibit321.htm - Prepared by EDGARX.com 

Exhibit 32.1   

Mechanical
Technology, Incorporated   

   Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   (18 U.S.C.
Section 1350)   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (the  Company ) for the
three month period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kevin G. Lynch, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirements of
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a) and
(b)), that, to my knowledge:  

(1)  

The Report fully complies with the
  requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
  and  

(2)  

The information in the Report fairly
  presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
  operations of the Company.  

October 27  , 2016  

/S/ KEVIN G. LYNCH  

Kevin
  G. Lynch  

Chief
  Executive Officer  
    (Principal
  Executive Officer)  

This
certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is
not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document,
and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason
other than as specifically required by law.  

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 exhibit322.htm

exhibit322.htm - Prepared by EDGARX.com 

Exhibit 32.2   

Mechanical
Technology, Incorporated   

   Certification
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

   (18 U.S.C.
Section 1350)   

In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (the  Company ) for the
three month period ended September 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Frederick W. Jones,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to the requirements
of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a)
and (b)), that, to my knowledge:  

(1)  

The Report fully complies with the
  requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
  and  

(2)  

The information in the Report fairly
  presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of
  operations of the Company.  

October 27,   2016  

/S/ FREDERICK W. JONES  

Frederick
  W. Jones  

Chief
  Financial Officer  
    (Principal
  Financial Officer)  

This
certification is made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is
not being filed as part of the Form 10-Q or as a separate disclosure document,
and may not be disclosed, distributed or used by any person for any reason
other than as specifically required by law.  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 mkty-20160930.xml

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mkty-20160930.xsd

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mkty-20160930_cal.xml

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mkty-20160930_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mkty-20160930_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mkty-20160930_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

