<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161110_10-Q_edgar_data_1484949_0001571049-16-019717_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7435174</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123868</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>355273</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1804056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3436938</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1518613</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>117</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001571049-16-019717.hdr.sgml : 20161110
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161110121402
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001571049-16-019717
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161110
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161110

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001484949
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34821
		FILM NUMBER:		161986906

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1211 WEST MORTON AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62650
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(217) 245-4111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1211 WEST MORTON AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			62650

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001571049-16-019717.txt : 20161110

10-Q
 1
 t1600716_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-Q   

(Mark One) 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For the transition period of _________ to _________  

Commission File Number  001-34821  

Jacksonville Bancorp,
    Inc.   
 
      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (217)
245-4111 

Indicate by check whether issuer (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90 days. 

  x 
Yes                
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period the registrant was required to submit
and post such filings). 

  x  Yes                
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  accelerated filer,
large accelerated filer, and smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer  
           Accelerated Filer   
 
           Non-Accelerated Filer  
      x    Smaller Reporting Company   

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Yes              x  No 

As of November 1, 2016, there were 1,798,544 shares of the Registrant s
common stock issued and outstanding. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

FORM 10-Q  

Page    
 
       PART I   
       FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

Item 1.   
       Financial Statements   

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets   
      1   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income   
      2   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income   
      3   

Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders  Equity   
      4   

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
      5   

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements   
      7   

Item 2.   
       Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      39   

Item 3.   
       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      54   

Item 4   
       Controls and Procedures   
      56   

PART II   
       OTHER INFORMATION   
      57   

Item 1.   
       Legal Proceedings   
     57  
 
       Item 1.A.   
       Risk Factors   
     57  
 
       Item 2.   
       Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
     57  
 
       Item 3.   
       Defaults Upon Senior Securities   
     57  
 
       Item 4.   
       Mine Safety Disclosures   
     57  
 
       Item 5.   
       Other Information   
     57  
 
       Item 6.   
       Exhibits   
     57  

Signatures   
      59   

EXHIBITS 

Section 302 Certifications   

Section 906 Certification   

XBRL Instance Document   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document   

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document   

XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

    ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME  

See accompanying notes to the condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS  

(Continued) 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.  

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC. 

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

The accompanying interim condensed consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Jacksonville Savings Bank
(the  Bank ) and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Resources Group, Inc. (collectively, the  Company ).
All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

In the opinion of management, the preceding unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring accruals) necessary for
a fair presentation of the financial condition of the Company as of September 30, 2016 and the results of its operations for the
three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The results of operations for the three and nine month periods
are not necessarily indicative of the results which may be expected for the entire year, or any other interim period. The condensed
consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2015 has been derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet
of the Company as of that date. Certain information and note disclosures normally included in the Company s annual financial
statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted. These condensed
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2015 filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K filed in March 2016. The accounting and reporting
policies of the Company conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and to prevailing
practices within the industry. 

Certain amounts included in the 2015 consolidated
statements have been reclassified to conform to the 2016 presentation. 

2.  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS   

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The update provides a five-step revenue recognition model for all revenue arising from
contracts with customers and affects all entities that enter into contracts to provide goods or services to their customers (unless
the contracts are included in the scope of other standards). The guidance requires an entity to recognize the revenue to depict
the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. For public entities, the guidance is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and must be applied either retrospectively
or using the modified retrospective approach. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers
(Topic 606)   Deferral of the Effective Date, which provides a one-year deferral of ASU 2014-09. Management is evaluating
the new guidance, but does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated
financial statements. Early adoption would be permitted, but not before the original public entity effective date. 

In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial
Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10) - Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.  ASU
2016-01 is intended to enhance the reporting model for financial instruments to provide users of financial statements with more
decision-useful information.  ASU 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years.  Adoption by the Company is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The ASU requires an organization
to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions,
and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will now use forward-looking information
to better inform their credit loss estimates. Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although
the inputs to those techniques will change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to
use judgment to determine which loss estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances. Additionally, the ASU amends the
accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. For
public companies, this update will be effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company has
not yet determined the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on the consolidated financial statements. 

In March 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation
  Stock Compensation (topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting. The objective of the simplification
initiative is to identify, evaluate, and improve areas of US GAAP for which cost and complexity can be reduced while maintaining
or improving the usefulness of the information provided to users of financial statements. The areas for simplification involve
several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of
awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. Amendments related to the timing of
when excess tax benefits are recognized, minimum statutory withholding requirements, forfeitures, and intrinsic value should be
applied using a modified retrospective transition method by means of a cumulative effect 

 adjustment to equity as of the beginning of the period
in which the guidance is adopted. The new guidance will be 

 effective for public companies for reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, and is not expected to have a 

 significant impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

3.  EARNINGS PER SHARE   

Earnings Per Share -
  Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing net income for the period by the weighted average number of common shares.
Diluted earnings per share considers the potential effects of the exercise of the outstanding stock options under the Company s
stock option plans. Average shares outstanding exclude unallocated employee stock ownership (ESOP) shares. 

The following reflects earnings per share calculations
for basic and diluted methods: 

4.  STOCK BASED COMPENSATION   

In connection with our 2010 second step conversion
and related stock offering, the ESOP purchased an additional 41,614 shares for the exclusive benefit of eligible employees. The
ESOP borrowed funds from the Company in an amount sufficient to purchase the 41,614 shares (approximately 4% of the common stock
issued in the offering). The loan is secured by the shares purchased and will be repaid by the ESOP with funds from contributions
made by the Bank and dividends received by the ESOP, with funds from any contributions on ESOP assets. Contributions will be applied
to repay interest on the loan first, and the remainder will be applied to principal. The loan is expected to be repaid over a period
of up to 20 years. Shares purchased with the loan proceeds are held in a suspense account for allocation among participants as
the loan is repaid. Contributions to the ESOP and shares released from the suspense account are allocated among participants in
proportion to their compensation, relative to total compensation of all active participants. Participants will vest on a pro-rata
basis and reach 100% vesting in the accrued benefits under the ESOP after six years. Vesting is accelerated upon retirement, death,
or disability of the participant or a change in control of the Bank. Forfeitures will be reallocated to remaining plan participants.
Benefits may be payable upon retirement, death, disability, separation from service, or termination of the ESOP. Since the Bank s
annual contributions are discretionary, benefits payable under the ESOP cannot be estimated. 

The Company is accounting for its ESOP in accordance
with ASC Topic 718,   Employers Accounting for Employee Stock Ownership Plans .  Accordingly, the debt of the
ESOP is eliminated in consolidation and the shares pledged as collateral are reported as unearned ESOP shares in the consolidated
balance sheet. Contributions to the ESOP shall be sufficient to pay principal and interest currently due under the loan agreement.
As shares are committed to be released from the collateral, the Company reports compensation expense equal to the average market
price of the shares for the respective period, and the shares become outstanding for earnings per share computations. Dividends,
if any, on unallocated shares are recorded as a reduction of debt and accrued interest. 

A summary of ESOP shares at September 30, 2016 and
2015 is shown below. 

On April 24, 2012, our shareholders approved the
2012 Stock Option Plan. On this same date, the compensation committee of the board of directors approved the awards of 104,035
options to purchase Company common stock. The stock options vest over a five-year period and expire ten years after issuance. Apart
from the vesting schedule, there are no performance-based conditions or any other material conditions applicable to the options
issued. 

The following table summarizes stock option activity
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Intrinsic value for stock options is defined as
the difference between the current market value and the exercise price. The value is based upon a closing price of $29.32 per share
on September 30, 2016. 

5.  LOAN PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION   

At September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015, the composition of the Company s loan portfolio is shown below. 

The Company believes that originating or purchasing
sound loans are a necessary and desirable means of employing funds available for investment. Recognizing the Company s obligations
to its depositors and to the communities it serves, authorized personnel are expected to seek to develop and make sound, profitable
loans that resources permit and that opportunity affords. The Company maintains lending policies and procedures designed to focus
lending efforts on the types, locations, and duration of loans most appropriate for the business model and markets. The Company s
principal lending activities include the origination of one-to four-family residential mortgage loans, multi-family loans, commercial
real estate loans, agricultural loans, home equity lines of credits, commercial business loans, and consumer loans. The primary
lending market includes the Illinois counties of Morgan, Macoupin and Montgomery. Generally, loans are collateralized by assets,
primarily real estate, of the borrowers and guaranteed by individuals. The loans are expected to be repaid from cash flows of the
borrowers or from proceeds from the sale of selected assets of the borrowers. 

Loan originations are derived from a number of sources
such as real estate broker referrals, existing customers, builders, attorneys and walk-in customers. Upon receipt of a loan application,
a credit report is obtained to verify specific information relating to the applicant s employment, income, and credit standing.
In the case of a real estate loan, an appraisal of the real estate intended to secure the proposed loan is undertaken by an independent
appraiser approved by the Company. A loan application file is first reviewed by a loan officer in the loan department who checks
applications for accuracy and completeness, and verifies the information provided. The financial resources of the borrower and
the borrower s credit history, as well as the collateral securing the loan, are considered an integral part of each risk
evaluation prior to approval. The board of directors has established individual lending authorities for each loan officer by loan
type. Loans over an individual officer s lending limit must be approved by the officers  loan committee consisting
of the chairman of the board, president, chief lending officer and all lending officers, which meets three times a week, and has
lending authority up to $750,000 depending on the type of loan. Loans to borrowers with an aggregate principal balance over this
limit, up to $1.0 million, must be approved by the directors  loan committee, which meets weekly and consists of the chairman
of the board, president, senior vice president, chief lending officer and at least two outside directors, plus all lending officers
as non-voting members. The board of directors approves all loans to borrowers with an aggregate principal balance over $1.0 million.
The board of directors ratifies all loans that are originated. Once the loan is approved, the applicant is informed and a closing
date is scheduled. Loan commitments are typically funded within 30 days. 

If the loan is approved, the borrower must provide
proof of fire and casualty insurance on the property serving as collateral which insurance must be maintained during the full term
of the loan; flood insurance is required in certain instances. Title insurance or an attorney s opinion based on a title
search of the property is generally required on loans secured by real property. 

One-to-Four Family Mortgage Loans -  Historically,
the Bank s primary lending origination activity has been one-to-four family, owner-occupied, residential mortgage loans secured
by property located in the Company s market area. The Company generates loans through marketing efforts, existing customers
and referrals, real estate brokers, builders and local businesses. Generally, one-to-four family loan originations are limited
to the financing of loans secured by properties located within the Company s market area.   

Fixed rate one-to-four family residential mortgage
loans are generally conforming loans, underwritten according to secondary market guidelines. The Company generally originates both
fixed and adjustable rate mortgage loans in amounts up to the maximum conforming loan limits established by the Federal Housing
Finance Agency. 

The Company originates for resale to Freddie Mac
and the Federal Home Loan Bank fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans with terms of 15 years or more. The fixed-rate
mortgage loans amortize monthly with principal and interest due each month. Residential real estate loans often remain outstanding
for significantly shorter periods than their contractual terms because borrowers may refinance or prepay loans at their option.
The Company offers fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans with terms of up to 30 years without prepayment penalty. 

The Company currently offers adjustable-rate mortgage
loans for terms ranging up to 30 years. They generally offer adjustable-rate mortgage loans that adjust between one and five years
on the anniversary date of origination. Interest rate adjustments are up to two hundred basis points per year, with a cap of up
to six hundred basis points on interest rate increases over the life of the loan. In a rising interest rate environment, such rate
limitations may prevent adjustable-rate mortgage loans from repricing to market interest rates, which would have an adverse effect
on net interest income. In the low interest rate environment that has existed over the past five years, the adjustable-rate portfolio
has repriced downward resulting in lower interest income from this portion of the loan portfolio. In addition, during this period
borrowers have shown a preference for fixed-rate loans. The Company has used different interest indices for adjustable-rate mortgage
loans in the past such as the average yield on U.S. Treasury securities, adjusted to a constant maturity of one year, three years
or five years. The origination of fixed-rate mortgage loans versus adjustable-rate mortgage loans is monitored on an ongoing basis
and is affected significantly by the level of market interest rates, customer preference, interest rate risk position and competitors 
loan products. 

Adjustable-rate mortgage loans make the loan portfolio
more interest rate sensitive and provide an alternative for those borrowers who meet the underwriting criteria, but are unable
to qualify for a fixed-rate mortgage. However, as the interest income earned on adjustable-rate mortgage loans varies with prevailing
interest rates, such loans do not offer predictable cash flows in the same manner as long-term, fixed-rate loans. Adjustable-rate
mortgage loans carry increased credit risk associated with potentially higher monthly payments by borrowers as general market interest
rates increase. During periods of rising interest rates the risk of delinquencies and defaults on adjustable-rate mortgage loans
increases due to the upward adjustment of interest costs to the borrower, which may result in increased loan losses. 

Residential first mortgage loans customarily include
due-on-sale clauses, which gives the Company the right to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event that, among other
things, the borrower sells or otherwise disposes of the underlying real property serving as collateral for the loan. Due-on-sale
clauses are a means of imposing assumption fees and increasing the interest rate on the mortgage portfolio during periods of rising
interest rates. 

When underwriting residential real estate loans,
the Company reviews and verifies each loan applicant s income and credit history. Management believes that stability of income
and past credit history are integral parts in the underwriting process. Generally, the applicant s total monthly mortgage
payment, including all escrow amounts, is limited to 28% of the applicant s total monthly income. In addition, total monthly
obligations of the applicant, including mortgage payments, generally should not exceed 38% of total monthly income. Written appraisals
are generally required on real estate property offered to secure an applicant s loan. For one-to-four family real estate
loans with loan to value ratios of over 80%, private mortgage insurance is generally required. Fire and casualty insurance is also
required on all properties securing real estate loans. Title insurance, or an attorney s title opinion, may be required,
as circumstances warrant. 

The Company does not offer an
 interest only  mortgage loan product on one-to-four family residential properties (where the borrower pays interest
for an initial period, after which the loan converts to a fully amortizing loan). They also do not offer loans that provide for
negative amortization of principal, such as  Option ARM  loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed
on the loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. The Company does not offer a  subprime
loan  program (loans that generally target borrowers with weakened credit histories typically characterized by payment delinquencies,
previous charge-offs, judgments, bankruptcies, or borrowers with questionable repayment capacity as evidenced by low credit scores
or high debt-burden ratios) or Alt-A loans (traditionally defined as loans having less than full documentation). 

Commercial Real Estate Loans -  The Company
originates and purchases commercial real estate loans. Commercial real estate loans are secured primarily by improved properties
such as multi-family residential, retail facilities and office buildings, restaurants and other non-residential buildings. The
maximum loan-to-value ratio for commercial real estate loans originated is generally 80%. Commercial real estate loans are generally
written up to terms of five years with adjustable interest rates. The rates are generally tied to the prime rate and generally
have a specified floor. Many of the fixed-rate commercial real estate loans are not fully amortizing and therefore require a  balloon 
payment at maturity. The Company purchases from time to time commercial real estate loan participations primarily from outside
the Company s market area. All participation loans are approved following a review to ensure that the loan satisfies the
underwriting standards. 

Underwriting standards for commercial real estate
loans include a determination of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet
existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. The income approach is primarily utilized to determine whether income generated
from the applicant s business or real estate offered as collateral is adequate to repay the loan. There is an emphasis on
the ratio of the property s projected net cash flow to the loan s debt service requirement (generally requiring a minimum
ratio of 120%). In underwriting a loan, the value of the real estate offered as collateral in relation to the proposed loan amount
is considered. Generally, the loan amount cannot be greater than 80% of the value of the real estate. Written appraisals are usually
obtained from either licensed or certified appraisers on all commercial real estate loans in excess of $250,000. Creditworthiness
of the applicant is assessed by reviewing a credit report, financial statements and tax returns of the applicant, as well as obtaining
other public records regarding the applicant. 

Loans secured by commercial real estate generally
involve a greater degree of credit risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances. This
increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including the effects of general economic conditions on income producing
properties and the successful operation or management of the properties securing the loans. Furthermore, the repayment of loans
secured by commercial real estate is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the related business and real estate
property. If the cash flows from the project are reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

Agricultural Real Estate Loans -  The Company
originates and purchases agricultural real estate loans. The maximum loan-to-value ratio for agricultural real estate loans we
originate is generally 80%. Our agricultural real estate loans are generally written up to terms of five years with adjustable
interest rates.  The rates are generally tied to the average yield on U.S. Treasury securities, adjusted to a constant maturity
of one year, three years, or five years and generally have a specified floor. Many of our fixed-rate agricultural real estate loans
are not fully amortizing and therefore require a  balloon  payment at maturity. We purchase from time to time agricultural
real estate loan participations primarily from other local institutions within our market area. All participation loans are approved
following a review to ensure that the loan satisfies our underwriting standards. 

Underwriting standards for agricultural real estate
include a determination of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing
obligations and payments on the proposed loan. The income approach is primarily utilized to determine whether income generated
from the applicant s farm operation or real estate offered as collateral is adequate to repay the loan. We emphasize the
ratio of the property s projected cash flow to the loan s debt service requirement (generally requiring a minimum ratio
of 120%). In underwriting a loan, we consider the value of the real estate offered as collateral in relation to the proposed loan
amount. Generally, the loan amount cannot be greater than 80% of the value of the real estate. We usually obtain written appraisals
from either licensed or certified appraisers on all agricultural real estate loans in excess of $250,000. We assess the creditworthiness
of the applicant by reviewing a credit report, financial statements and tax returns of the applicant, as well as obtaining other
public records regarding the applicant. 

Loans secured by agricultural real estate generally
involve a greater degree of credit risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan balances. This
increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including the effects of general economic and market conditions on farm operations
and the successful operation or management of the properties securing the loans. The repayment of loans secured by agricultural
estate is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the farm and real estate property. If the cash flows are reduced,
the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. 

Home Equity Loans    The Company originates
home equity loans and lines of credit, which are generally secured by the borrower s principal residence. The maximum amount
of a home equity loan or line of credit is generally 95% of the appraised value of a borrower s real estate collateral less
the amount of any existing mortgages or related liabilities. Home equity loans and lines of credit are approved with both fixed
and adjustable interest rates which we determine based upon market conditions. Such loans may be fully amortized over the life
of the loan or have a balloon feature. Generally, the maximum term for home equity loans is 10 years. 

Underwriting standards for home equity loans include
a determination of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations
and payments on the proposed loan. The stability of the applicant s monthly income may be determined by verification of gross
monthly income from primary employment, and additionally from any verifiable secondary income. We also consider the length of employment
with the borrower s present employer as well as the amount of time the borrower has lived in the local area. Creditworthiness
of the applicant is of primary consideration; however, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the
collateral in relation to the proposed loan amount. 

Home equity loans entail greater risks than one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans, which are secured by first lien mortgages. Collateral repossessed after a default may not provide
an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance because of damage or depreciation in the value of the property
or loss of equity to the first lien position. Further, home equity loan payments are dependent on the borrower s continuing
financial stability, and therefore are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy.
Finally, the application of various Federal and state laws, including Federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit
the amount which can be recovered on such loans in the event of a default. 

Commercial Business Loans -  The Company originates
commercial business loans to borrowers located in the Company s market area which are secured by collateral other than real
estate or which can be unsecured. Commercial business loan participations are also purchased from other lenders, which may be made
to borrowers outside the Company s market area. Commercial business loans are generally secured by equipment and inventory
and generally are offered with adjustable rates tied to the prime rate or the average yield on U.S. Treasury securities, adjusted
to a constant maturity of either one year, three years or five years and various terms of maturity generally from three years to
five years. Unsecured business loans are originated on a limited basis in those instances where the applicant s financial
strength and creditworthiness has been established. Commercial business loans generally bear higher interest rates than residential
loans, but they also may involve a higher risk of default since their repayment is generally dependent on the successful operation
of the borrower s business. Personal guarantees are generally obtained from the borrower or a third party as a condition
to originating its business loans.   

Underwriting standards for commercial and agricultural
business loans include a determination of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed
loan from normal cash flows generated in the applicant s business. The financial strength of each applicant is assessed through
the review of financial statements and tax returns provided by the applicant. The creditworthiness of an applicant is derived from
a review of credit reports as well as a search of public records. Business loans are periodically reviewed following origination.
Financial statements are requested at least annually and review them for substantial deviations or changes that might affect repayment
of the loan. Loan officers also visit the premises of borrowers to observe the business premises, facilities, and personnel and
to inspect the pledged collateral. Underwriting standards for business loans are different for each type of loan depending on the
financial strength of the applicant and the value of collateral offered as security. 

Agricultural Business Loans -  The Company
originates agricultural business loans to borrowers located in our market area which are secured by collateral other than real
estate or which can be unsecured. Agricultural business loans are generally secured by equipment and blanket security agreements
on all farm assets. These loans are generally offered with fixed rates with terms up to five years. Agricultural business loans
generally bear lower interest rates than residential loans due to competitive market pressures. The repayment of agricultural business
loans is generally dependent on the successful operation of the farm operation. Personal guarantees are generally obtained from
the borrower as a condition to originating agricultural business loans. 

Underwriting standards for agricultural business
loans include a determination of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan from
normal cash flows generated in the applicant s business. The financial strength of each applicant is assessed through the
review of financial statements, pro-forma cash flow statements, and tax returns provided by the applicant. The creditworthiness
of an applicant is derived from a review of credit reports as well as a search of public records. Financial statements are requested
at least annually and reviewed for substantial deviations or changes that might affect repayment of the loan. Loan officers may
also visit the premises of borrowers to observe the operation, facilities, equipment, and personnel and to inspect the pledged
collateral. Underwriting standards for agricultural business loans are different for each type of loan depending on the financial
strength of the applicant and the value of collateral offered as security. 

The repayment of agricultural business loans generally
is dependent on the successful operation of a farm and can be adversely affected by fluctuations in crop prices, increase in interest
rates, and changes in weather conditions. These developments may result in smaller harvests and less income for farmers which may
adversely affect such borrower s ability to repay a loan, and potentially result in an increase in the level of problem loans
and loan losses in our agricultural portfolio. While not required, the majority of our agricultural business loans are covered
by crop insurance, which provides protection against loss due to lower crop yields as a result of unfavorable weather conditions. 

Consumer Loans    The Company originates
consumer loans, including automobile loans, loans secured by deposit accounts, unsecured loans and mobile home loans. Consumer
loans are generally offered on a fixed-rate basis. Automobile loans are offered with maturities of up to 60 months for new automobiles.
Loans secured by used automobiles will have maximum terms which vary depending upon the age of the automobile. Automobile loans
are generally originated with a loan-to-value ratio below the greater of 80% of the purchase price or 100% of NADA loan value.
In the case of a new car loan, the loan-to-value ratio may be greater or less depending on the borrower s credit history,
debt to income ratio, home ownership and other banking relationships with us. 

Underwriting standards for consumer loans include
a determination of the applicant s credit history and an assessment of the applicant s ability to meet existing obligations
and payments on the proposed loan. The stability of the applicant s monthly income may be determined by verification of gross
monthly income from primary employment, and additionally from any verifiable secondary income. We also consider the length of employment
with the borrower s present employer as well as the amount of time the borrower has lived in the local area. Creditworthiness
of the applicant is of primary consideration; however, the underwriting process also includes a comparison of the value of the
collateral in relation to the proposed loan amount. 

Consumer loans entail greater risks than one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans, particularly consumer loans secured by rapidly depreciating assets such as automobiles or loans
that are unsecured. In such cases, collateral repossessed after a default may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the
outstanding loan balance because of damage, loss or depreciation. Further, consumer loan payments are dependent on the borrower s
continuing financial stability, and therefore are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal
bankruptcy. Such events would increase our risk of loss on unsecured loans. Finally, the application of various Federal and state
laws, including Federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans in
the event of a default. 

The following tables present the balance in the allowance
for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of and for the periods
ended September 30, 2016, September 30, 2015, and December 31, 2015. 

Management s opinion as to the ultimate collectability
of loans is subject to estimates regarding future cash flows from operations and the value of property, real and personal, pledged
as collateral.  These estimates are affected by changing economic conditions and the economic prospects of borrowers. 

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a
level that, in management s judgment, is adequate to cover probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance
sheet date. The allowance for loan losses is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for loan
losses charged to earnings. Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the uncollectability of a loan
balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. 

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular
basis by management and is based upon management s periodic review of the collectability of the loans in light of historical
experience, the size amd composition of the loan portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to
repay, estimated value of any underlying collateral and prevailing economic conditions. This evaluation is inherently subjective
as it requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revision as more information becomes available. 

The allowance consists of allocated and general components.
The allocated component relates to loans that are classified as impaired. For those loans that are classified as impaired, an allowance
is established when the discounted cash flows (or collateral value or observable market price) of the impaired loan is lower than
the carrying value of that loan. 

A loan is considered impaired when, based on current
information and events, it is probable that the scheduled payments of principal or interest will not be able to be collected when
due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Factors considered by management in determining impairment include
payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that
experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines
the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances
surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior
payment record and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. Impairment is measured on a loan-by-loan
basis for commercial and agricultural loans by either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s
effective interest rate, the loan s obtainable market price or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral
dependent. 

Groups of loans with similar risk characteristics
are collectively evaluated for impairment based on the group s historical loss experience adjusted for changes in trends,
conditions and other relevant factors that affect repayment of the loans. Accordingly, individual consumer and residential loans
are not separately identified for impairment measurements, unless such loans are the subject of a restructuring agreement due to
financial difficulties of the borrower. 

The general component covers non-classified loans
and is based on historical charge-off experience and expected loss given the internal risk rating process. The loan portfolio is
stratified into homogeneous groups of loans that possess similar loss characteristics and an appropriate loss ratio adjusted for
other qualitative factors is applied to the homogeneous pools of loans to estimate the incurred losses in the loan portfolio.   

There have been no changes to the Company s
accounting policies or methodology from the prior periods. 

Credit Quality Indicators  

The Company categorizes loans into risk categories
based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical
payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends among other factors. The Company analyzes
loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on all loans at origination. In addition,
lending relationships over $500,000, new commercial and commercial real estate loans, and watch list credits are reviewed annually
by our loan review department in order to verify risk ratings. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 

Special Mention    Loans classified as special
mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses
may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future
date. 

Substandard    Loans classified as substandard
are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans
so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by
the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 

Doubtful    Loans classified as doubtful
have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection
or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 

Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed
individually as part of the above described process are considered to be Pass rated loans. 

The following tables present the credit risk profile
of the Company s loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.
There were no loans classified as Doubtful on these dates. 

The following tables present the Company s
loan portfolio aging analysis as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The accrual of interest on loans is generally discontinued
at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-secured and in process of collection. Past due status is based
on contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on non-accrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection
of principal and interest is considered doubtful. 

All interest accrued but not collected for loans that
are placed on non-accrual or charged-off are reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on
the cash-basis or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all principal
and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 

The Company actively seeks to reduce its investment
in impaired loans. The primary tools to work through impaired loans are settlement with the borrowers or guarantors, foreclosure
of the underlying collateral, or restructuring. 

The Company will restructure loans when the borrower
demonstrates the inability to comply with the terms of the loan, but can demonstrate the ability to meet acceptable restructured
terms. Restructurings generally include one or more of the following restructuring options; reduction in the interest rate on the
loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance, or other actions intended to maximize collection. Restructured
loans in compliance with modified terms are classified as impaired. 

The following tables present impaired loans at or
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

Included in certain loan categories in the impaired
loans are troubled debt restructurings (TDRs), where economic concessions have been granted to borrowers who have experienced financial
difficulties. These concessions typically result from our loss mitigation activities and could include reductions in the interest
rate, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance or other actions. TDRs are considered impaired at the time of restructuring
and typically are returned to accrual status after considering the borrower s sustained repayment performance for a reasonable
period of time, usually at least six months. 

When loans are modified into a TDR, the Company
evaluates any possible impairment similar to other impaired loans based on the present value of expected cash flows, discounted
at the contractual interest rate of the original loan agreement, or based upon on the current fair value of the collateral, less
selling costs for collateral dependent loans. If the Company determines that the value of the modified loan is less than the recorded
investment in the loan (net of previous charge-offs, deferred loan fees or costs and unamortized premium or discount), impairment
is recognized through an allowance estimate or a charge-off to the allowance. In periods subsequent to modification, the Company
evaluates all TDRs, including those that have payment defaults, for possible impairment and recognizes impairment through the allowance. 

The following table presents the recorded balance,
at original cost, of TDRs, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The following table presents the recorded balance,
at original cost, of TDRs, which were performing according to the terms of the restructuring, as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015. 

The following tables present loans modified as TDRs
during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

2016 Modifications  

 The Company modified one residential real estate
loan with a recorded investment of $40,626. The modification was made to restructure the loan and capitalize delinquent real estate
taxes. The modification did not result in a write-off of the principal balance. 

The Company modified one commercial real estate
loan with a recorded investment of $719,022. The modification was made to lower the rate, extend the amortization, and capitalize
interest and escrow funds as part of a bankruptcy restructuring. The modification did not result in a write-off of the principal
balance, but we do have $403,513 allocated to this loan in the allowance for loan losses. 

The Company modified one commercial loan with a
recorded investment of $218,331. The modification was made to require interest only payments for four months. The modifications
did not result in a write-off of the principal balance. 

Management considers the level of defaults within
the various portfolios when evaluating qualitative adjustments used to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses.
During the nine month period ended September 30, 2016, three residential real estate loans of $176,483 were considered defaulted
TDRs as they were more than 90 days past due at September 30, 2016. Default occurs when a loan is 90 days or more past due, transferred
to nonaccrual or charged-off, and is within twelve months of restructuring. 

2015 Modifications  

 The Company modified one residential real estate
loan with a recorded investment of $100,492. The modification was made to consolidate and restructure a delinquent loan into a
workout. The modification did not result in a write-off of the principal balance. 

The Company modified one home equity loan with a
recorded investment of $1,996. The modification was made to extend the term to lower the payment amount. The modification did not
result in a write-off of the principal balance. 

The Company modified two consumer loans with a recorded
investment of $65,978. The modifications were made to extend the payment schedule three and four months, respectively. The modifications
did not result in a write-off of the principal balance. 

Management considers the level of defaults within
the various portfolios when evaluating qualitative adjustments used to determine the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses.
During the nine month period ended September 30, 2015, three residential real estate loans of $191,763, one commercial real estate
loan of $784,348 and one home equity loan of $3,138 were considered defaulted TDRs as they were more than 90 days past due at September
30, 2015. Default occurs when a loan is 90 days or more past due, transferred to nonaccrual or charged-off, and is within twelve
months of restructuring. 

The following table presents the Company s
nonaccrual loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. This table excludes performing troubled debt restructurings. 

6.    INVESTMENTS    

The amortized cost and approximate fair value of
securities, all of which are classified as available-for-sale, are as follows: 

The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale
securities at September 30, 2016, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities
because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

The carrying value of securities pledged as collateral,
to secure public deposits and for other purposes, was $55,492,000 at September 30, 2016 and $25,681,000 at December 31, 2015. 

The carrying value of securities sold under agreement
to repurchase amounted to $6,760,000 at September 30, 2016 and $7,591,000 at December 31, 2015. At September 30, 2016, we had repurchase
agreements secured by mortgage backed securities of $6,588,000, repurchase agreements secured by U.S. government agency bonds of
$1,054,000, and repurchase agreements secured by time deposits in other banks of $741,000. All of our repurchase agreements mature
overnight. The right of offset for a repurchase agreement resembles a secured borrowing, whereby the collateral pledged by the
Company would be used to settle the fair value of the repurchase agreement should the Company be in default. The collateral is
held by the Company in a segregated custodial account. In the event the collateral fair value falls below stipulated levels, the
Company will pledge additional securities. The Company closely monitors collateral levels to ensure adequate levels are maintained. 

Gross gains of $84,000 and $55,000 and gross losses
of $0 resulting from sales of available-for-sale securities were realized during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively. Gross gains of $295,000 and $299,000 and gross losses of $3,000 and $32,000 resulting from sales of available-for-sale
securities were realized during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Gains and losses on the sale of
securities are recorded on the settlement date and are determined using the specific identification method. 

Certain investments in debt securities are reported
in the financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. Total fair value of these investments at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 were $13,912,000, and $30,677,000, respectively, which were approximately 15% and 35% of the Company s
available-for-sale investment portfolio. 

Management believes the declines in fair value for
these securities are temporary. Should the impairment of any of these securities become other than temporary, the cost basis of
the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period the other-than-temporary impairment
is identified. 

The following table shows the gross unrealized losses
and fair value, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss
position, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

The unrealized losses on the Company s investments
in municipal bonds, U.S. government agencies, and mortgage-backed securities were caused by interest rate increases. The contractual
terms of these investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the
investments. Because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not the Company will be
required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost bases, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider
these investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

7.  ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   

The components of accumulated
other comprehensive income, included in stockholders  equity, are as follows: 

8.  CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (AOCI) BY COMPONENT   

Amounts reclassified from AOCI and the affected line
items in the statements of income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, were as follows: 

9.  DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES   

Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. There is a hierarchy of three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  

Level 1   
      Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities   

Level 2   
      Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities   

Level 3   
      Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities   

Recurring Measurements  

 The following table presents the fair value measurements
of assets recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and
the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There have been no significant
changes in the valuation techniques during the nine month period ended September 30, 2016. 

Available-for-Sale Securities -  Where quoted
market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted
market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics
or independent asset pricing services and pricing models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market
parameters, including, but not limited to, yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections,
and cash flows. Such securities are classified in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2
inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 

Nonrecurring Measurements  

 The following table presents the fair value measurement
of assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value
measurements fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

December 31, 2015     

Fair Value Measurements Using     

Quoted Prices       

in Active       
     Significant       

Markets  for       
     Other       
     Significant     

Identical       
     Observable       
     Unobservable     

Assets       
     Inputs       
     Inputs     

Fair Value       
     (Level 1)       
     (Level 2)       
     (Level 3)     
 
     Impaired loans (collateral dependent)    
     $  899,981       
     $  -       
     $  -       
     $  899,981     

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies
and inputs used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated
balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. For assets classified
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, the process used to develop the reported fair value is described below. 

Impaired Loans (Collateral Dependent)  - The
estimated fair value of collateral-dependent impaired loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated
cost to sell. Collateral-dependent impaired loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The Company considers the appraisal or evaluation as
the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other factors and events in the environment that may affect the
fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral-dependent loans are obtained when the loan is determined to be collateral-dependent
and subsequently as deemed necessary. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency. Appraisers are selected from the list
of approved appraisers maintained by management. The appraised values are reduced by discounts to consider lack of marketability
and estimated cost to sell if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale of the collateral. 

Real Estate Owned  
   Real estate owned is carried at the lower of fair value at acquisition date or current estimated
fair value, less estimated cost to sell when the real estate is acquired. Estimated fair value of real estate owned is based on
appraisals or evaluations. Real estate owned is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  

Appraisals of real estate owned are obtained when the
real estate is acquired and subsequently as deemed necessary. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency. Appraisers
are selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by management. The estimated fair value of collateral-dependent impaired
loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less estimated cost to sell. Collateral-dependent impaired loans
are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs  

 The following table presents quantitative information
about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3 fair value measurements (dollars in thousands). 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments  

 The following table presents estimated fair values
of the Company s other financial instruments and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements
fall at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair
value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets at amounts other
than fair value. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Interest-Earning Time
Deposits in Banks, Interest Receivable, Federal Home Loan Bank Stock, and Other Investments  - The carrying amount approximates
fair value. 

Loans Held for Sale  - For homogeneous categories
of loans, such as mortgage loans held for sale, fair value is estimated using the quoted market prices for securities backed by
similar loans, adjusted for differences in loan characteristics. 

Loans -  The fair value of loans is estimated
by discounting the future cash flows using the market rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit
ratings and for the same remaining maturities. Loans with similar characteristics were aggregated for purposes of the calculations. 

Deposits  - Deposits include demand deposits,
savings accounts, NOW accounts and certain money market deposits. The carrying amount approximates fair value. The fair value of
fixed-maturity time deposits is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered for
deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

Short-term Borrowings, Interest Payable, and Advances
from Borrowers for Taxes and Insurance -  The carrying amount approximates fair value. 

Commitments to Originate Loans, Letters of Credit,
and Lines of Credit  - The fair value of commitments to originate loans is estimated using the fees currently charged to enter
into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the present creditworthiness of the counterparties.
For fixed-rate loan commitments, fair value also considers the difference between current levels of interest rates and the committed
rates. The fair values of letters of credit and lines of credit are based on fees currently charged for similar agreements or on
the estimated cost to terminate or otherwise settle the obligations with the counterparties at the reporting date. 

10.    MORTGAGE SERVICING RIGHTS    

Activity in the balance of mortgage servicing rights,
measured using the amortization method, for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015
was as follows: 

Activity in the valuation allowance for mortgage servicing
rights for the nine month period ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31, 2015 was as follows: 

A reconciliation of income tax expense at the statutory
rate to the Company s actual income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is shown below. 

12.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    

The Company is a party to financial instruments with
off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers in the way of commitments
to extend credit. Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition
established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment
of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. Substantially
all of the Company's loans are to borrowers located in Cass, Morgan, Macoupin, Montgomery, and surrounding counties in Illinois. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC. 

ITEM 2.  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition
and results of operations is intended to assist in understanding the financial condition and results of the Company. The information
contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes
thereto. 

Forward Looking
Statements  

 This Form 10-Q contains certain  forward-looking statements 
which may be identified by the use of words such as  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   should, 
 planned,   estimated,  and  potential.  Examples of forward-looking statements include, but
are not limited to, estimates with respect to our financial condition, results of operations and business that are subject to various
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these estimates and most other statements that are not historical
in nature. These factors include, but are not limited to, the effect of disruptions in the financial markets, changes in interest
rates, general economic conditions, deposit flows, demand for mortgage and other loans, real estate values, and competition; changes
in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines; changes in legislation or regulation, including the Dodd-Frank Act; and other
economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory, and technological factors affecting our operations, pricing of products and services.
We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation to revise or
update any forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q to reflect future events or developments. 

Critical Accounting
Policies and Use of Significant Estimates  

 In the ordinary course of business, we have made a number of
estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in preparing our financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Actual results could differ
significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. Management believes the following discussion addresses
our most critical accounting policies and significant estimates, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our
financial condition and results and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgements, often as a result
of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Allowance for Loan Losses  - The Company believes the
allowance for loan losses is the critical accounting policy that requires the most significant judgments and assumptions used in
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. The allowance for loan losses is a material estimate that is particularly
susceptible to significant changes in the near term and is established through a provision for loan losses. The allowance is based
upon past loan experience and other factors which, in management s judgement, deserve current recognition in estimating loan
losses. The evaluation includes a review of all loans on which full collectibility may not be reasonably assured. Other factors
considered by management include the size and character of the loan portfolio, concentrations of loans to specific borrowers or
industries, existing economic conditions and historical losses on each portfolio category. In connection with the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, management obtains independent appraisals for significant properties, which collateralize loans.
Management uses the available information to make such determinations. If circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions
used in making determinations, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary and results of operations could
be affected. While we believe we have established our existing allowance for loan losses in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, there can be no assurance that regulators, in reviewing the Company s
loan portfolio, will not request an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral
cannot be predicted with certainty, there can be no assurance that increases to the allowance will not be necessary if loan quality
deteriorates. 

Foreclosed Assets    Foreclosed assets primarily
consist of real estate owned. Real estate owned acquired through loan foreclosures are initially recorded at fair value less costs
to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. The adjustment at the time of foreclosure is recorded through the allowance
for loan losses. Due to the subjective nature of establishing fair value when the asset is acquired, the actual fair value of the
other real estate owned could differ from the original estimate. If it is determined that fair value of an asset declines subsequent
to foreclosure, the asset is written down through a charge to non-interest expense. Operating costs associated with the assets
after acquisition are also recorded as non-interest expense. Gains and losses on the disposition of other real estate owned are
netted and posted to non-interest expense. 

Deferred Income Tax Assets/Liabilities    Our net
deferred income tax asset arises from differences in the dates that items of income and expense enter into our reported income
and taxable income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for these items as they arise. From an accounting standpoint,
deferred tax assets are reviewed to determine that they are realizable based upon the historical level of our taxable income, estimates
of our future taxable income and the reversals of deferred tax liabilities. In most cases, the realization of the deferred tax
asset is based on our future profitability. If we were to experience net operating losses for tax purposes in a future period,
the realization of our deferred tax assets would be evaluated for a potential valuation reserve. 

Impairment of Goodwill -  Goodwill, an intangible asset
with an indefinite life, was recorded on our balance sheet in prior periods as a result of acquisition activity. Goodwill is evaluated
for impairment annually, unless there are factors present that indicate a potential impairment, in which case, the goodwill impairment
test is performed more frequently. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights -  Mortgage servicing rights
are very sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding
principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be greatly reduced by prepayments. Prepayments usually increase when mortgage
interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. 

Fair Value Measurements    The fair value of a financial
instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties,
other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The Company estimates the fair value of financial instruments using a variety of valuation
methods. Where financial instruments are actively traded and have quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair
value. When the financial instruments are not actively traded, other observable market inputs, such as quoted prices of securities
with similar characteristics, may be used, if available, to determine fair value. When observable market prices do not exist, the
Company estimates fair value. Other factors such as model assumptions and market dislocations can affect estimates of fair value.
Due to judgments and uncertainties involved in the estimation process, the estimates could result in materially different results
under different assumptions and conditions. 

The above listing is not intended to be a comprehensive list
of all our accounting policies. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, with no need for management s judgement in their
application. There are also areas in which management s judgement in selecting any available alternative would not produce
a materially different result. 

Basel III  

 On July 2, 2013, the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System announced its approval of the final rule to implement the Basel III regulatory capital reforms, among
other changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
adopted the new rule on July 9, 2013. The new rule became applicable to Jacksonville Savings Bank beginning in January 2015. The
new rule includes a new minimum ratio of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5%, as well as a capital conservation
buffer of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. The rule also raises the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets from 4%
to 6% and includes a minimum leverage ratio of 4% for all banking institutions. The capital conservation buffer was phased in beginning
in the first quarter of 2016 at 0.625% and will be fully phased in beginning in the first quarter of 2019. 

Financial Condition  

   September 30, 2016 Compared to December 31, 2015   

Total assets at September 30, 2016 were $330.7 million, an increase
of $22.1 million, or 7.2%, from $308.6 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in total assets was primarily due to a $24.7
million increase in cash and cash equivalents and a $5.7 million increase in investment and mortgage-backed securities. The increase
was partially offset by a decrease of $7.6 million in loans receivable. 

Cash and cash equivalents increased $24.7 million to $28.8 million
at September 30, 2016, from $4.1 million at December 31, 2015. Investment and mortgage-backed securities were $93.2 million at
September 30, 2016, an increase of $5.7 million, or 6.5%, from $87.5 million at December 31, 2015. The increase was due to an increase
of $8.5 million in mortgage backed securities, partially offset by a decrease of $2.8 million in investment securities. The decline
in investment securities consisted of a $5.8 million decrease in municipal bonds offset by a $3.0 million increase in U.S. government
and agency securities. The growth in cash and cash equivalents and mortgage-backed securities resulted from the investment of cash
derived from deposit growth. 

Net loans receivable (excluding loans held for sale) decreased
$7.6 million, or 4.0%, to $185.4 million at September 30, 2016 from $193.0 million at December 31, 2015. The decrease in loans
was primarily due to decreases of $3.5 million in agricultural real estate loans, $2.3 million in agricultural business loans,
and $2.2 million in commercial business loans. The decrease in agricultural real estate reflected payoffs, while the decreases
in agricultural business and commercial business loans reflected paydowns on lines of credit. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, goodwill totaled
$2.7 million. At these dates, our goodwill was not impaired. 

Total deposits increased $29.4 million, or 12.3%, to $268.7
million at September 30, 2016 from $239.3 million at December 31, 2015. The increase was primarily due to a $27.9 million increase
in transaction accounts, reflecting an increase of $24.0 million in short-term, seasonal public funds. Other borrowings, which
consisted of $6.8 million in overnight repurchase agreements at September 30, 2016, decreased $8.4 million, or 55.3%, from December
31, 2015. The repurchase agreements are a cash management service provided to our commercial deposit customers. FHLB advances totaling
$8.5 million were paid off during the first quarter of 2016, such that none remained outstanding at September 30, 2016. 

Total stockholders  equity increased $2.7 million, or
6.0%, to $48.3 million at September 30, 2016, compared to $45.6 million at December 31, 2015. The increase in stockholders 
equity was primarily the result of $2.4 million in net income and a $694,000 increase in accumulated other comprehensive income,
partially offset by the payment of $508,000 in cash dividends. Accumulated other comprehensive income increased primarily due to
an increase in unrealized gains, net of tax, on available-for-sale securities reflecting changes in market prices for securities
in our portfolio due to a decrease in market interest rates. Accumulated other comprehensive income does not include changes in
the fair value of other financial instruments included in the condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Results of Operations  

   Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

General:   Net income for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 was $758,000, or $0.43 per common share, basic, and $0.42 per common share, diluted, compared to net income
of $699,000, or $0.40 per common share, basic and $0.39 per common share, diluted, for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
The $58,000 increase in net income during the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the third quarter of 2015, reflected increases
of $18,000 in net interest income and $67,000 in noninterest income and a decrease of $15,000 in provision for loan losses, partially
offset by an increase of $5,000 in noninterest expense and an increase of $37,000 in income taxes. 

Interest Income:   Total interest income for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 increased $28,000, or 1.0%, to $2.9 million, as compared to the same period of 2015. The
increase in interest income reflected increases of $20,000 in interest income on loans, $5,000 in interest income on investment
securities, and $9,000 in interest income on other interest-earning assets, partially offset by a decrease of $6,000 in interest
income on mortgage backed securities. 

Interest income on loans increased $20,000 to $2.3 million during
the third quarter of 2016, as compared to the third quarter of 2015, primarily due to an increase in the average balance of loans.
The average balance of the loan portfolio increased $3.1 million to $194.1 million during the third quarter of 2016, as compared
to the third quarter of 2015. The increase in the average balance of the loan portfolio reflected increases in the average balance
of commercial and agricultural business loans, reflecting higher balances on lines of credit. The average yield decreased to 4.73%
during the third quarter of 2016, compared to 4.76% during the third quarter of 2015, due to the continuing low interest rate environment. 

Interest income on investment securities increased $5,000 to
$432,000 during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015. The increase reflected a $2.7 million increase
in the average balance of investment securities to $62.2 million during the third quarter of 2016, compared to $59.5 million during
the third quarter of 2015 due to increased purchases of U.S. agency bonds to be used for pledging purposes for public funds. The
average yield of investment securities decreased 9 basis points to 2.78% during the third quarter of 2016 from 2.87% during the
third quarter of 2015, due to the continuing low interest rate environment and the higher average balance of lower-yielding U.S.
agency bonds. The majority of our investment portfolio consists of municipal bonds which are exempt from federal taxation, resulting
in a higher tax-equivalent yield. 

Interest income on mortgage-backed securities decreased $6,000
to $112,000 during the third quarter of 2016, compared to the third quarter of 2015. The decrease reflected a $1.3 million decrease
in the average balance of mortgage-backed securities to $29.0 million during the third quarter of 2016, compared to $30.3 million
during the third quarter of 2015. The decrease in the average balance of mortgage-backed securities reflected the use of sales
and payment proceeds to fund new loan originations. The average yield of mortgage-backed securities decreased to 1.55% during the
third quarter of 2016, compared to 1.57% during the third quarter of 2015. 

Interest income on other interest-earning assets, consisting
of interest-earning demand and time deposit accounts and federal funds sold, increased $9,000 during the third quarter of 2016,
compared to the third quarter of 2015. The average balance of these accounts increased $8.1 million to $12.5 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015. The average yield on other
interest-earning assets decreased 33 basis points to 0.61% during the third quarter of 2016 from 0.94% during the third quarter
of 2015. The increase in the average balance and decrease in the average yield reflected an increase in the average balance of
lower-yielding federal funds sold during this same time frame. 

Interest Expense  : Total interest expense increased
$10,000, or 3.8%, to $278,000 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30,
2015. The higher interest expense reflected a $13,000 increase in the cost of deposits, partially offset by a $3,000 decrease in
the cost of other borrowings. 

Interest expense on deposits increased $13,000 to $273,000 during
the third quarter of 2016 compared to $260,000 during the third quarter of 2015. The increase in interest expense on deposits was
primarily due to an increase in the average balance of our deposits during the third quarter of 2016. The average balance of deposits
increased $22.9 million to $229.3 million during the third quarter of 2016, compared to $206.4 million during the third quarter
of 2015. The increase reflected a $28.1 million increase in the average balance of lower cost transaction accounts, partially offset
by a $5.2 million decrease in the average balance of time deposit accounts. The increase in the average balance of transaction
accounts reflected a short-term, seasonal increase in public funds during the third quarter of 2016. The average rate paid on deposits
decreased to 0.47% during the third quarter of 2016 from 0.50% during the third quarter of 2015. The decrease reflected the low
rate environment, as well as a change in the composition of our deposits to lower-cost transaction accounts from higher-cost time
deposits. 

Interest paid on borrowed funds, which consisted of overnight
repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, decreased $3,000 to $5,000 during the third quarter of 2016. The average balance of borrowed
funds decreased $11.8 million to $6.4 million during the third quarter of 2016 compared to $18.2 million during the third quarter
of 2015, reflecting the use of overnight FHLB advances during 2015. The average rate paid on borrowed funds increased to 0.33%
during the third quarter of 2016 compared to 0.17% during the third quarter of 2015. 

Net Interest Income.   As a result of the changes
in interest income and interest expense noted above, net interest income increased by $18,000, or 0.7%, to $2.6 million during
the three months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin decreased
to 3.47% during the third quarter of 2016 from 3.59% during the third quarter of 2015. Our interest rate spread decreased to 3.37%
during the third quarter of 2016 from 3.49% during the third quarter of 2015. Our ratio of interest earning assets to interest
bearing liabilities was 1.26x and 1.27x during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Provision for Loan Losses:   The provision for loan
losses is determined by management as the amount needed to replenish the allowance for loan losses, after net charge-offs have
been deducted, to a level considered adequate to absorb inherent losses in the loan portfolio, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

The provision for loan losses decreased $15,000 to $30,000 during
the third quarter of 2016, compared to $45,000 during the third quarter of 2015, reflecting a decrease in net charge-offs and nonperforming
loans. The allowance for loan losses increased $65,000 to $3.0 million at September 30, 2016 from $2.9 million at December 31,
2015. Net charge-offs decreased to $4,000 during the third quarter of 2016, compared to $50,000 during the third quarter of 2015.
Loans delinquent 30 days or more decreased to $1.2 million, or 0.66% of total loans, as of September 30, 2016, from $2.2 million,
or 1.11% of total loans, as of December 31, 2015. Loans delinquent 30 days or more totaled $2.0 million, or 1.02% of total loans
at September 30, 2015. 

Provisions for loan losses have been made to bring the allowance
for loan losses to a level deemed adequate following management s evaluation of the repayment capacity and collateral protection
afforded by each problem credit. This review also considered the local economy and the level of bankruptcies and foreclosures in
our market area. The following table sets forth information regarding nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. 

Nonperforming assets decreased $454,000 to $1.9 million, or
0.57% of total assets, as of September 30, 2016, compared to $2.4 million, or 0.76% of total assets, as of December 31, 2015. The
decrease in nonperforming assets was due to decreases of $343,000 in nonperforming loans and $111,000 in foreclosed assets. 

The following table shows the aggregate principal amount of
potential problem credits on the Company s watch list at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. All nonaccrual loans are
automatically placed on the watch list. The $551,000 decrease in Special Mention credits during 2016 reflected the payoff of an
agricultural borrower during the second quarter of 2016. The $485,000 decrease in Substandard credits reflected the financial improvement
of a commercial borrower who was removed from the watch list during the second quarter of 2016. 

Non-Interest Income:   Non-interest income increased
$67,000, or 6.6%, to $1.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2016 from $1.0 million during the same period in
2015. The increase in non-interest income resulted primarily from increases of $51,000 in net income from mortgage banking operations,
$29,000 in gains on the sales of available-for-sale securities and $17,000 in service charges on deposits, partially offset by
a decrease of $30,000 in commission income. The increase in net income from mortgage banking operations resulted from a higher
volume of loan sales to the secondary market of $7.2 million during the third quarter of 2016, compared to $4.0 million during
the third quarter of 2015. The increase in gains on the sales of securities also reflected a higher volume of sales of $10.3 million
during the third quarter of 2016 compared to $6.8 million during the same period of 2015. The increase in service charges on deposits
reflected an increase in fees related to nonsufficient funds. The decrease in commission income reflected decreased sales income
during the third quarter of 2016. 

Non-Interest Expense:   Total non-interest expense
increased $5,000, or 0.2%, to $2.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016. The increase was primarily due to an
increase of $39,000 in compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by a decrease of $30,000 in ATM and bank card expense.
The increase in salaries and benefits expense reflected normal cost increases. The decrease in ATM and bank card expense reflected
lower processing fees during the third quarter of 2016 and the extra expenses related to our conversion to chip cards during the
third quarter of 2015. 

Income Taxes:   The provision for income taxes increased
$37,000 to $267,000 during the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. The increase in the income tax provision
reflected an increase in taxable income. The effective tax rate was 26.1% and 24.8% during the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015   

General:   Net income during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 was $2,351,000, or $1.32 per common share, basic, and $1.31 per common share, diluted, compared to net income
of $2,322,000, or $1.31 per common share, basic, and $1.30 per common share, diluted, during the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The $29,000 increase in net income reflected an increase of $127,000 in net interest income and a decrease of $20,000 in
provision for loan losses, partially offset by a decrease of $16,000 in noninterest income and increases of $96,000 in noninterest
expense and $6,000 in income taxes. 

Interest Income:   Total interest income during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $26,000, or 0.3%, to $8.6 million from the same period of 2015. The increase
in interest income reflected increases of $105,000 in interest income on investment securities and $24,000 in interest income on
other interest earning assets, partially offset by decreases of $37,000 in interest income on loans and $66,000 in interest income
on mortgage backed securities. 

Interest income on loans decreased $37,000 to $6.9 million during
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease in interest income on loans was due
to a decrease in the average yield of loans, partially offset by an increase in the average balance of loans. The average yield
on loans decreased to 4.78% during the first nine months of 2016 from 4.93% during the first nine months of 2015. The decrease
in the average yield on loans reflected lower market rates of interest and the competitive lending environment. The average balance
of the loan portfolio increased $5.0 million to $193.3 million during the first nine months of 2016 from $188.3 million during
the first nine months of 2015. The increase in the average balance of the loan portfolio reflected increases in the average balance
of agricultural business and commercial business loans, reflecting higher balances on lines of credit. 

Interest income on investment securities increased $105,000
to $1.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 from the same period of 2015. The increase in interest income reflected
a $6.4 million increase in the average balance of the investment portfolio to $61.6 million during the first nine months of 2016,
as compared to the prior year period. The increase in the average balance of investment securities reflected the investment of
funds from deposit growth. The average yield of investment securities decreased to 2.83% during the first nine months of 2016 from
2.90% for the first nine months of 2015 due to low market interest rates. The majority of our investment portfolio consists of
municipal bonds which are exempt from federal taxation, resulting in a higher tax-equivalent yield. 

Interest income on mortgage-backed securities decreased $66,000
to $339,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to the same period of 2015. The decrease primarily reflected
a decrease in the average balance of mortgage-backed securities. The average balance of mortgage-backed securities decreased $9.7
million to $23.8 million during the first nine months of 2016, reflecting the use of sales and payment proceeds for the origination
of new loans. The average yield of mortgage-backed securities increased 29 basis points to 1.90% for the first nine months of 2016,
compared to 1.61% for the first nine months of 2015. The average yield of mortgage-backed securities was positively impacted by
lower premium amortization resulting from slower national prepayment speeds on mortgage-backed securities. 

Interest income on other interest-earning assets, consisting
of interest-earning demand and time deposit accounts and federal funds sold, increased $24,000 to $46,000 during the first nine
months of 2016, compared to the same period of 2015. The average yield on other interest-earning assets increased 32 basis points
to 0.74% during the first nine months of 2016 from 0.42% during the first nine months of 2015. The average balance of other interest-earning
assets increased $1.3 million to $8.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase in the average yield and average balance reflected an increase in the average balance of higher-yielding
time deposits with other banks during this same time frame. 

Interest Expense  : Total interest expense decreased
$101,000, or 11.5%, to $774,000 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $875,000 during the nine months ended
September 30, 2015. The lower interest expense primarily reflected a $98,000 decrease in the cost of deposits. 

Interest expense on deposits decreased $98,000 to $758,000 for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $856,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease in interest
expense on deposits was primarily due to a decrease in the average rate paid on deposits. The average rate paid on deposits decreased
to 0.46% during the first nine months of 2016 from 0.54% during the first nine months of 2015, as a result of the low interest
rate environment. The decrease also reflected a change in the composition of our deposits to lower-cost transaction accounts from
higher-cost time deposits. The average balance of deposits increased $7.8 million to $218.2 million for the first nine months of
2016 compared to $210.4 million for the first nine months of 2015. The increase reflected an $18.1 million increase in the average
balance of lower cost transaction accounts, partially offset by a decrease of $10.3 million in the average balance of time deposit
accounts. 

Interest paid on borrowed funds, which consisted of overnight
repurchase agreements and FHLB advances, decreased $3,000 to $15,000 during the first nine months of 2016, compared to the same
period of 2015. The average balance of borrowed funds decreased $5.8 million to $6.4 million during the first nine months of 2016
reflecting the use of overnight funds from the FHLB during 2015. The average rate paid on borrowed funds increased to 0.32% during
the first nine months of 2016 compared to 0.20% during the first nine months of 2015. 

Net Interest Income.   As a result of the changes
in interest income and interest expense noted above, net interest income increased by $127,000, or 1.7%, to $7.8 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2016 from $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015. Our net interest margin increased
to 3.54% for the first nine months of 2016 from 3.51% for the first nine months of 2015. Our interest rate spread increased to
3.64% during the first nine months of 2016 from 3.62% during the first nine months of 2015. 

Provision for Loan Losses:   The provision for loan
losses is determined by management as the amount needed to replenish the allowance for loan losses, after net charge-offs have
been deducted, to a level considered adequate to absorb inherent losses in the loan portfolio, in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The following table shows the activity in the allowance for loan losses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. 

The allowance for loan losses increased $67,000 to $3.0 million
at September 30, 2016, from $2.9 million at September 30, 2015. The provision decreased $20,000 to $90,000 during the first nine
months of 2016, compared to $110,000 during the first nine months of 2015. Net charge-offs equaled $25,000 during the first nine
months of 2016, compared to $149,000 during the first nine months of 2015. 

Non-Interest Income:   Non-interest income decreased
$16,000, or 0.5%, to $3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The decrease in non-interest income resulted primarily
from a decrease of $104,000 in commission income, partially offset by increases of $39,000 in net income from mortgage banking
operations, $34,000 in ATM and debit card interchange income, and $32,000 in service charges on deposits. The decrease in commission
income reflected decreased sales income during the first nine months of 2016. Net income from mortgage banking operations increased
due to a higher volume of loan sales during 2016, as we sold $14.2 million of one-to-four family residential real estate loans
to the secondary market during the first nine months of 2016, compared to $12.8 million during the same period of 2015. The increase
in ATM and debit card interchange income reflected a higher volume of transactions. The increase in service charges on deposits
reflected an increase in fees related to nonsufficient funds. 

Non-Interest Expense:   Total non-interest expense
increased $97,000, or 1.3%, to $7.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. The
increase in non-interest expense consisted primarily of increases of $160,000 in salaries and benefits expense and $24,000 in occupancy
expense, partially offset by an $81,000 decrease in other noninterest expense. The increase in salaries and benefits expense reflected
normal cost increases. The increase in occupancy expense reflected higher repair and maintenance costs on bank facilities during
2016. The decrease in other noninterest expense was primarily due to a decrease of $49,000 in other real estate expense, which
reflected gains on the sale of real estate owned properties during the first nine months of 2016. 

Income Taxes:   The provision for income taxes increased
$6,000 to $854,000 during the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period of 2015. The increase in the income tax provision
reflected a higher level of taxable income. The effective tax rate was 26.7% and 26.8% during the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

The Company s most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents.
The levels of these assets are dependent on the Company s operating, financing, and investing activities. At September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents totaled $28.8 million and $4.1 million, respectively. The Company s
primary sources of funds include principal and interest repayments on loans (both scheduled payments and prepayments), maturities
of investment securities and principal repayments from mortgage-backed securities (both scheduled payments and prepayments). During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the most significant sources of funds have been deposit growth, calls and sales of investment
securities, and principal repayments on loans and mortgage-backed securities. These funds have been used primarily for purchases
of cash and cash equivalents, U.S. agency and mortgage-backed securities. 

While scheduled loan repayments and proceeds from maturing investment
securities and principal repayments on mortgage-backed securities are relatively predictable, deposit flows and prepayments are
more influenced by interest rates, general and local economic conditions, and competition. The Company attempts to price its deposits
to meet asset-liability objectives and stay competitive with local market conditions. 

Liquidity management is both a short- and long-term responsibility
of management. The Company adjusts its investments in liquid assets based upon management s assessment of (i) expected loan
demand, (ii) projected purchases of investment and mortgage-backed securities, (iii) expected deposit flows, (iv) yields available
on interest-earning deposits, and (v) liquidity of its asset/liability management program. Excess liquidity is generally invested
in interest-earning overnight deposits and other short-term U.S. agency obligations. If the Company requires funds beyond its ability
to generate them internally, it has the ability to borrow funds from the FHLB. The Company may borrow from the FHLB under a blanket
agreement which assigns all investments in FHLB stock as well as qualifying first mortgage loans equal to 150% of the outstanding
balance as collateral to secure the amounts borrowed. This borrowing arrangement is limited to a maximum of 30% of the Company s
total assets or twenty times the balance of FHLB stock held by the Company. At September 30, 2016, the Company had no outstanding
FHLB advances and approximately $71.9 million available to it under the above-mentioned borrowing arrangement. 

The Company maintains minimum levels of liquid assets as established
by the Board of Directors. The Company s liquidity ratios at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were 33.9% and 32.0%,
respectively. This ratio represents the volume of short-term liquid assets as a percentage of net deposits and borrowings due within
one year. 

The Company must also maintain adequate levels of liquidity
to ensure the availability of funds to satisfy loan commitments. The Company anticipates that it will have sufficient funds available
to meet its current commitments principally through the use of current liquid assets and through its borrowing capacity discussed
above. The following table summarizes these commitments at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital
adequacy require the Bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, Tier 1 and common equity
Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average
assets (as defined). In addition, the Bank is subject to the new capital conservation buffer which was phased in beginning in the
first quarter of 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets. The capital conservation buffer will continue to increase 0.625% each
year until fully phased in at 2.50% of risk-weighted assets beginning in the first quarter of 2019. Management believes that at
September 30, 2016, the Bank met all its capital adequacy requirements and is well capitalized. 

Under Illinois law, Illinois-chartered savings banks are required
to maintain a minimum core capital to total assets ratio of 3%. The Illinois Commissioner of Savings and Residential Finance (the
 Commissioner ) is authorized to require a savings bank to maintain a higher minimum capital level if the Commissioner
determines that the savings bank s financial condition or history, management or earnings prospects are not adequate. If
a savings bank s core capital ratio falls below the required level, the Commissioner may direct the savings bank to adhere
to a specific written plan established by the Commissioner to correct the savings bank s capital deficiency, as well as a
number of other restrictions on the savings bank s operations, including a prohibition on the declaration of dividends by
the savings bank s board of directors. At September 30, 2016, the Bank s core capital ratio was 13.16% of total average
assets, which substantially exceeded the required amount. 

The Bank is also required to maintain regulatory capital requirements
imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. At September 30, 2016, minimum requirements and the Bank's actual ratios
were as follows: 

Effect of Inflation and Changing Prices  

The condensed consolidated financial statements and related
financial data presented herein have been prepared in accordance with GAAP which require the measurement of financial position
and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money
over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of the Company s operations. Unlike
most industrial companies, virtually all the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result,
interest rates generally have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than do general levels of
inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. 

The following table sets forth the average balances and interest
rates (yields/costs) on the Company s assets and liabilities during the periods presented. 

The following table sets forth the changes in rate and changes
in volume of the Company s interest earning assets and liabilities for the comparative three month periods. 

The following table sets forth the average balances and interest
rates (yields/costs) on the Company s assets and liabilities during the periods presented. 

The following table sets forth the changes in rate and changes
in volume of the Company s interest earning assets and liabilities for the comparative nine month periods. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC. 

ITEM 3.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

The Company s policy in recent years has been to reduce
its interest rate risk by better matching the maturities of its interest rate sensitive assets and liabilities, selling its long-term
fixed-rate residential mortgage loans with terms of 15 years or more to the secondary market, originating adjustable rate loans,
and balloon loans with terms ranging from three to five years and originating consumer and commercial business loans, which typically
are for a shorter duration and at higher rates of interest than one-to-four family residential loans. Our portfolio of mortgage-backed
securities also provides monthly cash flows. The remaining investment portfolio has been structured to better match the maturities
and rates of its interest-bearing liabilities. With respect to liabilities, the Company has attempted to increase its savings and
transaction deposit accounts, which management believes are more resistant to changes in interest rates than certificate accounts.
The Board of Directors appoints the Asset-Liability Management Committee (ALCO), which is responsible for reviewing the Company s
asset and liability policies. The ALCO meets quarterly to review interest rate risk and trends, as well as liquidity and capital
ratio requirements. 

The Company uses a comprehensive asset/liability software package
provided by a third-party vendor to perform interest rate sensitivity analysis for all product categories. The primary focus of
the Company s analysis is on the effect of interest rate increases and decreases on net interest income. Management believes
that this analysis reflects the potential effects on current earnings of interest rate changes. Call criteria and prepayment assumptions
are taken into consideration for investment securities and loans. All of the Company s interest rate sensitive assets and
liabilities are analyzed by product type and repriced based upon current offering rates. The software performs interest rate sensitivity
analysis by performing rate shocks of plus or minus 300 basis points in 100 basis point increments. 

The following table shows projected results at September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015 of the impact on net interest income from an immediate change in interest rates, as well as the benchmarks
established by the ALCO. The results are shown as a dollar and percentage change in net interest income over the next twelve months. 

The table above indicates that as of September 30, 2016, in
the event of a 200 basis points increase in interest rates, we would experience a 0.65% increase in net interest income. In the
event of a 100 basis points decrease in interest rates, we would experience a 2.01% decrease in net interest income. 

The foregoing computations are based upon numerous assumptions,
including relative levels of market interest rates, prepayments, and deposit mix. The computed estimates should not be relied upon
as a projection of actual results. Despite the limitations on precision inherent in these computations, management believes that
the information provided is reasonably indicative of the effect of changes in interest rate levels on the net earning capacity
of the Company s current mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities. Management continues to use the
results of these computations, along with the results of its computer model projections, in order to maximize current earnings
while positioning the Company to minimize the effect of a prolonged shift in interest rates that would adversely affect future
results of operations. 

At the present time, the most significant market risk affecting
the Company is interest rate risk. Other market risks such as foreign currency exchange risk and commodity price risk do not occur
in the normal business of the Company. The Company also is not currently using trading activities or derivative instruments to
control interest rate risk. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC. 

ITEM 4.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures  

The Company s management, including the Company s
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s  disclosure
controls and procedures,  as such term is defined in Rule 13(a)-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Based upon their evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial
officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective for the purpose of ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files
or submits under the Exchange Act with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) (1) is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal
Controls  

There have been no changes in the Company s internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13(a)-15(e) that occurred during the Company s
last fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION  

Item 1.   
         Legal Proceedings    

At September 30, 2016, the Company is not involved in
any pending legal proceedings other than non-material legal proceedings undertaken in the normal course of business. 

Item 1.A.  
         Risk Factors    

There have been no material changes in the Company s
risk factors from those disclosed in its annual report on Form 10-K or quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. 

Item 2.   
         Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

The following table sets forth the issuer purchases
of equity securities during the prior three months. 

(1)  On October 16, 2013, the Company announced the adoption of a stock repurchase program under which the Company can repurchase
up to 92,018 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5% of the then current outstanding shares. The program provides for repurchases
through open market or private transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan adopted in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has completed the repurchase of 73,260 shares permitted under
the program. The program will continue until it is completed or terminated by the Company s Board of Directors.   

Item 3.   
         Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

None. 

Item 4.   
         Mine Safety Disclosures    

None. 

Item 5.   
         Other Information    

None. 

Item 6.   
         Exhibits    

31.1 - Certification of the Chief
Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

 31.2 - Certification of the Chief
Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

32.1 - Certification of the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

 101 INS - XBRL Instance Document 

 101 SCH - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

 101 CAL - XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase
Document 

 101 DEF - XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
Linkbase Document 

 101 LAB - XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 

 101 PRE - XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase
Document 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

JACKSONVILLE BANCORP, INC.   

Registrant   

Date:   11/10/2016    
      /s/ Richard A. Foss   

Richard A. Foss   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

/s/ Diana S. Tone   

Diana S. Tone   

Chief Financial Officer   

EXHIBITS 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 t1600716_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

  Certification of Chief Executive Officer  

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Richard A. Foss, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading
with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 t1600716_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2  

  Certification of Chief Financial Officer  

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

I, Diana S. Tone, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

b)  designed such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle;   

c)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and   

d)  disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

a)  all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 t1600716_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

Certification
pursuant to  

  18 U.S.C. Section 1350,  

  as adopted pursuant to  

  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002  

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Jacksonville Bancorp,
Inc. ( Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Richard A. Foss, President and Chief Executive Officer and I, Diana S. Tone,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  1350, as adopted pursuant to  906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002: 

(1)  the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and   

(2)  the information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

11/10/16   
      /s/Richard A. Foss   
 
      Date  
      Richard A. Foss   

President and Chief Executive Officer   

11/10/16   
      /s/Diana S. Tone   
 
      Date  
      Diana S. Tone   

Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 jxsb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 jxsb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 jxsb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 jxsb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 jxsb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 jxsb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

