<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161024_10-Q_edgar_data_1435387_0001144204-16-129155_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2137052</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82004</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>164088</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>298521</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>978716</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>570533</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>38</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-129155.hdr.sgml : 20161024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161024153623
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-129155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Discovery Energy Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435387
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL AND GAS FIELD EXPLORATION SERVICES [1382]
		IRS NUMBER:				980507846
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53520
		FILM NUMBER:		161948109

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RIVERWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(713) 840-6495

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE RIVERWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77056

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Santos Resource Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080516

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-129155.txt : 20161024

10-Q
 1
 v450910_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(MARK ONE)  

For the quarterly period ended August 31,
2016  

For the transition period from                        to  

Commission file number  000-53520   

DISCOVERY ENERGY CORP.  

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

Nevada   
       98-0507846    
 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)  
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

One Riverway Drive, Suite 1700, Houston,
Texas 77056  

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

713-840-6495  

 (Registrant s telephone number 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes   x  
   No        

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes  
  x    No      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  
      x   
 
      (Do not check if smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes        
 No     x  

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of
each of the issuer s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: 140,189,501 as of October 20, 2016. 

PART
I     -     FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Item 1. Financial Statements.  

  Discovery Energy Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Discovery Energy Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Other
Comprehensive Loss 

 For the Three and Six Months Ended August 31,
2016 and 2015 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Discovery Energy Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Six Months Ended August 31, 2016 and
2015 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Discovery Energy Corp. and Subsidiary  

 Notes to the Unaudited Consolidated Financial
Statements 

1.    Nature of Operations and Basis of Presentation    

The principal business
of Discovery Energy, Inc. (the  Company ) is the proposed exploration and development of the 584,651 gross acres (the
 Prospect ) in the State of South Australia covered by Petroleum Exploration License (PEL) 512 (the  License ).
The Prospect involves a 100% working interest in the preceding acreage, which overlies portions of the Cooper and Eromanga basins.
The Company has not presently determined whether the Prospect contains any crude oil and natural gas reserves that are economically
recoverable. While the Company s present focus is on the Prospect, the Company may consider the acquisition of other attractive
oil and gas properties under the right circumstances. 

In May 2012, the Company
incorporated a wholly-owned Australian subsidiary, Discovery Energy SA Ltd. (the  Subsidiary ) for purposes of acquiring
the License. On May 25, 2016 the Subsidiary changed its status from a public company to private company (as those forms of entities
are provided under applicable Australian law) and, accordingly changed its name to Discovery Energy SA Pty Ltd. 

2.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Basis of Presentation  

The accompanying unaudited
interim financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and should be read in conjunction with the audited
financial statements and notes thereto contained in the Company s February 29, 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
the SEC. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation
of financial position and the results of operations for the interim periods presented have been reflected herein. The results of
operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. Notes to the financial
statements, which would substantially duplicate the disclosure contained in the audited financial statements for the most recent
fiscal year end February 29, 2016, as reported on Form 10-K, have been omitted. 

Principles of Consolidation  

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Basic and Diluted Net
Income (Loss) Per Share  

The Company computes net
income (loss) per share in accordance with FASB accounting standards for  Earnings  per Share ,  which requires
presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing
net income (loss) available to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator)
during the period. Diluted EPS gives effect to all dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the treasury
stock method and convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method. If investors exercise their debenture conversion rights and purchase warrant rights, the Company would issue 24,687,500 and
13,875,000 common shares respectively. In computing diluted EPS, the average stock price for
the period would be used in determining the number of shares assumed to be purchased from the exercise of stock options or warrants.
Diluted EPS excludes all dilutive potential shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 

Comprehensive Loss  

FASB accounting standard for  Reporting
Comprehensive Income,  establishes standards for the reporting and display of comprehensive loss and its components in the
financial statements. As of August 31, 2016, the Company recognized Currency translation adjustments as a component of Comprehensive
loss. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents  

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with maturity
of three months or less at the time of acquisition to be cash equivalents. 

Oil and Gas Property
and Exploration Costs  

The Company is in the exploration stage and
has not yet realized any revenue from its planned operations. It is primarily engaged in the proposed exploration and development
of the Prospect and the extraction of crude oil and natural gas located there under. The Company applies the successful efforts
method of accounting for oil and gas properties. Under this method, exploration costs such as exploratory geological and geophysical
costs, delay rentals and exploratory overhead are expensed as incurred. Costs to acquire mineral interests in crude oil and natural
gas properties, drill and equip exploratory wells that find proved reserves, and drill and equip development wells are capitalized.
Acquisition costs of unproved leaseholds are assessed for impairment during the holding period and transferred to proved oil and
gas properties to the extent associated with successful exploration activities. Significant undeveloped leases are assessed individually
for impairment, based on the Company s current exploration plans, and a valuation allowance is provided if impairment is
indicated. Capitalized costs of producing crude oil and natural gas properties, along with support equipment and facilities, are
amortized to expense by the unit-of-production method based on proved crude oil and natural gas reserves on a field-by-field basis,
as estimated by qualified petroleum engineers. 

Long-lived Assets  

In accordance with FASB accounting standard
 Accounting  for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets ,  the carrying value of long-lived assets is reviewed
on a regular basis for the existence of facts or circumstances that may suggest impairment. The Company recognizes impairment when
the sum of the expected undiscounted future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the asset. Impairment losses, if any,
are measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its estimated fair value. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments and Derivative Financial Instruments  

The Company has adopted FASB s accounting
standards for Disclosure about Derivative Financial Instruments and Fair Value of Financial Instruments. The carrying amounts of
cash, receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and shareholder loan approximate their fair values because of the
short maturity of these items. Certain fair value estimates may be subject to and involve uncertainties and matters of significant
judgment, and, therefore, cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect these estimates.
The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes, nor does it utilize derivative instruments in the
management of its foreign exchange, commodity price, or interest rate market risks. 

Income Taxes  

Deferred income taxes are reported for timing
differences between items of income or expense reported in the financial statements and those reported for income tax purposes
in accordance with FASB s accounting standard for income taxes, which requires the use of the asset/liability method of accounting
for income taxes. Deferred income taxes and tax benefits are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and for tax
loss and credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The Company provides a valuation
allowance for deferred taxes for the estimated future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carry-forwards when
realization is not more likely than not. 

The Company accounts for
uncertain income tax positions in accordance with FASB s accounting standard for Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,
which requires that the Company recognize in the financial statements, the impact of a tax position, if that position is more likely
than not of being sustained on examination by taxation authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. 

Foreign Currency Translation  

The Company's functional and reporting currency
is the United States dollar. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated in accordance with
FASB s accounting standard for  Foreign  Currency Translation ,  using the exchange rate prevailing at the
balance sheet date. Non-monetary assets are translated at historical exchange rates, and revenue and expense items at the average
rate of exchange prevailing during the period. Differences resulting from translation are presented in equity as Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income. Gains and losses arising on settlement of foreign currency denominated transactions or balances are included
in the determination of income. Foreign currency transactions are primarily undertaken in Canadian and Australian dollars. The
Company has not, to the date of these financial statements, entered into derivative instruments to offset the impact of foreign
currency fluctuations. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

The Company does not expect the adoption of any recently issued
accounting pronouncements to have a significant effect on its financial statements. 

Fair Value Considerations  

The Company follows ASC
820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,  as amended by Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Financial
Staff Position (FSP) No. 157 and related guidance. Those provisions relate to the Company s financial assets and liabilities
carried at fair value and the fair value disclosures related to financial assets and liabilities. ASC 820 defines fair value, expands
related disclosure requirements, and specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on the nature of the inputs used to develop
the fair value measures. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, assuming the transaction occurs in the
principal or most advantageous market for that asset or liability. 

There are three levels
of inputs to fair value measurements - Level 1, meaning the use of quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; Level
2, meaning the use of quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments
in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, meaning the use of unobservable inputs. The
Company uses Level 1 inputs for its fair value measurements whenever there is an active market, with actual quotes, market prices,
and observable inputs on the measurement date. The Company uses Level 2 inputs for fair value measurements whenever there are quoted
prices for similar securities in an active market or quoted prices for identical securities in an inactive market. The Company
uses observable market data whenever available. 

Derivative Liabilities  

In accordance with
ASC 815-40-25 and ASC 815-10-15 Derivatives and Hedging and ASC 480-10-25 Liabilities-Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity,
the embedded derivate associated with the convertible debenture payable and warrant are accounted for as liabilities
during the term of the related note payable and warrant. 

3.    Going Concern    

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which implies the Company will continue to realize
its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not generated revenues since inception
and has never paid dividends and is unlikely to pay dividends or generate earnings in the immediate or foreseeable future. The
continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to obtain necessary equity or debt
financing to continue operations, the successful development of the Prospect or one or more alternative oil and gas properties,
and the attainment of profitable operations. As of August 31, 2016, the Company has not generated any revenues and has an accumulated
loss of $10,070,175 since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern.    The accompanying financial statements
do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities
that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.  

In May 2016, we secured
$3.5 million in funding through a convertible debenture sale. In August 2016, we secured an additional $450,000 in funding by that
sale of two additional convertible debentures, one in the original principal amount of $200,000 acquired by the Original Purchaser
of the first $3.5 million Debenture (the  Original Purchaser ) and one in the original principal amount of $250,000
acquired by a New Purchaser (the  New Purchaser ). The New Purchaser has an obligation to acquire additional debentures
(the  Rincon-Related Debentures ) not to exceed in the aggregate the lesser of $150,000 or those amounts that are paid
to Rincon Energy, LLC pursuant to a geophysical consulting agreement among the Company, the New Purchaser, Rincon Energy, LLC and
the Company s subsidiary. 

The New Purchaser
also has the right but not the obligation to acquire additional Debentures ( Additional Debentures ) through
September 30, 2018, provided that a cap is imposed on the aggregate principal amount of Additional Debentures that may be
acquired (the  Principal Cap ). The Principal Cap is initially the difference between $1,250,000 minus the
aggregate principal amount of any Rincon-Related Debentures purchased by the New Purchaser. Starting January 1, 2017, the
Principal Cap will be reduced further by the aggregate principal amount of any Additional Debentures acquired or (if greater)
specified dollar amounts that increase over time. The Conversion Price for Additional Debentures issued prior to January 1,
2017 will be $0.16 per share, while the Conversion Price for Additional Debentures issued after that date will be $0.20 per
share. 

In addition, the Original
Purchaser of the $3.5 million convertible debentures has a right of first offer through the end of June 2017 to invest an additional
$20.0 million in our company. 

4.    Oil and Gas Properties    

On May 19, 2014, the Company
received notice from the Government of South Australia that this government had issued certain modifications to the License and
suspended the License for a period of six months. Such a suspension functions like an extension. Under the amended License, the
Company will be required to drill 7 exploratory wells rather than 12, as originally required. These required wells must be drilled
in years 3, 4, and 5 (2, 2, and 3 wells, respectively). The amount of required 2D seismic was also reduced to 100 kilometers (in
year 3) from 250 kilometers (in year 2) but the total 3D seismic work guaranteed increased to 500 square kilometers from 400 square
kilometers. However, the 3D seismic survey requirement is spread over years 2, 3 and 4 (100, 200 and 200 sq. km. respectively).
Subsequent to this modification and suspension, the Company received two additional six-month suspensions, one in February 2015
and one in July 2015, and a one-year suspension in February 2016. In view of these modifications and suspensions, the Company s
remaining work commitment involves the following: 

5.    Related Party Transactions    

As of August 31, 2016 and
February 29, 2016, the Company owed $137,419 and $123,508, respectively, to certain Company directors for reimbursement of expenses
paid on behalf of the Company. 

In addition, as of August
31, 2016 and February 29, 2016, the Company owed $146,353 and $139,953, respectively, for promissory notes issued to various related
parties. 

6.    Promissory Notes    

Two promissory notes were issued on October
26, 2012 to Liberty Petroleum Corporation ( Liberty ) upon delivery of the License with an aggregate principal amount
of $650,000. The original terms of the note were: 

These promissory notes
had undergone a number of amendments, including extensions of the due dates. On September 26, 2013, these promissory notes were
combined into a single consolidation promissory note (the  Consolidated Note ) in the original principal amount of
$542,294, as some of the principal had been reduced and some interest had accrued. 

On July 20, 2016, the Company
and Liberty amended the Consolidated Note so that the all the previous outstanding principal ($542,294) and the interest accrued
through May 5, 2016 ($45,430) were combined. The resulting new principal ($587,724) of this Note and interest that accrues on the
Note after May 5, 2016 shall be due in a single balloon payment on September 20, 2016, and provided that on or prior to the Due
Date of September 20, 2016, the Note can be paid in its entirety by the Company s a) payment in cash of $300,000, plus the
amount of accrued interest and b) issuance of 1,150,895 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, which number of
shares was determined by dividing $287,724 by a per-share price of $0.25. 

On August 23, 2016, the
Company made a payment to Liberty in the amount of $100,000 to reduce the principal amount ($587,724) of the Consolidated Note
to $487,724. Effective August 23, 2016, the Company and Liberty further amended the Consolidated Note so that all outstanding principal
of this Note and interest that accrues on the Consolidated Note after May 5, 2016 shall be due in a single balloon payment on October
31, 2016, and provided that on or prior to the new due date of October 31, 2016, the Consolidated Note can be paid in its entirety
by the Company s (a) payment in cash of $200,000, plus the amount of interest that accrues on the Consolidated Note after
May 5, 2016 and (b) issuance of 1,150,895 restricted shares of the Company s common stock, which number of shares was determined
by dividing $287,724 by a per-share price of $0.25. 

On July 16, 2016, the Company
entered into an amendment of a previous unsecured corporate demand note with related party, Keith Spickelmier. The note was in
the amount of $10,000 and the maximum term was amended and extended to the second anniversary from the date of the note. None of
the other provisions of the original notes were changed. 

On August 12, 2016, the
Company entered into an amendment of a previous unsecured corporate demand note with related party, William Begley. The note was
in the amount of $3,000 and the maximum term was amended and extended to the first anniversary from the date of the note. None
of the other provisions of the original notes were changed. 

7.    Convertible Debentures Payable    

On May 27, 2016, the Company
sold a $3.5 million senior secured convertible debenture (the  Initial Debenture ) to DEC Funding LLC (the  Original
Investor ). The Initial Debenture is due on May 27, 2021 and bears interest at 8% per annum. The use of these proceeds is
limited to the payment of our and the Original Investor s costs of the transaction (including legal fees), the funding of
our 3D seismic survey with respect to our Prospect and the interpretation of such seismic survey, and the payment of our expenses
associated with the seismic survey. The remainder of these proceeds may be used for general and administrative expenses with the
Original Investor s consent. The conversion price for the Initial Debentures is $0.16, subject to certain adjustments that
are believed to be customary in transactions of this nature. The Initial Debenture is secured by virtually all of the Company s
assets owned directly or indirectly but for the License. As discussed elsewhere herein, the Company has sold, and may in the future
sell, additional senior secured convertible debenture having the same terms and security as the Initial Debenture. 

Among other provisions,
the Initial Debenture sale transaction included warrants to purchase 13,125,000 shares of the Company s common stock at $0.20
(the  Warrant ). The warrants have a three-year term. Further information regarding the details of this transaction
is found in Form 8K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 3, 2016. The Company incurred legal and professional
fees in the amount of $180,000 related to the sale transaction that were accounted for as debt discount. 

The Company also recorded
debt discount in the amount of $3,320,000 related to the conversion feature associated with this debenture. 

On August 16, 2016, the
Company entered into a first amendment (the  Amendment ) to the securities purchase agreement (the  Agreement )
that the Company entered into on May 27, 2016 with the Original Investor. The Company first reported on the Agreement in a Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2016 (the   Initial 8-K  ).
The Initial 8-K contains a summary description of the Agreement, and a copy of the Agreement was filed as Exhibit 10.01 to the
Initial 8-K. For more information about the Agreement, see the Initial 8-K. 

The parties to the Amendment
include the Company, the Original Investor and a new investor (the   New Investor  ). In connection with the
Amendment, the parties to the Amendment also entered into related documentation. 

Pursuant to the Amendment,
the Company sold the following securities: to the New Investor, a Senior Secured Convertible Debenture due May 27, 2021 having
an original principal amount of $250,000 (singly a   Debenture   and collectively with any similar securities issued
in the future, the   Debentures  ), and to the Original Investor, a Debenture due May 27, 2021 having an original
principal amount of $200,000 (in May 2016, the Original Investor purchased the Initial Debenture having an original principal
amount of $3,500,000), and to the Original Investor, warrants (the   Warrants  ) to purchase up to a maximum of
750,000 shares (prior to any required adjustment) of the Company's common stock (singly a   Common Share   and
collectively the   Common Shares  ) at an initial per-share exercise price of $0.20 (in May 2016, the Original
Investor received Warrants to purchase up to a maximum of 13,125,000 Common Shares at the foregoing exercise price). 

The Debenture and the Warrant
include a reset provision whereby the investor is entitled to reset the conversion price of the Debenture and the Warrant in the
event that the Company issues securities priced below the conversion price of the Debenture or the Warrant. The Company has analyzed
the reset provision of the Debenture and Warrant and calculated the fair market value of the ensuing derivative liability, as discussed
in Note 8. 

In conjunction with the
Amendment, the Company incurred legal costs of $35,699, which were recorded as debt discount and offset against the carrying value
of the Debentures. The Company also recorded debt discount in the amount of $414,300 related to the conversion feature associated
with these debentures. 

The Company recognized
$146,651 of debt discount amortization related to all of the Debentures during the three months ended August 31, 2016. The Company
recognized $154,318 of debt discount amortization respectively during the six months ended August 31, 2016. There was no debt discount
amortization recognized by the Company during the three and six months ended August 31, 2015. 

8.    Derivative Liabilities    

The debentures and related
warrants issued by the Company contain a price-reset provision (the  Reset Provision ) that gives rise to a derivative
liability. The Company has measured its derivative liability at fair value and recognized the derivative value as a long-term
liability and recorded the derivative value on its consolidated balance sheet. The derivative is valued primarily using a binomial
latticed-based model based on unobservable inputs that are supported by little to no market activity. These inputs represent management s
best estimate of what market participants would use in pricing the liability at the measurement date and thus are classified as
Level 3. Changes in the fair values of the derivative are recognized as earnings or losses in the current period. 

The fair values of derivative
liability related to the Reset Provision contained within the debentures as of May 27, 2016, and as of August 31, 2016 were estimated
on the transaction dates and balance sheet dates under the following assumptions: 

The fair values of derivative
liability related to the Reset Provision contained within the warrants as of May 27, 2016, the date of issuance, and as of August
31, 2016 were estimated on the transaction dates and balance sheet dates under the following assumptions: 

The changes in fair values
of the derivative liabilities related to the debentures and warrants for the six months ended August 31, 2016 are summarized as
follows: 

The Company recognized
a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of $252,049 during the three months ended August 31, 2016. The Company recognized
a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of $256,984 during the six months ended August 31, 2016. There was no change in
fair value of derivative liabilities recognized by the Company during the three and six months ended August 31, 2015. 

9.    Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)    

As of August 31, 2016 and February 29, 2016,
the Company had 140,189,501 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding. 

Warrants  

During the six months ended August 31, 2016,
the Company issued 13,875,000 warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock as a part of the convertible debentures
described above in Note 7. These warrants contain a price-reset provision described above in Note 8. 

A summary of the activity in the Company s
warrants during the six months ended August 31, 2016 is presented below: 

The intrinsic value of warrants outstanding
at August 31, 2016 was $693,750. 

Subsequent to period-end, the Company repaid
$77,600 of the outstanding balances of promissory notes   related parties.    

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis.  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS  

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections
about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about
us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases,
you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may,   should,   could, 
 would,   expect,   plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate, 
 continue,  or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such
a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission filings. The following
discussion should be read in conjunction with our Financial Statements and related Notes thereto included elsewhere in this report.  

General  

Our company, Discovery
Energy Corp., was incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on May 24, 2006 under the name  Santos Resource Corp. 
Our current business plan is to explore for and produce oil and gas from a tract of land comprising approximately 584,651 gross
acres (the   Prospect  ) covered by Petroleum Exploration License (PEL) 512 (the    License   )
in the State of South Australia. We adopted this business plan near the end of our fiscal 2012, after having previously abandoned
our initial business plan involving mining claims in Quebec, Canada and after we had been dormant from a business perspective
for a period of time. In connection with the adoption of our current business plan, we had a change in control of our company,
a change in our management, a change in our corporate name, and a change of our status from a  shell  company, as
that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Beginning in the second
quarter of fiscal 2015 a significant decline in the price of oil has affected the oil and gas industry worldwide. This decline
began in June 2014 when the price of Brent oil was above US$110 per barrel and continued to a low of US$28 per barrel in January
of 2016 Since then prices have recovered somewhat with the recent Nymex Futures trading above US$46 per barrel near the end of
September 2016. Current oil prices have made our ability to complete a capital raising transaction or procure a joint venture partner
more difficult. As a result of the decline in oil prices, we and most other Cooper Basin exploration companies curtailed activities
or reduced capital budgets until oil markets stabilize. In light of market conditions, we changed our ongoing business strategy
to best position ourselves for when the markets improve. 

After having made significant
strides in our business plan during our fiscal 2013 (including the formal grant of the License), we spent the bulk of our business
efforts during our fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016 trying to complete a major capital raising transaction or procure one or more
major joint venture partners to further our business plan. We were not able to achieve these objectives, especially after the significant
decline in oil prices described above. During these fiscal years, we were able to extend our five-year work commitment relating
to the License, allowing us additional time to pursue capital raising transactions or procure a major joint venture partner, and
perhaps benefit from a recovery in the price of oil. Moreover, so far in fiscal 2017, we have experienced a couple of significant
positive developments described in the following paragraphs. 

On May 27, 2016, we completed
a debt financing transaction that provided us funds to commence our 3D seismic survey operating capital for a number of months.
On August 16, 2016, we completed a second debt financing transaction that provided funds for additional geotechnical evaluation
and general working capital. This financing is discussed in the section captioned  Liquidity and Capital Requirements - Financing
History and Immediate, Short-Term Capital Needs  below. 

Effective July 12, 2016,
we entered into a seismic services agreement (the   Seismic Agreement  ) with Terrex Pty Ltd. (  Terrex  ).
Per the terms of the Seismic Agreement, Terrex is to conduct a 3D seismic survey (the   Survey  ) comprised of
approximately 180 square kilometers on the southwest portion of the Prospect. Terrex began the 3D seismic fieldwork on July 28,
2016, after regulatory approvals had been acquired and an archeological review of the survey area had been completed. It is expected
the field data acquisition will be completed by October 18th, after which the data will then be processed and interpreted by other
contractors. Once this Survey project has been completed and the results reported to the South Australian government, our work
commitment for the second year of the License and a portion of our work commitment for the third year will have been satisfied.
For Terrex s services, we will have paid a  turnkey price  of approximately AU$3,057,000 (approximately US$2,341,000
based on the average exchange rate actually received for 90% of the turnkey price, which has already been paid). 

The Nike 3D Seismic Survey, in combinations
with the expenses associated with the pre- and post-field work, has depleted most of the funds raised in our debt financing transaction
completed on May 27, 2016. Unless additional debentures are sold or other funds are raised our ongoing general working capital
needs will largely deplete the funds raised in the second debt financing completed on August 16, 2016 by January 31, 2017. As a
result, we continue the funding activities described in the section captioned  Liquidity and Capital Requirements.  

In the remainder of this
Report, Australian dollar amounts are prefaced by  AU$  while United States dollar amounts are prefaced simply by  $ 
or (when used in close proximity to Australian dollar amounts) by  US$.  When United States dollar amounts are given
as equivalents of Australian dollar amounts, such United States dollar amounts are approximations only and not exact figures. During
the three months ended August 31, 2016 exchange rate has varied from a low of US$1.00/AU$1.2968 to a high of US$1.00/AU$1.3814. 

Plan of Operation  

General   

We intend to engage primarily
in the exploration and conventional development of oil and gas on the Prospect in an effort to develop oil and gas reserves, and
related natural gas liquids and condensates. Our principal products will be crude oil and natural gas. Our development strategy
will be directed in the multi-pay target areas of South Australia, with principal focus on the prolific Cooper/Eromanga Basin,
towards initiating and rapidly expanding production rates and proving up significant reserves primarily through exploratory drilling.
Our mission will be to generate superior returns for our stockholders by working with industry partners, suppliers and the community
to build a focused exploration and production company with strong development assets in the oil and gas sector. 

In the right circumstances,
we might assume the entire risk of the drilling and development of the Prospect. More likely, we will determine that the drilling
and development of the Prospect can be more effectively pursued by inviting industry participants to share the risk and the reward
of the Prospect by financing some or all of the costs of drilling wells. Such arrangements are frequently referred to as  farm-outs. 
In such cases, we may retain a carried working interest or a reversionary interest, and we may be required to finance all or a
portion of our proportional interest in the Prospect. Although this approach will reduce our potential return should the drilling
operations prove successful, it will also reduce our risk and financial commitment to a particular prospect. Prospective participants
regarding possible  farm-out  arrangements have already approached us, and we continue to have discussions with some
of these persons. 

There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in our exploratory and production activities. The oil and gas business involves numerous risks, the
principal ones of which are listed in our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K in  Item 1A. Risk Factors -RISKS RELATING TO OUR
INDUSTRY - PARTICIPANTS IN THE OIL AND GAS INDUSTRY ARE SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS RISKS.  As we become more involved in the oil
and gas exploration and production business, we will give more detail information regarding these risks. 

Although our primary focus
is on the exploration and development of the Prospect, we have received information about, and have had discussion regarding possible
acquisition of or participation in, other oil or gas opportunities. None of these discussions has led to any agreement in principle.
Nevertheless, given an attractive opportunity and our ability to consummate the same, we could acquire one or more other crude
oil and natural gas properties, or participant in one or more other crude oil and natural gas opportunities. 

Proposed Initial Activities   

We are in the initial phase
of our plan of operation. To date we have not commenced any drilling or other exploration activities on the Prospect, and thus
we do not have any estimates of oil and gas reserves. Consequently, we have not reported any reserve estimates to any governmental
authority. We cannot assure anyone that we will find commercially producible amounts of oil and gas. Moreover, at the present time,
we cannot finance the initial phase of our plan of operation solely through our own current resources. Therefore, we have undertaken
certain financing activities described in  Liquidity and Capital Requirements - Major Financing Efforts and Other Sources
of Capital  below. The success of the initial phase of our plan of operation depends upon our ability to obtain additional
capital to acquire seismic data with respect to the Prospect, and to drill exploratory and developmental wells. We cannot assure
anyone that we will obtain the necessary capital. 

The License is subject
to a five-year work commitment. We have completed the first year of this work commitment and in this first year we conducted geological
and geophysical studies including interpretation of existing seismic data. In management s view, the geotechnical work completed
in the first year was sufficient to satisfy this requirement, and we filed our report in this connection with the South Australian
government. We have received no comments from the government relating to this report. 

We received from the South
Australian Minister for Mineral Resources and Energy three six-month extensions of the work commitment relating to the License,
the first in May 2014, the second in February 2015 and the third in July 2015 and a one-year suspension in February 2016. In view
of these modifications and suspensions, our remaining work commitment involves the following: 

Although our remaining
work commitment has been reduced and extended, we have no assurance that we will be able to extend the work commitment again or
to fulfill it timely, as we need to complete capital raising transactions, or procure a joint venture partner, or both, to do so. 

The prices of the equipment
and services that we must employ to fulfill the work commitment vary based on both local and international demand for such products
by others involved in exploration for and production of oil and gas. Previous high worldwide energy prices had resulted in growing
demand, which lent support to higher prices being charged by suppliers. Prices being charged by suppliers have declined with the
decline in energy prices resulting in considerable cost savings in our exploration work programs like the Nike 3D seismic survey
currently being conducted by Terrex Pty Ltd. on the PEL 512 South Block. 

Based on our research and
technical analysis to date, we believe that the License work plan can be justified. Hence, the initial phase of our plan of operation
involves (among other things) conducting 3D seismic surveys totaling 300 square kilometers (approximately 115 sq. miles), conducting
a 2D seismic survey of 100 kilometers (approximately 62 miles) and drilling of at least two exploration wells. We recently entered
into a seismic services agreement, which we believe will satisfy our work commitment for the second year of the License and a portion
of our work commitment for the third year. For more information about this agreement, see the section captioned  General 
above. 

We intend to seek a joint
venture partner who or which might act as the operator to conduct seismic work and drill our wells. If we are unsuccessful in procuring
such a partner, we will engage the services of a qualified seismic company to acquire additional 3D seismic data and once we have
identified proposed drilling sites a third party contractor for drilling operations. Management foresees no problem in procuring
the services of one or more qualified operators and drillers in connection with the initial phase of our plan of operation, although
a considerable increase in drilling activities in the area of our properties could make difficult (and perhaps expensive) the procurement
of operating and drilling services. In all cases, the operator will be responsible for all regulatory compliance regarding the
well, including any necessary permitting for the well. In addition to regulatory compliance, the operator will be responsible for
hiring the drilling contractor, geologist and petroleum engineer to make final decisions relative to the zones to be targeted,
drilling specification, well design, and bore-hole drilling and logging. Should the well be successful, the operator would thereafter
be responsible for completing the well, installing production facilities and interconnecting with gathering or transmission pipelines
if economically appropriate. We expect to pay third party operators (i.e. not joint venture partner with us) commercially prevailing
rates. 

The operator will be the
caretaker of the well once production has commenced. Additionally, the operator will formulate and deliver to all interest owners
an operating agreement establishing each participant's rights and obligations in that particular well based on the location of
the well and the ownership. The operator will also be responsible for paying bills related to the well, billing working interest
owners for their proportionate expenses in drilling and completing the well, and selling the production from the well. Unless each
interest owner sells its production separately, the operator will collect sale proceeds from oil and gas purchasers, and, once
a division order has been established and confirmed by the interest owners, the operator will issue the checks to each interest
owner in accordance with its appropriate interest. The operator will not perform these functions when each interest owner sells
its production separately, in which case the interest owners will undertake these activities separately. After production commences
on a well, the operator also will be responsible for maintaining the well and the wellhead site during the entire term of the production
or until such time as the operator has been replaced. 

The principal
oil, natural gas and gas liquids transportation hub for the region of South Australia surrounding the Prospect is located in
the vicinity of Moomba. This processing and transportation center is approximately 60 km (36 miles) due east of the
Prospect's eastern boundary. Large diameter pipelines deliver oil and gas liquids from Moomba south to Port Bonython
(Whyalla). Natural gas is also moved south to Adelaide or east to Sydney. A gas transmission pipeline also connects Moomba to
Ballera, which is located northeastward in the State of Queensland. From Ballera gas can be moved to Brisbane and Gladstone,
where a number of liquefied natural gas (LNG) projects are under development. The Moomba treating and transportation facilities
and the southward pipelines were developed and are operated by a producer consortium led by Santos Limited (no relation to
us). 

We cannot accurately predict the costs of transporting
our production until we locate our first successful well. The cost of installing infrastructure to deliver our production to Moomba
or elsewhere will vary depending upon distance traversed, negotiated handling/treating fees, and pipeline tariffs.  

Results of Operations  

Our results of operation
for the three- and six-month periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 are summarized in the table below: 

Our operating expenses
for the six-month periods ended August 31, 2016 and 2015 are outlined in the table below: 

Results of Operations for the Three-Month
Periods Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015  

Revenues . We did
not earn any revenues for either the quarter ended August 31, 2016 or the similar period in 2015. We do not anticipate earning
revenues until such time as we have entered into commercial production of oil and natural gas. We are presently in the exploration
stage of our business, and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of hydrocarbons on
our properties, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter the commercial production. 

Operating Expenses .
Total operating expenses incurred during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 were approximately 2,850% higher than those incurred
during the quarter ended August 31, 2015. The increase of approximately $2,644,000 reflects greater exploration costs and professional
fees. The bulk of our activities during the quarter were focused on the commencement of the Nike 3D Seismic Survey (described above)
and a second round of debenture placement (described below). 

Exploration costs increased
by approximately $2,498,000 compared to the similar period in 2015 as the Nike 3D Seismic Survey formally began in July 2016 and
progressed substantially through August 2016. As of August 31, 2016, 90% of the turnkey price for the data acquisition by Terrex
had been paid. Weather delayed the completion of project, with completion now scheduled for late October 2016. In addition to the
Terrex costs, expenses were incurred during the most recent three-month period ended August 31, 2016 for survey design, regulatory
permitting, environmental assessments, archeological surveying, plus health and safety procedure development and implementation. 

Professional fees for the
quarter ended August 31, 2016, increased approximately $105,000, or 275% compared to the quarter ended August 31, 2015 due primarily
to costs associated with the issuance of two additional debentures. 

We incurred travel expenses
of about $28,000 for the quarter ended August 31, 2016, compared to none in the quarter ended August 31, 2015. Much of this
difference relates to a difference in the timing of Australia s major oil and gas conference, which Company representatives
attend each year to meet with regulators, service providers and other oil and gas operation companies. (The 2016 conference was
held in June, which is our second quarter, while last year s gathering occurred in May, which is our first quarter.) During
the quarter immediately past, extra travel expenses related to the start of the Nike 3D survey were also incurred. 

General and administrative
expenses were about $14,000 higher during the quarter ended August 31, 2016, compared to the same period last fiscal year. This
increase was primarily due to an increase in SEC reporting expense, including the cost of required derivative analysis associated
with our debentures. 

Other Expenses . Other expenses increased approximately $182,000 during the quarter ended August 31, 2016 compared to the same quarter in FY
2016. This result was primarily due to the increase in interest expense of $433,156 being offset by the non-cash derivative
liability gain in the amount of $252,049. The derivative liability represents the estimated settlement cost of issuing additional
common shares of our common stock if the price reset provisions of the debenture and warrants are triggered. It is a non-cash
liability that will be recomputed each quarter while the debenture and warrants are outstanding. Interest expense increased
due to accrued interest of approximately $72,000 on the convertible debt and approximately $360,000 amortization of the debt
discount and deferred financing costs. 

Net Loss . Our net
loss for the quarter ended August 31, 2016 increased by approximately $2,826,000 as compared to the quarter ended August 31, 2015.
While various operating cost components moved up or down, as discussed above, the net increase in the loss is mostly attributable
to significantly higher exploration costs and interest expense related to derivative liabilities in excess of debt. 

Results of Operations for the Six-Month Periods
Ended August 31, 2016 and 2015  

Revenues . We did
not earn any revenues for either the six months ended August 31, 2016 or the similar period in 2015. We do not anticipate earning
revenues until such time as we have entered into commercial production of oil and natural gas. We are presently in the exploration
stage of our business, and we can provide no assurance that we will discover commercially exploitable levels of hydrocarbons on
our properties, or if such resources are discovered, that we will enter into commercial production. 

Operating Expenses .
The total operating expenses incurred during the six months ended August 31, 2016 were about $2,624,000 (about 1,420%) more than
those incurred during the six months ended August 31, 2015. Virtually all of the increase was attributable to the costs associated
with activities during the three months ended August 31, 2016. The increase in that period of approximately $2,644,000 reflects
greater exploration costs and professional fees. The bulk of our activities during that period were focused on the commencement
of the Nike 3D Seismic Survey (described above) and a second round of debenture placement (described below).The primary driving
forces behind the increases is described above. Relatively small decreases in travel and rent expenses for the six months ended
August 31, 2016 mitigated slightly the substantial increases in exploration costs and professional fees compared to the six months
ended August 31, 2015. 

Other Expenses .
Total other expense incurred during the six months ended August 31, 2016, increased by approximately $4,716,000. This increase
was primarily related to additional interest expense recorded in the current period and related derivative liabilities in excess
of the face value of convertible debentures of $4,735,477. 

Net Loss . Our net
loss for the six months ended August 31, 2016 increased significantly as compared to the same time period ended August 31, 2015.
As described above, this result was primarily due to exploration expenditures associated with the Nike 3D Seismic Survey, interest
expense related to derivative liabilities in excess of debt, debt discount amortization, and accrued interest on outstanding debt. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  

We have no off-balance
sheet arrangements. 

Liquidity and Capital Requirements  

Financing History and Immediate, Short-Term
Capital Needs  

Until May 2016, we had
financed our business since the change in our corporate direction in January 2012 primarily through private placements of common
stock. Since January 2012 through the end of fiscal 2016, we had conducted several rounds of financing in which we raised total
 seed  capital in the amount of $2,723,750 resulting in the issuance of 19,657,501 shares of our common stock. Since
May 2016, we have been financing our business through the debenture placements described below. Moreover, from time to time, our
officers and directors have advanced short-term funds. As of October 12, 2016, we had outstanding loans totaling $68,753 from two
directors and an entity controlled by one officer. These loans are each evidenced by demand notes, which are non-interest bearing. 

Effective May 27, 2016,
we sold the following securities: 

*  a Senior Secured Convertible Debenture
                                         due May 27, 2021 having an original principal amount of $3,500,000 (singly a   Debenture  
                                         and collectively with any similar securities issued in the future, the   Debentures  ),
                                         and   

*  warrants to purchase up to a maximum of 13,125,000 shares (prior to any required adjustment) of our common stock (at an initial
per-share exercise price of $0.20.   

Effective August 16, 2016,
we sold the following additional securities: 

*  a Debenture to a new investor (the  New Investor ) having an original principal amount of $250,000, and   

*  warrants to purchase up to a maximum of 750,000 shares to the Original Investor (prior to any required adjustment) of our common
stock (at an initial per-share exercise price of $0.20.   

The use of the first
Debenture proceeds was limited to the payment of the Debenture purchaser s costs of the transaction (including legal
fees), the funding of the Nike 3D Seismic Survey with respect to our 584,651 gross acre oil and gas prospect in the State of
South Australia and the interpretation of such seismic survey, and the payment of our expenses associated with the seismic
survey. The remainder of the proceeds may be used for general and administrative expenses with the Original
Investor s consent. 

The $450,000 in proceeds
from the second Debenture placement were or will be generally used to pay the Company s and the investors  costs of
the transaction (including legal fees), general working capital purposes, and the reduction in some of the Company s outstanding
debt. 

As of August 31,
2016, we had cash of approximately $804,000, we had drawn $5,700 in funds against our bank credit card, and we had negative
working capital of about $135,000, excluding the derivative liability. Our cash on hand at the end of the most recent period
was about $820,000 greater than we held at the end of the period ending August 31, 2015. The increase was primarily the
result of nearly $3,900,000 derived from financings described above reduced by nearly $3,000,000 used in our operating
activities and a $100,000 payment on a promissory note. As of October 20, 2016, we had the US dollar equivalent of
approximately $382,500 of uncommitted cash on hand. Additionally, our Australian subsidiary has a pending sales tax return
from the government having a US dollar value of about $251,000, which is associated primarily with money spend on the Nike 3D
Seismic Survey. 

The Company believes that
the cash on hand and the sales tax refund will be sufficient to finance all of the Company s other business expenses through
January 2017, although the Company has no assurance of this. In the view of the preceding, the Company will need to raise more
funds, and the Company is continuing efforts to raise additional working capital. It intends to do this by undertaking a private
placement of Common Shares and continuing its efforts to sell more Debentures. 

We are currently seeking
to sell up to $2 million in additional Equity. Some of the net proceeds from the additional Debentures or Equity placements will
be used for the following purposes: 

*  The payment of the debt that we owe to Liberty Petroleum Corporation   

*  The payment of the remaining debt owed to members of management   

*  General and administrative expenses   

If the remaining $1,250,000
of additional Debentures are sold or a like amount of Equity is sold, or some combination of the two occurs, we believe that the
related net proceeds will be sufficient to pay all remaining non-debenture debts and finance our business operations for the next
year, although it has no assurance of this. We have no assurances that we will be successful in raising required additional funds.
However, additional capital would need to be raised in order for us to meet the work commitments specified for License years 3,
4 and 5. If we are unsuccessful in raising required additional funds in the immediate future, we will need (among other things)
to seek a further extension of the Liberty note. While Liberty has accommodated us in the past in this regard, we have no assurance
that they would accommodate us again. Our failure to raise required additional funds and our subsequent failure to obtain an extension
of the Liberty note and our work commitment under the License and our ultimate inability to repay the Debentures when they become
due could have adverse consequences for us, including our inability to continue our business plan, which could result in a complete
loss of stockholders' equity. 

Long-Term Capital Needs  

The five-year work commitment relating to the
License imposes certain financial obligations on us. In management s view, the geotechnical work completed in year-one was
sufficient to satisfy the requirement for year-one, and we filed our report in this connection with the South Australian government.
Further, we have raised the funds required to complete the second year work commitment and a portion of the following year s
3D seismic requirement. In addition to the preceding, we will need working capital to satisfy our general and administrative expenses.
Between April 2017 and the end of April 2020, we will require approximately $23.5 million in additional capital to continue operations
and satisfy the obligations for the remainder of our work commitments. If the remaining Debentures are sold, the additional $2.0
million in equity is raised and the Original Investor exercises its warrants and its option to invest an additional $20.0 million
in the Company, sufficient capital will be available to continue operations and meet all work commitments specified in the License.
We have no assurances that any or all of these required additional funds would be raised in the manner expected or in any other
manner. 

If we are successful with
the early wells, we will continue with a full development plan, the scope of which is now uncertain but will be based on technical
analysis of acquired seismic data collected and/or reprocessed, field drilling and log reports. However, all of the preceding plans
are subject to the availability of sufficient funding and the procurement of all governmental approvals. We do not now have sufficient
available funds to undertake these tasks, and will need to procure a joint venture partner or raise additional funds as described
above. The failure to procure a joint venture partner or raise additional funds will preclude us from pursuing our business plan,
as well as exposing us to the loss of the License, as discussed below. Moreover, if our business plan proceeds as just described,
but our first wells do not prove to hold producible reserves, we could be forced to cease our exploration efforts on the Prospect. 

Major Financing Efforts and Other Sources
of Capital  

Starting in October 2012,
we have entered into engagement agreements with several financial intermediaries to assist us in completing a major capital raising
transaction. None of these engagements resulted in the completion of such a transaction, and we are not now bound by any such engagement
agreement. We are now pursuing our own independent capital raising initiatives, and we have several prospects in this regard. 

Our capital strategy for
most of the past two years or so has been to try to engage in a single major capital raising transaction to provide sufficient
funds to satisfy our capital needs for a number of years to come. While did not completely abandon this strategy, we shifted our
emphasis in an effort to try to engage in one or more smaller capital raising transactions to provide sufficient funds to satisfy
our capital needs through April 2017. Effective May 27, 2016, we sold a $3,500,000 Debenture. The proceeds from this sale were
sufficient to finance our seismic survey requirement for our second year license work commitment of 100 km2. Effective August 16,
2016, we sold an additional $450,000 in Debentures. We believe that the proceeds from this second round of the Debenture financing
will be sufficient to finance all of our other business expenses through the end of December 2016, although we have no assurance
of this. In the view of the preceding, we are continuing efforts to raise up to $2,000,000 in an approved equity raise and we could
raise up to another $1,250,000 by selling additional Debentures pursuant to options to purchase the same in favor of a new investor
in our second round of the Debenture financing. Moreover, in the future we will need significant additional funds to undertake
the development of our oil and gas prospect in Australia, and we will need to raise these funds to do this. We have no assurance
that it will be able to raise these significant additional funds or the additional funds needed for our general operation. 

The purchaser of our $3,500,000
Debenture has a right of first offer through the end of June 2017 to invest an additional $20.0 million in our Company. We view
this arrangement as a prospect for meeting our major capital needs in the future, although we have no assurance that the purchaser
will elect to invest any further amounts. However, we expect to pursue other possible sources of capital. For example, we expect
to pursue smaller, equity placements for short-term needs and an alternative major capital raising transaction for long-term needs.
Moreover, one source of funding being pursued is the sale of a portion of our interest in the Prospect to a joint venture partner
for a cash payment and/or a work commitment. We have had preliminary discussions with several companies to become joint venture
partners. To obtain the maximum combination of cash and work commitment in connection with the sale of an interest in the Prospect,
we have conducted extensive geological and geophysical work, including the reprocessing of existing 3D seismic data and acquiring
approximately 180 km2 of new 3D seismic data relating to a portion of the Prospect, and we may seek to add further value by completing
other 3D seismic surveys over other portions of the Prospect. We have no assurance that we will secure a joint venture partner.
A joint venture arrangement is unlikely to help with our immediate cash needs, but (if secured) one would help with our longer-term
cash needs. Moreover, any joint venture arrangement would need to be approved by each Debenture holder. 

Production from successful
exploration and drilling efforts would provide us with cash flow. The proven reserves associated with production would increase
the value of our rights in the Prospect. This, in turn, should enable us to obtain bank financing (after the wells have produced
for a period of time to satisfy the related lender). Both of these results would enable us to continue with our development activities.
Cash flow is a critical factor to our plan of operation in the long run. Management believes that, if our plan of operation progresses
(and production is realized) as planned, sufficient cash flow and debt financing will be available for purposes of properly pursuing
our plan of operation, although we can make no assurances in this regard. 

Finally, to conserve on
our cash requirements, we may try to satisfy some of our obligations by issuing shares of our common stock, which will result in
dilution in the percentage ownership interests of our existing stockholders and could result in dilution of the net asset value
per share of our existing stockholders. 

Consequences of a Financing Failure  

The amount of cash on hand,
the pending maturity of the Liberty note, and the issuance of the Debentures have all heightened our need to raise a significant
amount of additional capital in the near future. If required financing is not available on acceptable terms, we could be prevented
from satisfying our debt or work commitment obligations (including the repayment of the Debentures, which become due in May 2021),
or developing the Prospect. Our failure to pay timely the Debentures could result in the partial or total loss of our assets and
properties. Our failure to pay timely the Liberty note could result in Liberty s exercise of the rights of an unsecured creditor
and possibly levy encumbrances on all or a large part of our assets. Our failure to honor our work commitment could result in our
loss of the Prospect. Our failure to procure required financing on acceptable terms could prevent us from developing the Prospect.
If any of the preceding events were to occur, we could be forced to cease our business plan altogether, which could result in a
complete loss of stockholders  equity. If we do not obtain additional financing through an equity or debt offering, we may
be constrained to attempt to sell all or some portion of the Prospect under unfavorable circumstances and at an undesirable price.
However, we cannot assure anyone that we will be able to find interested buyers or that the funds received from any such partial
sale would be adequate to fund our activities. Our future liquidity will depend upon numerous factors, including the success of
our business efforts and our capital raising activities. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures.  

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we have evaluated
the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a 15(e)
and Rule 15d 15(e) as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer have identified that the lack of segregation of accounting duties as a result of limited
personnel resources is a material weakness and an ineffective element of our financial procedures. Therefore, the principal executive
officer and principal financial officer believe the disclosure controls and procedures are not effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and
reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that our disclosure
and controls are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under
the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There
were no significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent
to the date of their evaluation and there were no corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures  

Our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect
the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited
to, the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.
Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving our stated goals under all potential future
conditions; over time, control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting  

There have not been any
changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act, during the period of this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART
II     -     OTHER
INFORMATION   

Item 6. Exhibits.  

The following
exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

SIGNATURES  

In accordance with the
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

DISCOVERY ENERGY CORP.   

(Registrant)   

By:  
      /s/ Keith J. McKenzie  

Keith J. McKenzie,   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

By:  
      /s/ William E. Begley  

William E. Begley,   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   

October 24, 2016 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 v450910_ex31-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.01

Exhibit 31.01 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Keith J. McKenzie, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Discovery Energy Corp. (the  Company    

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal controls over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal controls over financial reporting;
and   

5.  The Company's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal controls over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting.   

October 24, 2016  

/s/ Keith J. McKenzie  

Keith J. McKenzie,  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 v450910_ex31-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.02

Exhibit 31.02 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, William E. Begley, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Discovery Energy Corp. (the  Company    

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as
of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting
that occurred during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal controls over financial reporting;
and   

5.  The Company's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal controls over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the audit committee of the company's Board of Directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting.   

October 24, 2016  

/s/ William E. Begley  

William E. Begley,  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 v450910_ex32-01.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.01

Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Discovery Energy Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to his knowledge: 

1.           The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.           The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

October 24, 2016  

/s/ Keith J. McKenzie  

Keith J. McKenzie,  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 5
 v450910_ex32-02.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.02

Exhibit 32.02 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of
Discovery Energy Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated
below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that to his knowledge: 

1.          The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.         The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

October 24, 2016  

/s/ William E. Begley  

William E. Begley,  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 denr-20160831.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 denr-20160831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 denr-20160831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 denr-20160831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 denr-20160831_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 denr-20160831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

