<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_315213_0001628280-16-020750_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3166295</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>91535</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>191611</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1067748</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1198456</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>548225</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>24</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-16-020750.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103162050
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-16-020750
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HALF ROBERT INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000315213
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				941648752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10427
		FILM NUMBER:		161971883

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2884 SAND HILL RD
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6502346000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2884 SAND HILL ROAD
		STREET 2:		STE 200
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOOTHE FINANCIAL CORP /DE/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870721

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BOOTHE INTERIM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-16-020750.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 rhi9301610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
  ______________________ 
     FORM 10-Q 
  ______________________ 
    
  (Mark One) 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016  
  OR 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                      to                     . 
  Commission File Number 1-10427 
  ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (650) 234-6000 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x    No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No      
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. (Check one): 
                           Large accelerated filer 
      
    x 
       
    Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No    x 
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of October 31, 2016: 
  128,886,332 shares of $.001 par value Common Stock 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   
  ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except share amounts) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
  are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  2 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
  are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  3 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
  are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  4 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
  are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  5 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
  (in thousands) 

The accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
  are an integral part of these financial statements. 
    
  6 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
  September 30, 2016 

Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
  Nature of Operations  . Robert Half International Inc. (the  Company ) provides specialized staffing and risk consulting services through such divisions as   Accountemps       ,   Robert Half        Finance   Accounting  ,   OfficeTeam       ,   Robert Half        Technology  ,   Robert Half        Management Resources  ,   Robert Half        Legal  ,   The Creative Group       , and   Protiviti       . The Company, through its   Accountemps  ,   Robert Half Finance   Accounting  , and   Robert Half Management Resources   divisions, is a specialized provider of temporary, full-time, and senior-level project professionals in the fields of accounting and finance.   OfficeTeam   specializes in highly skilled temporary administrative support professionals.   Robert Half Technology   provides project and full-time technology professionals.   Robert Half Legal   provides temporary, project, and full-time staffing of lawyers, paralegals and legal support personnel.   The Creative Group   provides interactive, design, marketing, advertising and public relations professionals.   Protiviti   is a global consulting firm that helps companies solve problems in finance, technology, operations, governance, risk and internal audit, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Revenues are predominantly derived from specialized staffing services. The Company operates in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. The Company is a Delaware corporation. 
  Basis of Presentation.   The unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements ( Financial Statements ) of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). The comparative year-end condensed consolidated statement of financial position data presented was derived from audited financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the financial position and results of operations for the periods presented have been included. These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of, nor comparable to, the results of operations for a full year. 
  Principles of Consolidation.   The Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries, all of which are wholly-owned. All intercompany balances have been eliminated. 
  Use of Estimates.   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. As of   September 30, 2016  , such estimates included allowances for uncollectible accounts receivable, workers  compensation losses, and income and other taxes. Management estimates are also utilized in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment and in the valuation of stock grants subject to market conditions. 
  Advertising Costs.   The Company expenses all advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are reflected in the following table (in thousands): 

Note B  New Accounting Pronouncements 
  Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement  .  In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued authoritative guidance designed to assist customers in their determination of whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. The guidance will not change GAAP for a customer s accounting for service contracts. This  

7 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

guidance was effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.  
  Business Combinations  . In September 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for measurement period adjustments following a business combination. The new guidance requires that an acquirer record in the same period s financial statements the effects of the cumulative impact of adjustments including the impact on prior periods. The prior period impact of the adjustments should be presented separately on the face of the income statement or disclosed in the notes. The new guidance was effective for the Company in the first quarter of 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements.  
  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.   In May 2014, the FASB issued authoritative guidance that provides companies with a single model for use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific revenue guidance. The new guidance requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. It also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to obtain or fulfill a contract. The guidance permits companies to either apply the requirements retrospectively to all prior periods presented, or apply the requirements in the year of adoption, through a cumulative adjustment. The amended guidance also requires additional quantitative and qualitative disclosures. In March 2016, amended guidance was issued to clarify implementation guidance on principal versus agent consideration. In April 2016 an amendment provided clarifications on determining whether a promised license provides a customer with a right to use or a right to access an entity s intellectual property. In May 2016 an amendment provided narrow scope improvements and practical expedients to reduce the potential diversity, cost and complexity of applying new revenue standard. These amendments, as well as the original guidance, are all effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The new standard will be effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and the Company intends to implement the standard with the modified retrospective approach, which recognizes the cumulative effect of application recognized on that date. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements. 
  Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.   In November 2015, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes how deferred taxes are classified on a company's balance sheet. The new guidance eliminates the current requirement for companies to present deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, companies will be required to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The new guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted for all entities as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The guidance may be applied either prospectively, for all deferred tax assets and liabilities, or retrospectively (i.e., by reclassifying the comparative balance sheet). If applied prospectively, entities are required to include a statement that prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. If applied retrospectively, entities are also required to include quantitative information about the effects of the change on prior periods. Except for balance sheet classification requirements related to deferred tax assets and liabilities, the Company does not expect this guidance to have an effect on its financial statements. The Company expects to adopt this guidance in its fourth quarter of 2016. 
  Lease Accounting.   In February 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes financial reporting as it relates to leasing transactions. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, for the lease term. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted for all entities upon issuance. Lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements.  The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of adoption of this guidance on its financial statements. 

8 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

Stock Compensation.   In March 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance which changes financial reporting as it relates to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  Under the new guidance, several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions will be simplified, including: i) income tax consequences; ii) classification of awards as either equity or liabilities; and iii) classification on the statement of cash flows. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early application is permitted for any organization in any interim or annual period. The Company believes the most significant impacts of the new guidance will be: i) the added volatility to the Company s effective tax rate from the change in accounting for income taxes and ii) on its classification of excess tax benefits on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The impact of this guidance on future periods is dependent on the Company's stock price at the time the awards vest and the number of awards that vest. 
  Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments in Statement of Cash Flows.   In August 2016, the FASB issued authoritative guidance designed to address diversity in how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows, including: i) contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; ii) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; and iii) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies. The new guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted in any interim or annual period. The Company believes the adoption of this guidance will not have a material impact on its financial statements. 
   
  Note C Other Current Assets 
  Other current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Note D Property and Equipment, Net 
  Property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): 

9 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

Note E Accrued Payroll and Benefit Costs 
  Accrued payroll and benefit costs consisted of the following (in thousands): 

Included in employee deferred compensation plans is the following (in thousands): 

Note F Commitments and Contingencies 
  On April 23, 2010, Plaintiffs David Opalinski and James McCabe, on behalf of themselves and a putative class of similarly situated Staffing Managers, filed a Complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey naming the Company and   one   of its subsidiaries as Defendants. The Complaint alleges that salaried Staffing Managers located throughout the U.S. have been misclassified as exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act s overtime pay requirements. Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount for unpaid overtime on behalf of themselves and the class they purport to represent. Plaintiffs also seek an unspecified amount for statutory penalties, attorneys  fees and other damages. On October 6, 2011, the Court granted the Company s motion to compel arbitration of the Plaintiffs  allegations. At this stage, it is not feasible to predict the outcome of or a range of loss, should a loss occur, from these allegations and, accordingly,   no   amounts have been provided in the Company s Financial Statements. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to the allegations, and the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against the allegations. 
  On March 13, 2014, Plaintiff Leonor Rodriguez, on her own behalf and on behalf of a putative class of allegedly similarly situated individuals, filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of California, San Diego County. The complaint alleges that a putative class of current and former employees of the Company working in California since March 13, 2011 were denied compensation for the time they spent interviewing with clients of the Company as well as performing activities related to the interview process. Rodriguez seeks recovery on her own behalf and on behalf of the putative class in an unspecified amount for this allegedly unpaid compensation. Rodriguez also seeks recovery of an unspecified amount for the alleged failure of the Company to provide her and the putative class with accurate wage statements. Rodriguez also seeks an unspecified amount of other damages, attorneys  fees, and statutory penalties, including but not limited to statutory penalties on behalf of herself and other allegedly  aggrieved employees  as defined by California s Labor Code Private Attorney General Act ( PAGA ). On October 10, 2014, the Court granted a motion by the Company to compel all of Rodriguez s claims, except the PAGA claim, to individual arbitration. At this stage of the litigation, it is not feasible to predict the outcome of or a range of loss, should a loss occur, from this proceeding and, accordingly,   no   amounts have been provided in the Company s Financial Statements. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to the allegations and the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against the litigation.   
  On March 23, 2015, Plaintiff Jessica Gentry, on her own behalf and on behalf of a putative class of allegedly similarly situated individuals, filed a complaint against the Company in the Superior Court of California, San Francisco County, which was subsequently amended on October 23, 2015. The complaint, which was filed by the same plaintiffs  law firm that brought the   Rodriguez   matter described above, alleges claims similar to those alleged in   Rodriguez  .  Specifically, the complaint alleges that a putative class of current and former employees of the Company working in California since March 13, 2010 were denied compensation for the time they spent interviewing  for temporary and permanent employment opportunities  as well as  

10 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

performing activities related to the interview process. Gentry seeks recovery on her own behalf and on behalf of the putative class in an unspecified amount for this allegedly unpaid compensation. Gentry also seeks recovery of an unspecified amount for the alleged failure of the Company to provide her and the putative class with accurate wage statements. Gentry also seeks an unspecified amount of other damages, attorneys  fees, and statutory penalties, including penalties for allegedly not paying all wages due upon separation to former employees and statutory penalties on behalf of herself and other allegedly  aggrieved employees  as defined by PAGA. On January 4, 2016, the Court denied a motion by the Company to compel all of Gentry s claims, except the PAGA claim, to individual arbitration. At this stage of the litigation, it is not feasible to predict the outcome of or a range of loss, should a loss occur, from this proceeding and, accordingly,   no   amounts have been provided in the Company s Financial Statements. The Company believes it has meritorious defenses to the allegations and the Company intends to continue to vigorously defend against the litigation. 
  The Company is involved in a number of other lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. While management does not expect any of these other matters to have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows, litigation is subject to certain inherent uncertainties. 
  Legal costs associated with the resolution of claims, lawsuits and other contingencies are expensed as incurred. 
   
  Note G  Stockholders' Equity 
  Stock Repurchase Program.   As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time, up to   7.5 million   additional shares of the Company s common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market conditions. The number and the cost of common stock shares repurchased during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are reflected in the following table (in thousands): 

Additional stock repurchases were made in connection with employee stock plans, whereby Company shares were tendered by employees for the payment of exercise price and applicable statutory withholding taxes. The number and the cost of repurchases related to employee stock plans made during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are reflected in the following table (in thousands): 

The repurchased shares are held in treasury and are presented as if constructively retired. Treasury stock is accounted for using the cost method. Repurchase activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , is presented in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity. 
  Repurchases of shares and issuances of cash dividends are applied first to the extent of retained earnings and any remaining amounts are applied to capital surplus. 

11 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

Note H Net Income Per Share 
  The calculation of net income per share for the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   and   2015   is reflected in the following table (in thousands, except per share amounts): 

Potential common shares include the dilutive effect of stock options, unvested performance-based restricted stock, restricted stock which contains forfeitable rights to dividends, and stock units. The weighted average diluted common shares outstanding for the three and   nine months ended     September 30,     2016   and   2015  , excludes the effect of the following (in thousands):  

Note I Business Segments 
  The Company, which aggregates its operating segments based on the nature of services, has   three   reportable segments: temporary and consultant staffing, permanent placement staffing, and risk consulting and internal audit services. The temporary and consultant staffing segment provides specialized staffing in the accounting and finance, administrative and office, information technology, legal, advertising, marketing and web design fields. The permanent placement staffing segment provides full-time personnel in the accounting, finance, administrative and office, and information technology fields. The risk consulting and internal audit services segment provides business and technology risk consulting and internal audit services. 
  The accounting policies of the segments are set forth in Note A  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . The Company evaluates performance based on income from operations before net interest income, intangible amortization expense, and income taxes. 

12 

ROBERT HALF INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 
  September 30, 2016 

The following table provides a reconciliation of revenue and operating income by reportable segment to consolidated results for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands): 

Note J Subsequent Events 
  On November 1, 2016, the Company announced the following: 

13 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
  Certain information contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis and in other parts of this report may be deemed forward-looking statements regarding events and financial trends that may affect the Company s future operating results or financial positions. These statements may be identified by words such as  estimate ,  forecast ,  project ,  plan ,  intend ,  believe ,  expect ,  anticipate , or variations or negatives thereof or by similar or comparable words or phrases. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: the global financial and economic situation; changes in levels of unemployment and other economic conditions in the United States or foreign countries where the Company does business, or in particular regions or industries; reduction in the supply of candidates for temporary employment or the Company s ability to attract candidates; the entry of new competitors into the marketplace or expansion by existing competitors; the ability of the Company to maintain existing client relationships and attract new clients in the context of changing economic or competitive conditions; the impact of competitive pressures, including any change in the demand for the Company s services, on the Company s ability to maintain its margins; the possibility of the Company incurring liability for its activities, including the activities of its temporary employees, or for events impacting its temporary employees on clients  premises; the possibility that adverse publicity could impact the Company s ability to attract and retain clients and candidates; the success of the Company in attracting, training, and retaining qualified management personnel and other staff employees; the Company s ability to comply with governmental regulations affecting personnel services businesses in particular or employer/employee relationships in general; whether there will be ongoing demand for Sarbanes-Oxley or other regulatory compliance services; the Company s reliance on short-term contracts for a significant percentage of its business; litigation relating to prior or current transactions or activities, including litigation that may be disclosed from time to time in the Company s Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) filings; the ability of the Company to manage its international operations and comply with foreign laws and regulations; the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; the possibility that the additional costs the Company will incur as a result of health care reform may adversely affect the Company s profit margins or the demand for the Company s services; the possibility that the Company s computer and communications hardware and software systems could be damaged or their service interrupted; and the possibility that the Company may fail to maintain adequate financial and management controls and as a result suffer errors in its financial reporting. Additionally, with respect to Protiviti, other risks and uncertainties include the fact that future success will depend on its ability to retain employees and attract clients; there can be no assurance that there will be ongoing demand for Sarbanes-Oxley or other regulatory compliance services; failure to produce projected revenues could adversely affect financial results; and there is the possibility of involvement in litigation relating to prior or current transactions or activities. Because long-term contracts are not a significant part of the Company s business, future results cannot be reliably predicted by considering past trends or extrapolating past results. 
  Executive Overview 
  Demand for the Company s temporary and permanent staffing services and risk consulting and internal audit services is largely dependent upon general economic and labor trends both domestically and abroad. Correspondingly, financial results   for the first three quarters of 2016   were positively impacted by stable global economic conditions. During   the first three quarters of 2016  , net service revenues grew to   $3.99 billion  , an increase of   5%   from the prior year. Net income increased slightly to   $266 million   and diluted net income per share increased   4%   to   $2.06  . All three of the Company's reportable segments experienced revenue growth, led by Protiviti which increased   10%     for the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . 
    
  During the third quarter of 2016, the Company successfully implemented a new front-office Customer Relationship Management ("CRM") system for all temporary and permanent staffing branches in the United States as well as a new project management system for its risk consulting and internal audit services segment. The conversions went smoothly, and the Company estimates that the related disruption and out-of-pocket costs had an adverse impact to its revenue and net income per share for the quarter of $9 million and $0.05, respectively. 
  We believe that the Company is well positioned in the current macroeconomic environment. The United States economic backdrop during   the first three quarters of 2016   was stable for the Company as real gross domestic product (GDP) grew 0.8%, 1.4% and 2.9% for the   first  ,   second   and   third   quarter, respectively, while the unemployment rate was relatively stable from 5.0% in December 2015 to 5.0%, 4.9% and 5.0% at the end of the first, second, and third quarters, respectively. In the United States, the number of job openings has exceeded the number of hires since February   2015  , creating competition for skilled talent that increases the Company's value to clients.  
  Protiviti has successfully diversified its service offerings, built a loyal and growing client base, and is seeing steady demand in all of its major consulting solutions. Protiviti serves its clients in areas such as internal audit and financial advisory services, risk and compliance, and information technology consulting, among others. 

14 

We monitor various economic indicators and business trends in all of the countries in which we operate to anticipate demand for the Company s services. We evaluate these trends to determine the appropriate level of investment, including personnel, which will best position the Company for success in the current and future global macroeconomic environment. The Company s investments in headcount are typically structured to proactively support and align with expected revenue growth trends. As such, during   the first three quarters of 2016  , temporary and permanent staffing headcount was relatively consistent with prior year-end levels, while risk consulting and internal audit headcount increased during   the first three quarters of 2016  . 
  We have limited visibility into future revenues not only due to the dependence on macroeconomic conditions noted above, but also because of the relatively short duration of the Company s client engagements. Accordingly, we typically assess headcount and other investments on at least a quarterly basis. That said, based on current trends and conditions, we expect headcount levels for our full-time staff to remain relatively flat for each of our reporting segments throughout the remainder of 2016.  
  Capital expenditures for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   totaled $63 million, approximately 62% of which represented investments in software initiatives and technology infrastructure, both of which are important to the Company s future growth opportunities. Major software initiatives include upgrades to enterprise resource planning and project management applications and the continued implementation of a global CRM application. Infrastructure and computer hardware initiatives for   the first three quarters of 2016   have focused on delivering mobile technology to the Company's professional staff, upgrading data networks, and enhancing video capabilities and telecommunication systems. Our investments in these and other technology initiatives are expected to continue throughout the remainder of   2016  . Capital expenditures also included amounts spent on tenant improvements and furniture and equipment in the Company's leased offices. The Company has more lease expirations in   2016   than in   2015  , so we expect higher capital expenditures related to tenant improvements. We currently expect that   2016   capital expenditures will range from $80 million to $90 million. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
  The Company s most critical accounting policies and estimates are those that involve subjective decisions or assessments and are included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . Other than updates to estimates used in the Company s goodwill impairment assessment discussed below, there were no material changes to the Company's accounting policies or estimates for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Goodwill Impairment.   The Company assesses the impairment of goodwill annually in the second quarter, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) authoritative guidance. The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis as of June 30, 2016, and determined that no adjustment to the carrying value of goodwill was required. There were no events or changes in circumstances since the annual goodwill impairment assessment that caused the Company to perform an interim impairment assessment. 
  The Company follows FASB authoritative guidance utilizing a two-step approach for determining goodwill impairment. In the first step the Company determines the fair value of each reporting unit utilizing a present value technique derived from a discounted cash flow methodology. For purposes of this assessment the Company s reporting units are its lines of business. The fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is performed. The second step under the FASB guidance is contingent upon the results of the first step. To the extent a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, an indication exists that the reporting unit s goodwill may be impaired and the Company must perform a second, more detailed, impairment assessment. The second step involves allocating the reporting unit s fair value to its net assets in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill as of the assessment date. The implied fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill is then compared to the carrying amount of goodwill to quantify an impairment charge, if any, as of the assessment date. 
  The Company s reporting units are   Accountemps  ,   Robert Half Finance   Accounting  ,   OfficeTeam  ,   Robert Half Technology  ,   Robert Half Management Resources   and   Protiviti  , which had goodwill balances at   September 30, 2016  , of $127.4 million, $26.1 million, $0.0 million, $7.0 million, $0.0 million and $49.4 million, respectively, totaling $209.9 million. There were no changes to the Company s reporting units or to the allocations of goodwill by reporting unit for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  . 
  The goodwill impairment assessment is based upon a discounted cash flow analysis. The estimate of future cash flows is based upon, among other things, a discount rate and certain assumptions about expected future operating performance. The  

15 

discount rate for all reporting units was determined by management based on estimates of risk free interest rates, beta and market risk premiums. The discount rate used was compared to the rate published in various third party research reports, which indicated that the rate was within a range of reasonableness. The primary assumptions related to future operating performance include revenue growth rates and profitability levels. In addition, the impairment assessment requires that management make certain judgments in allocating shared assets and liabilities to the balance sheets of the reporting units. Solely for purposes of establishing inputs for the fair value calculations described above related to its annual goodwill impairment testing, the Company made the following assumptions. The Company assumed that year-to-date trends through the date of the most recent assessment would continue for all reporting units through 2016, using unique assumptions for each reporting unit. In addition, the Company applied profitability assumptions consistent with each reporting unit s historical trends at various revenue levels and, for years 2018 and beyond, used a 5% growth factor. This rate is comparable to the Company s most recent ten-year annual compound revenue growth rate. The model used to calculate fair value extends a total of 10 years with a terminal value calculation at the end of the 10 year period. In its most recent calculation, the Company used a 9.8% discount rate, which is slightly lower than the 10.0% discount rate used for the Company s test during the second quarter of   2015  . This decrease in discount rate is attributable to decreases in the risk free rate and the equity market risk premium, offset by a slight increase in beta. 
  In order to evaluate the sensitivity of the fair value calculations on the goodwill impairment test, the Company applied hypothetical decreases to the fair values of each reporting unit. The Company determined that hypothetical decreases in fair value of at least 75% would be required before any reporting unit would have a carrying value in excess of its fair value. 
  Given the current economic environment and the uncertainties regarding the impact on the Company s business, there can be no assurance that the Company s estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the Company s goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. If the Company s assumptions regarding forecasted revenue or profitability growth rates of certain reporting units are not achieved, the Company may be required to recognize goodwill impairment charges in future periods. It is not possible at this time to determine if any such future impairment charge would result or, if it does, whether such charge would be material. 
  Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
  See Note B  New Accounting Pronouncements  to the Company s Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I Item 1 of this report. 
   
  Results of Operations 
  Demand for the Company s temporary and permanent placement staffing services and risk consulting and internal audit services is largely dependent upon general economic and labor market conditions both domestically and abroad. Temporary and consultant staffing and risk consulting and internal audit services had modest growth, slightly offset by a decline in permanent placement staffing, during the third quarter. Because of the inherent difficulty in predicting economic trends and the absence of significant long-term contracts in any of our business units, future demand for the Company s services cannot be forecasted with certainty.  
  The Company s temporary and permanent placement staffing services business has 326 offices in 42 states, the District of Columbia and 17 foreign countries, while Protiviti has 56 offices in 23 states and 11 foreign countries. 
  Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
  The financial results of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") and the rules of the SEC.  To help readers understand the Company s financial performance, the Company supplements its GAAP financial results with revenue growth rates derived from non-GAAP revenue amounts. Variations in the Company s financial results include the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and billing days. The Company provides  same billing days and constant currency  revenue growth calculations to remove the impact of these items. These calculations show the year-over-year revenue growth rates for the Company s reportable segments on both a reported basis and also on a same day, constant-currency basis for global, U.S. and international operations. The Company has provided this data because management believes it better reflects the Company s actual revenue growth rates and aids in evaluating revenue trends over time. The Company expresses year-over-year revenue changes as calculated percentages using the same number of billing days and constant currency exchange rates. 
  In order to calculate constant currency revenue growth rates, as reported amounts are retranslated using foreign currency exchange rates from the prior year s comparable period. Management then calculates a global, weighted-average number of  

16 

billing days for each reporting period based upon input from all countries and all lines of business. In order to remove the fluctuations caused by comparable periods having different billing days, the Company calculates same billing day revenue growth rates by dividing each comparative period s reported revenues by the calculated number of billing days for that period, to arrive at a per billing day amount. Same billing day growth rates are then calculated based upon the per billing day amounts. The term  same billing days and constant currency  means that the impact of different billing days has been removed from the constant currency calculation. 
  The non-GAAP financial measures provided herein may not provide information that is directly comparable to that provided by other companies in the Company s industry, as other companies may calculate such financial results differently. The Company s non-GAAP financial measures are not measurements of financial performance under GAAP, and should not be considered as alternatives to actual revenue growth derived from revenue amounts presented in accordance with GAAP. The Company does not consider these non-GAAP financial measures to be a substitute for, or superior to, the information provided by GAAP financial results. A reconciliation of the same-day, constant-currency revenue growth rates to the reported revenue growth rates is provided herein. 
  Refer to Item 3. "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk" for further discussion of the impact of foreign currency exchange rates on the Company's results of operations and financial condition. 
    
  Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015    
  Revenues.   The Company s revenues were   $1.34 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $1.31 billion   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Revenues from foreign operations represented   20%   of total revenues for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , up slightly from   19%   of total revenues for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . The Company analyzes its revenues for three reportable segments: temporary and consultant staffing, permanent placement staffing, and risk consulting and internal audit services. Revenue growth was strongest internationally, most notably within Europe. Risk consulting and internal audit services continued to post strong growth rates. Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail.  
  Temporary and consultant staffing revenues were   $1.02 billion   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   1.6%   compared to revenues of   $1.00 billion   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Key drivers of temporary and consultant staffing services revenues include average hourly bill rates and the number of hours worked by the Company s temporary employees on client engagements. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, temporary and consultant staffing revenues increased   2.1%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , due primarily to a 3.5% increase in average bill rates, partially offset by fewer hours worked by the Company's temporary employees. In the U.S., revenues in the   third   quarter of   2016   increased   0.4%  , or   0.6%   on a same-day basis, compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the Company s international operations,   2016     third   quarter revenues increased   7.0%  , or   8.8%   on a same-day, constant-currency basis, compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
  Permanent placement staffing revenues were   $105 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , decreasing by   5.1%   compared to revenues of   $111 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Key drivers of permanent placement staffing revenues consist of the number of candidate placements and average fees earned per placement. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, permanent placement revenues decreased   4.5%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , driven by a decrease in number of placements, partially offset by an increase in average fees earned per placement. In the U.S., revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased   5.2%  , or   5.0%   on a same-day basis, compared to the    third   quarter of   2015  . For the Company s international operations, revenues for the   third   quarter of   2016   decreased   4.9%  , or   3.4%   on a same-day, constant-currency basis, compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Historically, demand for permanent placement staffing is even more sensitive to economic and labor market conditions than demand for temporary and consultant staffing services and this is expected to continue. 
  Risk consulting and internal audit services revenues were   $217 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   7.4%   compared to revenues of   $202 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Key drivers of risk consulting and internal audit services revenues are the billable hours worked by consultants on client engagements and average hourly bill rates. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, risk consulting and internal audit services revenues increased   7.8%   for the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , due primarily to an increase in billable hours worked. In the U.S., revenues in the   third   quarter of   2016   increased   6.1%  , or   6.3%   on a same-day basis, compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . Contributing to the U.S. increase was continued growth in services related to the internal audit and financial advisory solution. The Company s risk consulting and internal audit services revenues from international operations increased   15.2%  , and on a same-day, constant-currency basis increased   16.6%  , compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  . 

17 

A reconciliation of the non-GAAP year-over-year revenue growth rates to the as reported year-over-year revenue growth rates for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , is presented in the following table: 

Gross Margin.   The Company s gross margin dollars were   $553 million   for the   three months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   0.5%   compared to   $550 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail. 
  Gross margin dollars from the Company s temporary and consultant staffing represent revenues less direct costs of services, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes and benefit costs for temporary employees, and reimbursable expenses. The key drivers of gross margin are: i) pay-bill spreads, which represent the differential between wages paid to temporary employees and amounts billed to clients; ii) fringe costs, which are primarily composed of payroll taxes and benefit costs for temporary and consultant staffing employees; and iii) conversion revenues, which are earned when a temporary position converts to a permanent position with the Company's client. Gross margin dollars for the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division were   $381 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , up   2.1%   compared to   $373 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . As a percentage of revenues, gross margin for temporary and consultant staffing was   37.4%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up slightly from   37.3%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . This year-over-year improvement in gross margin percentage is primarily attributable to slightly higher pay-bill spreads, partially offset by lower conversion revenues as a percentage of applicable revenues. 
  Gross margin dollars from permanent placement staffing represent revenues less reimbursable expenses. Gross margin dollars for the Company s permanent placement staffing division were   $105 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $111 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . Because reimbursable expenses for permanent placement staffing are de minimis, gross margin dollars are substantially explained by revenues previously discussed. 
  Gross margin dollars for risk consulting and internal audit services represent revenues less direct costs of services, which consist primarily of professional staff payroll, payroll taxes, benefit costs and reimbursable expenses. The primary drivers of risk consulting and internal audit services gross margin are: i) the relative composition of and number of professional staff and their respective pay and bill rates; and ii) staff utilization, which is the relationship of time spent on client engagements in proportion to the total time available for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services staff. Gross margin dollars for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit division were   $67 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , up   1.2%   compared to   $66 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . As a percentage of revenues, gross margin for risk consulting and internal audit services in the   third   quarter of   2016   was   30.9%  , down from   32.9%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . The decline in the   third   quarter of   2016   gross margin compared to the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to an increase in pay rates for professional staff, lower staff utilization rates and the mix impact of lower financial services and regulatory compliance revenues which is typically higher margin business for the Company. 
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.   The Company's selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of staff compensation, advertising, depreciation and occupancy costs. The Company s selling, general and  

18 

administrative expenses were   $406 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , up   3.9%   from   $391 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . As a percentage of revenues, the Company s selling, general and administrative expenses were   30.3%   for the   third   quarter of   2016  , up from   29.8%   for the   third   quarter of   2015  . Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division were   $283 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , up   4.8%   from   $270 million   for the three months ended   September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for temporary and consultant staffing were   27.8%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up from   27.0%   in the   third   quarter of   2015   due primarily to an increase in administrative compensation and benefits, including employee medical costs. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s permanent placement staffing division were   $84 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , decreasing by   1.9%   compared to   $86 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for permanent placement staffing were   80.5%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up from   77.9%   in the   third   quarter of   2015   due primarily to an increase in administrative compensation, including employee medical costs. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services division were   $39 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , increasing by   12.0%   compared to   $35 million   for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for risk consulting and internal audit services were   17.9%   in the   third   quarter of   2016  , up from   17.2%   in the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the   third   quarter of   2016   compared to the   third   quarter of   2015  , the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to increases in administrative compensation and fixed overhead costs. 
  Operating Income.   The Company s total operating income was   $146 million  , or   10.9%   of revenues, for the   three months ended September 30,     2016  , down from   $159 million  , or   12.1%   of revenues, for the   three months ended September 30,     2015  . For the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division, operating income was   $98 million  , or   9.6%   of applicable revenues, down from   $103 million  , or   10.3%   of applicable revenues, in the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the Company s permanent placement staffing division, operating income was   $20 million  , or   19.3%   of applicable revenues, down from an operating income of   $24 million  , or   22.0%   of applicable revenues, in the   third   quarter of   2015  . For the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services division, operating income was   $28 million  , or   13.0%   of applicable revenues, down from an operating income of   $32 million  , or   15.7%   of applicable revenues, in the   third   quarter of   2015  . 
  Provision for income taxes  . The provision for income taxes was   38.1%   and   39.3%   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The lower tax rate is primarily due to additional credits and foreign restructuring that impacted the provision positively compared to the same period in   2015  . 
    
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015 
  Revenues.   The Company s revenues were   $3.99 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $3.79 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Revenues from foreign operations represented   20%   of total revenues for both the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and the nine months ended September 30, 2015. The Company analyzes its revenues for three reportable segments: temporary and consultant staffing, permanent placement staffing, and risk consulting and internal audit services. Revenue growth was modest domestically with demand improving in several other countries, most notably within Europe. Risk consulting and internal audit services continued to post strong growth rates. Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail.  
  Temporary and consultant staffing revenues were   $3.06 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   4.6%   compared to revenues of   $2.92 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Key drivers of temporary and consultant staffing services revenues include average hourly bill rates and the number of hours worked by the Company s temporary employees on client engagements. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, temporary and consultant staffing revenues increased   4.4%   for   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  , due primarily to a 4.3% increase in average bill rates. In the U.S., revenues in   the first three quarters of 2016   increased   4.4%  , or   3.7%   on a same-day basis, compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . For the Company s international operations, revenues in   the first three quarters of 2016   increased   5.4%  , or   7.4%   on a same-day, constant-currency basis, compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . 

19 

Permanent placement staffing revenues were   $325 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   1.6%   compared to revenues of   $320 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Key drivers of permanent placement staffing revenues consist of the number of candidate placements and average fees earned per placement. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, permanent placement revenues increased   1.8%   for the   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  , driven by an increase in the number of placements. In the U.S., revenues for   the first three quarters of 2016   increased   3.4%  , or   2.7%   on a same-day basis, compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . For the Company s international operations, revenues in   the first three quarters of 2016   decreased   2.6%  , compared to a decrease of   0.2%   on a same-day, constant-currency basis for   the first three quarters of 2015  . Historically, demand for permanent placement staffing is even more sensitive to economic and labor market conditions than demand for temporary and consultant staffing services and this is expected to continue. 
  Risk consulting and internal audit services revenues were   $603 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   10.1%   compared to revenues of   $548 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Key drivers of risk consulting and internal audit services revenues are the billable hours worked by consultants on client engagements and average hourly bill rates. On a same-day, constant-currency basis, risk consulting and internal audit services revenues increased   9.7%   for   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  , due primarily to an increase in billable hours worked. In the U.S., revenues in   the first three quarters of 2016   increased   9.6%  , or   8.9%   on a same-day basis, compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . Contributing to the U.S. increase was continued growth in services related to internal audit and financial advisory and information technology consulting solutions. The Company s risk consulting and internal audit services revenues in   the first three quarters of 2016   from international operations increased   12.8%  , and on a same-day, constant-currency basis increased   14.1%  , compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  . 
  A reconciliation of the non-GAAP year-over-year revenue growth rates to the as reported year-over-year revenue growth rates for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , is presented in the following table: 

Gross Margin.   The Company s gross margin dollars were   $1.64 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   4.3%   compared to   $1.57 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail. 
  Gross margin dollars from the Company s temporary and consultant staffing represent revenues less direct costs of services, which consist of payroll, payroll taxes and benefit costs for temporary employees, and reimbursable expenses. The key drivers of gross margin are: i) pay-bill spreads, which represent the differential between wages paid to temporary employees and amounts billed to clients; ii) fringe costs, which are primarily composed of payroll taxes and benefit costs for temporary and consultant staffing employees; and iii) conversion revenues, which are earned when a temporary position converts to a permanent position with the Company's client. Gross margin dollars for the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division were   $1.14 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , up   5.1%   compared to   $1.09 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, gross margin for temporary and consultant staffing was   37.4%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  , up slightly from   37.2%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  . This year-over-year improvement  

20 

in gross margin percentage is primarily attributable to higher pay-bill spreads, partially offset by lower conversion revenues as a percentage of applicable revenues. 
  Gross margin dollars from permanent placement staffing represent revenues less reimbursable expenses. Gross margin dollars for the Company s permanent placement staffing division were   $324 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , compared to   $319 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . Because reimbursable expenses for permanent placement staffing are de minimis, gross margin dollars are substantially explained by revenues previously discussed. 
  Gross margin dollars for risk consulting and internal audit services represent revenues less direct costs of services, which consist primarily of professional staff payroll, payroll taxes, benefit costs and reimbursable expenses. The primary drivers of risk consulting and internal audit services gross margin are: i) the relative composition of and number of professional staff and their respective pay and bill rates; and ii) staff utilization, which is the relationship of time spent on client engagements in proportion to the total time available for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services staff. Gross margin dollars for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit division were   $174 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , up   3.8%   compared to   $168 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, gross margin for risk consulting and internal audit services in   the first three quarters of 2016   was   28.9%  , down from   30.6%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  . The decline in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015   was due to an increase in investment in hiring and slightly lower staff utilization.  
  Selling, General and Administrative Expenses.   The Company's selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of staff compensation, advertising, depreciation and occupancy costs. The Company s selling, general and administrative expenses were   $1.21 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , up   6.5%   from   $1.14 billion   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, the Company s selling, general and administrative expenses were   30.4%   for   the first three quarters of 2016  , up from   30.0%   for   the first three quarters of 2015  . Contributing factors for each reportable segment are discussed below in further detail. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division were   $840 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , up   6.8%   from   $787 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for temporary and consultant staffing were   27.5%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  , up from   26.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2015   due primarily to an increase in administrative compensation and benefits, including employee medical costs. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s permanent placement staffing division were   $258 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   2.4%   compared to   $252 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for permanent placement staffing were   79.4%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  , up from   78.7%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  . For   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  , the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue is primarily due to an increase in administrative compensation and benefits, including employee medical costs. 
  Selling, general and administrative expenses for the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services division were   $114 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , increasing by   14.4%   compared to   $99 million   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . As a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses for risk consulting and internal audit services were   18.9%   in   the first three quarters of 2016  , up from   18.1%   in   the first three quarters of 2015  . For   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to   the first three quarters of 2015  , the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue is due to increases in fixed overhead costs, administrative compensation, and advertising.  
  Operating Income.   The Company s total operating income was   $430 million  , or   10.8%   of revenues, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , decreasing by   1.5%   from   $436 million  , or   11.5%   of revenues, for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  . For the Company s temporary and consultant staffing division, operating income was   $303 million  , or   9.9%   of applicable revenues, up from   $300 million  , or   10.3%   of applicable revenues, in   the first three quarters of 2015  . For the Company s permanent placement staffing division, operating income was   $66 million  , or   20.4%   of applicable revenues, down from an operating income of   $68 million  , or   21.1%   of applicable revenues, in   the first three quarters of 2015  . For the Company s risk consulting and internal audit services division, operating income was   $61 million  , or   10.0%   of applicable revenues, down from an operating income of   $68 million  , or   12.5%   of applicable revenues, in   the first three quarters of 2015  . 

21 

Provision for income taxes  . The provision for income taxes was   38.2%   and   39.5%   for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The lower tax rate is primarily due to additional credits and foreign restructuring that impacted the provision positively compared to the same period in   2015  . 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
  The change in the Company s liquidity during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   is primarily the net effect of funds generated by operations and the funds used for capital expenditures, repurchases of common stock and payment of dividends.  
  Cash and cash equivalents were   $292 million   and   $252 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. Operating activities provided   $360 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , which was offset by   $83 million   and   $211 million   of net cash used in investing activities and financing activities, respectively. Operating activities provided   $320 million   during the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , which was partially offset by   $68 million   and   $275 million   of net cash used in investing activities and financing activities, respectively. 
  Operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , was composed of net income of   $266 million  , adjusted upward for non-cash items of   $74 million   and changes in working capital of   $20 million  . Net cash provided by operating activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , was comprised of net income of   $264 million  , adjusted upward for non-cash items of   $66 million  , and offset by changes in working capital of   $10 million  . 
  Investing activities Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , was   $83 million  . This was composed of capital expenditures of   $63 million  , deposits to trusts for employee deferred compensation plans of   $18 million   and payment for an acquisition, net of cash acquired, of   $2 million  . Net cash used in investing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , was   $68 million  . This was comprised of capital expenditures of   $48 million   and deposits to trusts for employee benefits and retirement plans of   $20 million  . 
  Financing activities Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , was   $211 million  . This included repurchases of   $126 million   in common stock,   $86 million   in cash dividends to stockholders, offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of   $1 million  . Net cash used in financing activities for the   nine months ended September 30, 2015  , was   $275 million  . This included repurchases of   $201 million   in common stock and   $80 million   in cash dividends to stockholders, offset by   $5 million   in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation and proceeds of   $2 million   from exercises of stock options. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time, up to   7.5 million   additional shares of the Company s common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market conditions. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Company repurchased 2.9 million shares, at a cost of $113 million, and 2.9 million shares of common stock, at a cost of $161 million, on the open market, respectively. Additional stock repurchases were made in connection with employee stock plans, whereby Company shares were tendered by employees for the payment of exercise price and applicable statutory withholding taxes. During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016   and   2015  , such repurchases totaled 0.3 million shares, at a cost of $11 million, and 0.2 million shares, at a cost of $12 million, respectively. Repurchases of shares have been funded with cash generated from operations. 
  The Company s working capital at   September 30, 2016  , included   $292 million   in cash and cash equivalents. The Company expects that internally generated cash will be sufficient to support the working capital needs of the Company, the Company s fixed payments, dividends, and other obligations on both a short-term and long-term basis. 
  On November 1, 2016, the Company announced a quarterly dividend of $.22 per share to be paid to all shareholders of record as of November 25, 2016. The dividend will be paid on December 15, 2016. 
   
  ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  Because a portion of the Company s net revenues are derived from its operations outside the U.S. and are denominated in local currencies, the Company is exposed to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. The Company's exposure to foreign currency exchange rates relates primarily to the Company's foreign subsidiaries. Exchange rates impact the U.S. dollar value of the Company s reported revenues, expenses, earnings, assets and liabilities.  

22 

For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , approximately   20%   of the Company s revenues were generated outside of the United States. These operations transact business in their functional currency, which is the same as their local currency. As a result, fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies against the U.S. dollar, particularly the Canadian dollar, British pound, Euro, and Australian dollar, have an impact on the Company s reported results. Under GAAP, revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars at the monthly average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Consequently, as the value of the U.S. dollar changes relative to the currencies of the Company s non-U.S. markets, the Company s reported results vary. 
  During the   first nine months of 2016  , the U.S. dollar fluctuated, but generally strengthened, against the primary currencies in which the Company conducts business, compared to one year ago.  Currency exchange rates had the effect of decreasing reported net service revenues by $20 million, or 1%, in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to the same period one year ago.  The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar also affected the reported level of expenses incurred in our foreign operations.  Because substantially all our foreign operations generated revenues and incurred expenses within the same country and currency, the favorable effect of lower reported operating expenses largely offset the decline in reported revenues.  Reported net income was lower by $0.6 million, or 0.2%, in   the first three quarters of 2016   compared to the same period one year ago due to the effect of currency exchange rates. 
  For the one month ended October 31, 2016, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against the British Pound, Euro and Canadian Dollar but slightly weakened against the Australian Dollar.  If currency exchange rates were to remain at October 2016 levels throughout the remainder of   2016  , the exchange rate impact on the Company s   2016   full-year reported revenues and operating expenses would be nearly flat compared to full year   2015   results. Thus, the impact to reported net income, should current trends continue, would be immaterial. 
  Fluctuations in currency exchange rates impact the U.S. dollar amount of the Company s stockholders  equity. The assets and liabilities of the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at period end. The resulting translation adjustments are recorded in stockholders  equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Although currency fluctuations impact the Company s reported results and shareholders  equity, such fluctuations generally do not affect cash flow or result in actual economic gains or losses.  The Company generally has few cross-border transfers of funds, except for transfers to the U.S. for payment of intercompany loans, working capital loans made between the U.S. and the Company s foreign subsidiaries, and dividends from the Company s foreign subsidiaries. 
   
  ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
  Management, including the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
  The Company implemented a new CRM system for its temporary and consultant staffing and permanent placement staffing segments in the United States, and a new project management system for its risk consulting and internal audit segment in the United States, during the quarter ended September 30, 2016. Except as otherwise described, there have been no other changes to our internal controls over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that occurred during the Company s last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

23 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
   
  ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
  There have been no material developments with regard to the legal proceedings previously disclosed in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 
   
  ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
  There have not been any material changes with regard to the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended   December 31, 2015   and its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016. 
   
  ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 
    Includes 6,660 shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, whereby Company shares were tendered by employees for the payment of applicable withholding taxes and/or exercise price. 
              (b) 
    Commencing in October 1997, the Company's Board of Directors has, at various times, authorized the repurchase, from time to time, of the Company's common stock on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions depending on market conditions. Since plan inception, a total of 108,000,000  shares have been authorized for repurchase of which 100,520,219 shares have been repurchased as of September 30, 2016. 
      
  ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
  Not applicable. 

24 

ITEM 5. Other Information 
  None. 
   
  ITEM 6. Exhibits   

25 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
                   
    R  OBERT   H  ALF   I  NTERNATIONAL   I  NC  . 
  (Registrant) 

/  S  /    M. K  EITH   W  ADDELL         
        
    M. Keith Waddell 
  Vice Chairman, President and Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer and 
  duly authorized signatory) 

Date:  November 3, 2016 

26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rhi93016ex311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  I, Harold M. Messmer, Jr., certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Robert Half International Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date: November 3, 2016  
                   
    /s/ Harold M. Messmer, Jr. 
        
    Harold M. Messmer, Jr. 
  Chairman   CEO 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rhi93016ex312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
  Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
  I, M. Keith Waddell, certify that: 
    
           1. 
    I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Robert Half International Inc.; 
       
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
       
           3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
       
           4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:  November 3, 2016  
                   
    /s/ M. Keith Waddell 
        
    M. Keith Waddell 
  Vice Chairman, President   CFO 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rhi93016ex321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
  TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Robert Half International Inc. (the  Form 10-Q ), I, Harold M. Messmer, Jr., Chief Executive Officer of Robert Half International Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  1. The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  2. The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Robert Half International Inc. 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Robert Half International Inc. and will be retained by Robert Half International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                           November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ Harold M. Messmer, Jr. 
        
    Harold M. Messmer, Jr. 
  Chief Executive Officer 
  Robert Half International Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 rhi93016ex322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT 
  TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016 of Robert Half International Inc. (the  Form 10-Q ), I, M. Keith Waddell, Chief Financial Officer of Robert Half International Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
  1. The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
  2. The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Robert Half International Inc. 
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Robert Half International Inc. and will be retained by Robert Half International Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
    
                           November 3, 2016 
      
    /s/ M. Keith Waddell 
        
    M. Keith Waddell 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  Robert Half International Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 rhi-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 rhi-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 rhi-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rhi-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 rhi-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 rhi-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

