<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1407067_0001193125-16-764385_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8738470</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>149446</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>416646</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1783390</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3838950</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2003205</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-764385.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162052
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-764385
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Franklin Financial Network Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001407067
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				208839445
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36895
		FILM NUMBER:		161984505

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		722 COLUMBIA AVENUE
		CITY:			Franklin
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37064
		BUSINESS PHONE:		615-236-2265

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		722 COLUMBIA AVENUE
		CITY:			Franklin
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37064

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-764385.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 d267679d10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

Form 10-Q 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549        
       FORM 10-Q

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016       
 
  For the transition period from
                       to
                           
  Commission file number 001-36895        
       FRANKLIN
FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.      (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)   

Tennessee  
   
  20-8839445   
 
    (State or other jurisdiction of  
  incorporation or organization)   
   
    (I.R.S. Employer  
  Identification No.)    

722 Columbia Avenue  
  Franklin, Tennessee   
   
  37064   
 
  (Address of principal executive offices)  
   
  (Zip Code)   
    615-236-2265   
  (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)   
  N/A      (Former Name, Former
Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report)        
      Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes       No     
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    Yes       No       Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act.      

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
   
    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    
 Smaller reporting company 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    Yes       No       The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, no par value per share, as of October 31, 2016, was 10,758,458.      

Table of Contents  

     TABLE OF CONTENTS   

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION     

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements    

1 

Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)    

Consolidated Balance Sheets    

2 

Consolidated Statements of Income    

3 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss)    

4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders  Equity

5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows    

6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    

7 

Item 
2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

27 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

50 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures    

51 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION     

Item 1. Legal Proceedings    

51 

Item 1A. Risk Factors    

51 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds

52 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

53 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures    

53 

Item 5. Other Information    

53 

Item 6. Exhibits    

54 

SIGNATURES     

Table of Contents  

     CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains  forward-looking statements  as defined under U.S. federal securities laws. These statements reflect
management s current knowledge, assumptions, beliefs, estimates, and expectations and express management s current views of future performance, results, and trends and may be identified by their use of terms such as  may, 
 would,   could,   should,   will,   expect,   anticipate,   predict,   project,   potential,   continue,   contemplate,   seek, 
 assume,   believe,   intend,   plan,   forecast,   goal,  and  estimate,  and other similar terms. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Such statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements after this date.    Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements include those discussed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), including those described in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2015 and those described in Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.  
      1  

Table of Contents  

     PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)       

   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      2  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
   (Unaudited)        
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      3  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)   
  Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
   (Unaudited)        
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      4  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY   
  Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
   (Unaudited)        
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      5  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
   (Unaudited)        
   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  
      6  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   
  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data)   
   (Unaudited)       NOTE 1 BASIS
OF PRESENTATION     The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with instructions to Form 10-Q and
therefore do not include all information and footnotes necessary for a fair presentation of financial position, results of operations, and cash flows in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). All adjustments
which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the results for the periods reported have been included as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. It is suggested
that these interim consolidated financial statements and notes be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016.  
 These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Franklin Financial Network, Inc. ( FFN ), and its wholly-owned subsidiaries,
Franklin Synergy Bank ( Franklin Synergy  or the  Bank ) and Franklin Synergy Risk Management, Inc. (collectively, the  Company ). Franklin Synergy Investments of Tennessee, Inc., Franklin Synergy Investments of Nevada,
Inc., and Franklin Synergy Preferred Capital, Inc. are direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Bank and are included in these consolidated financial statements. Significant intercompany transactions and accounts are eliminated in consolidation.  
  NOTE 2 SECURITIES     The following table summarizes
the amortized cost and fair value of the securities available for sale portfolio at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and the corresponding amounts of gross unrealized gains and losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income.      
     
   The amortized cost and fair value of the securities held to maturity portfolio at September 30, 2016 and
December 31, 2015 and the corresponding amounts of gross unrecognized gains and losses were as follows:      
 
      7  

Table of Contents  

The proceeds from sales and calls of securities available for sale and the associated gains and losses were as follows:  
   
   The proceeds from calls of securities held to maturity that were called at a price in excess of par value and the associated
gains were as follows:      
   The amortized cost and fair value of the investment securities portfolio are shown by contractual maturity. Securities not due
at a single maturity date, primarily mortgage-backed securities, are shown separately.      
   Securities pledged at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 had a carrying amount of $742,828 and $595,524,
respectively, and were pledged to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements.  
      8  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer,
other than the U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies, in an amount greater than 10% of shareholders  equity.    The following table
summarizes the securities with unrealized and unrecognized losses at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, aggregated by major security type and length of time in a continuous unrealized loss position:  

Unrealized and unrecognized losses on debt securities have not been recognized into income because the issuers  bonds are
of high credit quality (rated AA or higher), management does not intend to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes
in interest rates and other market conditions. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach maturity.  
      9  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 3 LOANS   
 Loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were as follows:      
   The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the three month periods
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
 
      10  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the activity in the allowance for loan losses by portfolio segment for the
nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The following table presents the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans by portfolio
segment and based on impairment method as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. For purposes of this disclosure, recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and deferred loan fees, net due to immateriality.

11  

Table of Contents  

Loans collectively evaluated for impairment reported at September 30, 2016 include certain acquired loans. At
September 30, 2016, these non-PCI loans had a carrying value of $82,669, comprised of contractually unpaid principal totaling $84,848 and discounts totaling $2,179. Management evaluated these loans for credit deterioration since acquisition and
determined that $32 in allowance for loan losses was necessary at September 30, 2016.    The following table presents information related to impaired
loans by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
 
      12  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the average recorded investment of impaired loans by class of loans for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   The impact on net interest income for these loans was not material to the Company s results of operations for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.    The following table presents the recorded investment in nonaccrual and loans past due over 90
days still on accrual by class of loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
   Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days still on accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are
collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans.  
      13  

Table of Contents  

  The following table presents the aging of the recorded investment in past due loans as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 by class of loans:      
     
    Credit Quality Indicators:  The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the
ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by
classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis includes non-homogeneous loans, such as commercial and commercial real estate loans as well as non-homogeneous residential real estate loans. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. The
Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings:     Special Mention.  Loans classified as special mention have a potential
weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date.  
  Substandard.  Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or
of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the
deficiencies are not corrected.  
      14  

Table of Contents  

  Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the above described process are
considered to be pass-rated loans. The following table includes PCI loans, which are included in the  Substandard  column. Based on the most recent analysis performed, the risk category of loans by class of loans is as follows as of
September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      
     
    Purchased Credit-impaired ( PCI ) loans   
 Income is recognized on PCI loans pursuant to ASC Topic 310-30. A portion of the fair value discount is recognized as an accretable yield that is accreted into
interest income over the estimated remaining life of the loans. The remaining non-accretable difference represents cash flows not expected to be collected.  
 The table below summarizes the total contractually required principal and interest cash payments, management s estimate of expected total cash payments
and carrying value of the loans as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      
 
      15  

Table of Contents  

  Management adjusted estimates of future expected losses, cash flows and renewal assumptions during the quarter
ended September 30, 2016. These adjustments resulted in changes in expected cash flows, accretable yield, and the non-accretable difference for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
 The table below summarizes the changes in total contractually required principal and interest cash payments, management s estimate of expected total cash
payments and carrying value of the loans during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
     
   The table below summarizes the changes in total contractually required principal and interest cash payments, management s
estimate of expected total cash payments and carrying value of the loans during the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.      
     
    Troubled Debt Restructurings   
 The Company s loan portfolio contains no loans that have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring.  
      16  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 4 LOAN SERVICING   
 Loans serviced for others are not reported as assets. The principal balances of these loans at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as
follows:      
   The components of net loan servicing fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as
follows:      
   The fair value of servicing rights was estimated by management to be approximately $3,948 at September 30, 2016. Fair
value for September 30, 2016 was determined using a weighted average discount rate of 10.5% and a weighted average prepayment speed of 14.7%. At December 31, 2015, the fair value of servicing rights was estimated by management to be
approximately $4,635. Fair value for December 31, 2015 was determined using weighted average discount rate of 10.5% and a weighted average prepayment speed of 10.2%.  
  NOTE 5 SECURITIES SOLD UNDER AGREEMENT TO REPURCHASE   
 Our subsidiary bank enters into borrowing arrangements with our retail business customers and correspondent banks through agreements to repurchase
( securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) under which the bank pledges investment securities owned and under its control as collateral against these short-term borrowing arrangements. At maturity the securities underlying the
agreements are returned to the Company. At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, these short-term borrowings totaled $37,343 and $61,261, respectively, and were secured by securities with carrying amounts of $38,333 and $73,478,
respectively. At September 30, 2016, all of the Company s repurchase agreements had one-day maturities.    The following table provides additional
details as of September 30, 2016:      
 
      17  

Table of Contents  

   NOTE 6 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS   
 In connection with the Company s 2010 private offering, 32,425 warrants were issued to shareholders, one warrant for every twenty shares of common
stock purchased. Each warrant allows the shareholders to purchase an additional share of common stock at $12.00 per share. The warrants were issued with an effective date of March 30, 2010 and will be exercisable in whole or in part up to
seven years following the date of issuance. The warrants are detachable from the common stock. There were 6,575 and 4,970 warrants exercised during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. A summary of the stock warrant
activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 follows:      
   At September 30, 2016, there were 18,732 outstanding warrants associated with the 2010 offering.  
 Since the common stock of the Company is registered under the Securities Act and has been traded on a national securities exchange at $15.00 or more for
forty-five (45) consecutive days, the Company may redeem the 2010 warrants at any time with not less than thirty (30) days  written notice to the holders of such 2010 warrants, in whole or in part, at a redemption price of $1.00 per
warrant; provided, however, that the holder of the 2010 warrant may exercise the 2010 warrant, in whole or in part, during such thirty (30) day period.  
 The Company has two share based compensation plans as described below. Total compensation cost that has been charged against income for those plans was $406
and $248 and $1,201 and $619 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The total income tax benefit related to vesting of restricted stock and exercises of stock options was $616 and $147 for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The total income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was $107. There was no excess tax benefit from the exercise of stock options for the three months ended September 30, 2015.
    Stock Option Plan : The Company s 2007 Stock Option Plan ( stock option plan  or the  Plan ), which was
shareholder-approved, permitted the grant of share options to its employees, organizers and directors for up to 551,250 shares of common stock. The Plan was amended during April 2010 to increase the number of shares available for issuance to
1,000,000. In April 2013, the Plan was amended to offer additional forms of equity compensation, to change the Plan s name to the Franklin Financial Network, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, and to increase the number of authorized
shares to 1,500,000. The Company believes that such awards better align the interests of its employees with those of its shareholders. Shareholders approved amendments to the Plan to increase the number of authorized shares to 2,000,000 in June 2014
and to 4,000,000 in February 2015. At September 30, 2016, there were 2,041,673 authorized shares available for issuance.    Employee, organizer and
director awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant; those option awards have a vesting period of three to five years and have a ten-year contractual term.
The Company assigns discretion to its Board of Directors to make grants either as qualified incentive stock options or as non-qualified stock options. All employee grants are intended to be treated as qualified incentive stock options, if allowable.
All other grants are expected to be treated as non-qualified.    The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a closed form
option valuation (Black-Scholes) model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected stock price volatility is based on historical volatilities of the Company s common stock. The Company uses historical data to estimate option
exercise and post-vesting termination behavior.    The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to
be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.  
      18  

Table of Contents  

  The fair value of options granted was determined using the following weighted-average assumptions as of grant
date.      
   The weighted average fair value of options granted for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $9.78 and
$6.41, respectively.    A summary of the activity in the stock option plans for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 follows:  

As of September 30, 2016, there was $3,583 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options
granted under the Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 4.1 years.     Restricted Share Award Plan :
Additionally, the Company s 2007 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan provides for the granting of restricted share awards and other performance related incentives. When the restricted shares are awarded, a participant receives voting and dividend
rights with respect to the shares, but is not able to transfer the shares until the restrictions have lapsed. These awards have a vesting period of three to five years and vest in equal annual installments on the anniversary date of the grant.  
 A summary of activity for non-vested restricted share awards for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows:  

19  

Table of Contents  

  Compensation expense associated with the restricted share awards is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
time period that the restrictions associated with the awards lapse based on the total cost of the award at the grant date. As of September 30, 2016, there was $1,917 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares granted
under the Plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 3.2 years. The total fair value of shares vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $974 and $520, respectively.  
  NOTE 7 REGULATORY CAPITAL MATTERS     Banks and bank
holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate
regulatory action. The final rules implementing Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. Banks (Basel III rules) became effective for the Company on January 1, 2015 with full compliance with all of the
requirements being phased in over a multi-year schedule, and fully phased in by January 1, 2019.    The Basel III rules additionally provide for
countercyclical capital requirements so that the required amount of capital increases in times of economic expansion and decreases in times of economic contraction, consistent with safety and soundness. Under the Basel III rules, banks must maintain
a capital conservation buffer consisting of additional Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets above each of the required minimum capital levels in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share
repurchases, and paying certain discretionary bonuses. This new capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and will increase each year until fully implemented at 2.5% in January
2019.    Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly
undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital
distributions are limited, as is asset growth and expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. At September 30, 2016, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for
prompt corrective action. Management believes, as of September 30, 2016, that the Company and Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management
believes have changed the institution s category.    Actual and required capital amounts and ratios are presented below as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015 for the Company and Bank:      
     (1)  NOTE: The capital conservation buffer is not included in capital
adequacy amounts.   
      20  

Table of Contents  

   Dividend Restrictions : The Company s principal source of funds for dividend payments is dividends
received from the Bank. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval of regulatory agencies. Under these regulations, the amount of dividends that may be paid in any calendar year is limited to the
current year s net profits, combined with the retained net profits of the preceding two years, subject to the capital requirements described above. The Bank currently may not pay dividends without prior written approval from its primary
regulatory agencies.     NOTE 8 FAIR VALUE     Fair
value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair values:    Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) for
identical assets or liabilities in active markets that the entity has the ability to access as of the measurement date.    Level 2:
Significant other observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data.    Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs that reflect a reporting entity s own assumptions about the assumptions that market
participants would use in pricing an asset or liability.     Securities : The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market
prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2), using matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique commonly used
to price debt securities that are not actively traded, values debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities  relationship to other benchmark quoted securities
(Level 2 inputs). For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators (Level 3).  
  Derivatives : The fair values of derivatives are based on valuation models using observable market data as of the measurement date (Level 2).  
  Impaired Loans : The fair value of impaired loans with specific allocations of the allowance for loan losses is generally based on recent real estate
appraisals. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust
for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Non-real estate collateral may be valued
using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s historical knowledge, changes in market conditions from the time of the valuation, and
management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Impaired loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly. Appraisals
for impaired loans are generally obtained annually but may be obtained more frequently based on changing circumstances as part of the aforementioned quarterly evaluation.  
  Foreclosed Assets : Assets acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure are initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired,
establishing a new cost basis. These assets are subsequently accounted for at lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals which are updated no less frequently than annually.
These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for
differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are usually significant and typically result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. Foreclosed assets are evaluated on a quarterly
basis for additional impairment and adjusted accordingly.  
      21  

Table of Contents  

  Appraisals for both collateral-dependent impaired loans and real estate owned are performed by certified general
appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by the Company. Once received, a member of the credit administration department
reviews the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal as well as the overall resulting fair value in comparison with independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics. On an annual basis, the Company compares
the actual selling price of collateral that has been sold to the most recent appraised value to determine what additional adjustment should be made to the appraisal value to arrive at fair value.  
  Loans Held For Sale:  The Company has elected the fair value option for loans held for sale to align with other accounting policies related to mortgage
banking, such as mortgage banking derivatives. These loans are typically sold to an investor following loan origination and the fair value of such accounts are readily available based on direct quotes from investors or similar transactions
experienced in the secondary loan market. Fair value adjustments, as well as realized gains and losses are recorded in current earnings. Fair value is determined by market prices for similar transactions adjusted for specific attributes of that loan
(Level 2).    Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including financial assets and liabilities for which the Company has
elected the fair value option, are summarized below:      

Fair Value Measurements at September 30, 2016 Using: 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Financial Assets  

Securities available for sale  

U.S. government sponsored entities and agencies  
    
 $ 

$ 
 3,138 

$ 

Mortgage-backed securities-residential  

556,797 

Mortgage-backed securities-commercial  

19,759 

State and political subdivisions  

91,062 

Total securities available for sale  
    
 $ 

$ 
 670,056 

$ 

Loans held for sale  
    
 $ 

$ 
 26,819 

$ 

Mortgage banking derivatives  
    
 $ 

$ 
 858 

$ 

Financial Liabilities  

Mortgage banking derivatives  
    
 $ 

$ 
 87 

$ 

Fair Value Measurements at December 31, 2015 Using: 

Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) 

Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) 

Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 

Financial Assets  

Securities available for sale  

U.S. government sponsored entities and agencies  
    
 $ 

$ 
 6,817 

$ 

Mortgage-backed securities-residential  

500,955 

Mortgage-backed securities-commercial  

19,835 

State and political subdivisions  

48,231 

Total securities available for sale  
    
 $ 

$ 
 575,838 

$ 

Loans held for sale  
    
 $ 

$ 
 14,079 

$ 

Mortgage banking derivatives  
    
 $ 

$ 
 411 

$ 

Financial Liabilities  

Mortgage banking derivatives  
    
 $ 

$ 
 29 

$ 

22  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, the unpaid principal balance of loans held for sale was $25,937 resulting in an
unrealized gain of $882 included in gains on sale of loans. As of December 31, 2015, the unpaid principal balance of loans held for sale was $13,754, resulting in an unrealized gain of $325 included in gains on sale of loans. For the three
months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the change in fair value related to loans held for sale, which is included in gain on sale of loans, was $326 and $248, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
change in fair value related to loans held for sale, which is included in gain on sale of loans, was $558 and ($22), respectively. None of these loans were 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual as of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015.    There were no transfers between level 1 and 2 during 2016 or 2015.  
 Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis are summarized below:  
 There was one collateral dependent impaired loan carried at fair value as of September 30, 2016 that totaled $375. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, $115 and $0 in additional provision for loan losses was recorded related to impaired loans recorded at fair value of collateral. There were no collateral dependent impaired loans carried at fair value as of
December 31, 2015.    Foreclosed assets measured at fair value less costs to sell, had a net carrying amount of zero as of September 30, 2016 and
$200 as of December 31, 2015. There were no properties at September 30, 2016 or 2015 that had required write-downs to fair value resulting in no write downs for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively.    The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 are as
follows:      

23  

Table of Contents  

  The methods and assumptions not previously described used to estimate fair values are described as follows:  
   (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents:   The carrying amounts of cash and short-term instruments approximate fair values
and are classified as Level 1.      (b) Loans:   Fair values of loans, excluding loans held for sale, are estimated
as follows: For variable rate loans that reprice frequently and with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are based on carrying values resulting in a Level 3 classification. Fair values for other loans are estimated using discounted
cash flow analyses, using interest rates currently being offered for loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality resulting in a Level 3 classification. Impaired loans are valued at the lower of cost or fair value as described
previously. The methods utilized to estimate the fair value of loans do not necessarily represent an exit price.      (c)
Restricted Equity Securities:   It is not practical to determine the fair value of Federal Home Loan Bank or Federal Reserve Bank stock due to restrictions placed on its transferability.  
   (d) Mortgage Servicing Rights:   Fair value of mortgage servicing rights is based on valuation models that
calculate the present value of estimated net cash flows based on industry market data. The valuation model incorporates assumptions that market participants would use in estimating future net cash flows resulting in a Level 2 classification.  
   (e) Deposits:   The fair values disclosed for demand deposits (e.g., interest and non-interest checking, passbook
savings, and certain types of money market accounts) are, by definition, equal to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date (i.e., their carrying amount) resulting in a Level 1 classification. The carrying amounts of fixed-term money market
accounts approximate their fair values at the reporting date resulting in a Level 1 classification. Fair values for certificates of deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flows calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered
on certificates to a schedule of aggregated expected monthly maturities on time deposits resulting in a Level 2 classification.  
   (f) Federal Funds Purchased and Repurchase Agreements:   The carrying amounts of federal funds purchased,
borrowings under repurchase agreements, and other short-term borrowings, generally maturing within ninety days, approximate their fair values resulting in a Level 2 classification.  
   (g) Federal Home Loan Bank Advances:   The fair values of the Company s long-term borrowings are estimated
using discounted cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements resulting in a Level 2 classification.  
   (h) Subordinated Notes:   The fair values of the Company s subordinated notes are estimated using discounted
cash flow analyses based on the current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements resulting in a Level 3 classification.  
   (i) Accrued Interest Receivable/Payable:   The carrying amounts of accrued interest approximate fair value
resulting in a Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 classification based on the asset/liability with which they are associated.  
   (j) Off-balance Sheet Instruments:   Fair values for off-balance sheet, credit-related financial instruments are
based on fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties  credit standing. The fair value of commitments is not material.  
  NOTE 9 EARNINGS PER SHARE     The two-class method is
used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share. Under the two-class method, earnings available to common shareholders for the period are allocated between common shareholders and participating securities according to dividends
declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. The factors used in the earnings per share computation follow:  
      24  

Table of Contents  

For the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, stock options for 272,087 and 226,040 shares of common stock were
not considered in computing diluted earnings per common share because they were antidilutive. Stock options for 151,544 and 228,691 shares of common stock were not considered in computing diluted earnings per common share for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 because they were antidilutive.     NOTE 10 SUBORDINATED NOTES   
 On March 31, 2016, the Company completed the issuance of $40,000 in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate Subordinated Notes due 2026 (the
 March 2016 Notes ) in a public offering to accredited institutional investors. The March 2016 Notes will mature on March 30, 2026, unless redeemed prior to that date. The Company may redeem the March 2016 Notes in whole or in part on
or after March 30, 2021, and in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a  Regulatory Capital Treatment Event , as defined in the First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2016, between the Company
and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the  Supplemental Indenture ) governing the March 2016 Notes. The redemption price for any redemption will be 100% of the principal amount of the March 2016 Notes, plus unpaid interest, if
any, accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. Any early redemption of the March 2016 Notes will be subject to the receipt of the approval of the Federal Reserve to the extent then required under applicable laws or regulations, including
capital regulations. There is no sinking fund for the March 2016 Notes.    The March 2016 Notes initially bear interest at 6.875% per year, payable
semi-annually in arrears on March 30 and September 30 of each year, beginning on September 30, 2016, and going through March 29, 2021. Thereafter, the March 2016 Notes will bear interest at an annual floating rate equal to
three-month LIBOR as determined for the applicable quarterly period, plus a spread of 5.636%, with interest payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year, beginning on
June 30, 2021.  
      25  

Table of Contents  

  The March 2016 Notes are unsecured and will rank at least equally with all of the Company s other unsecured
subordinated indebtedness and will be effectively subordinated to all of our secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt. The March 2016 Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to all of our existing and
future senior indebtedness, and will rank structurally junior to all existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries including, in the case of the Bank, its depositors, and any preferred equity holders of our subsidiaries. The holders of the
March 2016 Notes may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding.  
 The sale of the March 2016 Notes yielded net proceeds of approximately $38,843 after deducting the placement agents  fees and estimated expenses payable
by the Company. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to pay off a $10 million borrowing that had been used to redeem the shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the  Series A Preferred Stock )
issued to the United States Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) in connection with the Company s participation in the Small Business Lending Fund and to fund future growth of the Bank.  
 The issuance costs related to the March 2016 Notes amounted to $1,382 and are being amortized as interest expense over the ten-year term of the March 2016
Notes.    On June 30, 2016, the Company completed the issuance of an additional $20,000 aggregate principal amount of its 7.00% fixed-to-floating rate
subordinated notes due 2026 (the  June 2016 Notes ) to certain institutional accredited investors in a private offering in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.    The June 2016 Notes have a stated maturity of
July 1, 2026, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.00% per year through June 30, 2021, computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of
each year beginning on January 1, 2017. Beginning July 1, 2021 through the maturity date or an early redemption date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per year equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate
plus 604 basis points, computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, payable quarterly in arrears. The June 2016 Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, on or after July 1, 2021 and at any time upon the
occurrence of certain events set forth in the June 2016 Notes. Any early redemption of the March 2016 Notes will be subject to the receipt of the approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve ) to
the extent then required under applicable laws or regulations, including capital regulations. There is no sinking fund for the June 2016 Notes.    Principal
and interest on the June 2016 Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The June 2016 Notes are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right to payment to the Company s current and future
senior indebtedness and equal with the Company s previously issued March 2016 Notes    The June 2016 Notes are unsecured and will rank at least equally
with all of the Company s other unsecured subordinated indebtedness and will be effectively subordinated to all of our secured debt to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt. The June 2016 Notes will be subordinated in
right of payment to all of our existing and future senior indebtedness, and will rank structurally junior to all existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries including, in the case of the Bank, its depositors, and any preferred equity holders
of our subsidiaries. The holders of the June 2016 Notes may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government in the event that we enter into a receivership, insolvency, liquidation, or similar proceeding.  
 The issuance costs related to the June 2016 Notes were $404 and are being amortized as interest expense over the ten-year term of the June 2016 Notes.  
 For regulatory capital purposes, the March 2016 Notes and the June 2016 Notes are treated as Tier 2 capital, subject to certain limitations, and are included
in total regulatory capital when calculating the Company s total capital to risk weighted assets ratio as indicated in Note 7 of these consolidated financial statements.  
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s subordinated notes, net of issuance costs, totaled $58,292.  
      26  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     The following discussion is intended to assist in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and
trends related to the Company s results of operations and financial condition. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the accompanying unaudited financial statements, the audited financial statements and accompanying
notes included in the Company s Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016, which includes additional information about critical accounting policies and practices and risk factors, and Item 1A of Part II of this report, which
updates those risk factors. Historical results and trends that might appear in the consolidated financial statements should not be interpreted as being indicative of future operations. All amounts are in thousands, except per share data or unless
otherwise indicated.     Company Overview   
 We are a financial holding company headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee. Through our wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Franklin Synergy Bank, a
Tennessee-chartered commercial bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System, we provide a full range of banking and related financial services with a focus on service to small businesses, corporate entities, local governments and individuals. We
operate through 12 branches and one loan production office in the demographically attractive and growing Williamson, Rutherford and Davidson Counties within the Nashville metropolitan statistical area. As used in this report, unless the context
otherwise indicates, any reference to  Franklin Financial,   our Company,   the Company,   us,   we  and  our  refers to Franklin Financial Network, Inc. together with its consolidated
subsidiaries (including Franklin Synergy Bank), any reference to  FFN  refers to Franklin Financial Network, Inc. only and any reference to  Franklin Synergy  or the  Bank  refers to our banking subsidiary, Franklin
Synergy Bank.     Critical Accounting Policies   
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company are in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America and conform to general practices within the banking industry. To prepare financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, management makes estimates and assumptions based on
available information. These estimates and assumptions affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the disclosures provided, and actual results could differ.  
 The Company s accounting policies are integral to understanding the results reported. Accounting policies are described in detail in Note
1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in the Company s Form 10-K that was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. The critical accounting policies require judgment to ascertain the valuation of assets, liabilities,
commitments and contingencies. Management has established policies and control procedures that are intended to ensure valuation methods are well controlled and applied consistently from period to period. In addition, the policies and procedures are
intended to ensure that the process for changing methodologies occurs in an appropriate manner. The following is a brief summary of the more significant policies.  
  Purchased Loans     The Company maintains an
allowance for loan losses on purchased loans based on credit deterioration subsequent to the acquisition date. In accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations, we recorded all acquired loans at fair value as of the date of the
acquisition. For purchased credit-impaired loans accounted for under ASC 310-30, management establishes an allowance for loan losses subsequent to the date of acquisition by re-estimating expected cash flows on these loans on a quarterly basis, with
any decline in expected cash flows due to credit triggering impairment recorded as provision for loan losses. The allowance established is the excess of the loan s carrying value over the present value of projected future cash flows, discounted
at the current accounting yield of the loan. These cash flow evaluations are inherently subjective as they require material estimates, all of which may be susceptible to significant change. While the determination of specific cash flows involves
estimates, each estimate is unique to the individual loan, and none is individually significant. For non-purchased credit-impaired loans acquired and that are accounted for under ASC 310-20, the historical loss estimates are based on the historical
losses experienced by the Company for loans with similar characteristics as those acquired other than purchased credit-impaired loans.     Allowance for
Loan Losses     The allowance for loan losses is a valuation allowance for probable incurred credit losses. Loan losses are charged
against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience,
the nature and volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors.  
 Allocations of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s
judgment, should be charged off.  
      27  

Table of Contents  

  The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific component relates to
loans that are individually classified as impaired. A loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement.
Loans for which the terms have been modified resulting in a concession, and for which the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, are considered troubled debt restructurings and classified as impaired.  
 Factors considered by management in determining impairment include payment status, collateral value, and the probability of collecting
scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as impaired. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls
on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the
shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed.    All loans classified by management as substandard or worse are individually
evaluated for impairment. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if
repayment is expected solely from the collateral.    Troubled debt restructurings are separately identified for impairment disclosures and
are measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception. If a troubled debt restructuring is considered to be a collateral dependent loan, the loan is reported, net, at the fair value of the
collateral. For troubled debt restructurings that subsequently default, the Company determines the amount of reserve in accordance with the accounting policy for the allowance for loan losses.  
 The general component covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted for current factors. The historical loss
experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on a combination of the Bank s loss history and loss history from the Bank s peer group over the past three years. This actual loss experience is supplemented with other economic
factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. These economic factors include consideration of the following: levels of and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; trends in
volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and
local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentrations.     Mortgage Servicing Rights   
 When loans are sold with servicing retained, servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value with the income statement effect recorded in
gain on sale of loans. Fair value is based on market prices for comparable servicing contracts. All classes of servicing assets are subsequently measured using the amortization method which requires servicing rights to be amortized into non-interest
income in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future net servicing income of the underlying loans.    Servicing assets are
evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to carrying amount. Impairment is determined by stratifying rights into groupings based on predominant risk characteristics, such as interest rate, loan type and investor
type. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for an individual grouping, to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists for a
particular grouping, a reduction of the allowance may be recorded as an increase to income. Changes in valuation allowances are reported with loan servicing fees on the income statement. The fair values of servicing rights are subject to significant
fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual prepayment speeds and default rates and losses.    Servicing fee income, which
is reported on the income statement as loan servicing fees, is recorded for fees earned for servicing loans. The fees are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal or a fixed amount per loan and are recorded as income when
earned. The amortization of mortgage servicing rights is netted against mortgage loan servicing fee income.  
      28  

Table of Contents  

   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
 In January 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.   ASU 2016-01, among other things, (i) requires equity investments, with certain exceptions, to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income,
(ii) simplifies the impairment assessment of equity investments without readily determinable fair values by requiring a qualitative assessment to identify impairment, (iii) eliminates the requirement for public business entities to
disclose the methods and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet, (iv) requires public business entities to use the exit
price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, (v) requires an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability resulting
from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk when the entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for financial instruments, (vi) requires separate presentation of financial assets
and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements and (vii) clarifies that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on a
deferred tax asset related to securities available-for-sale. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for the Company on January 1, 2018 and is not expected to have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements.  
 In February 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-02,  Leases (Topic 842).   ASU 2016-02 will, among other things,
require lessees to recognize a lease liability, which is a lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee s right to
use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. ASU 2016-02 does not significantly change lease accounting requirements applicable to lessors; however, certain changes were made to align, where necessary, lessor accounting
with the lessee accounting model and ASC Topic 606,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers.  ASU 2016-02 will be effective for us on January 1, 2019 and will require transition using a modified retrospective approach for
leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of ASU 2016-02 on the Company s consolidated
financial statements.    In March 2016, the FASB issued  ASU 2016-09,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.   Under ASU 2016-09 all excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based payment awards should be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income
statement during the period in which they occur. Previously, such amounts were recorded in the pool of excess tax benefits included in additional paid-in capital, if such pool was available. Because excess tax benefits are no longer recognized in
additional paid-in capital, the assumed proceeds from applying the treasury stock method when computing earnings per share should exclude the amount of excess tax benefits that would have previously been recognized in additional paid-in capital.
Additionally, excess tax benefits should be classified along with other income tax cash flows as an operating activity rather than a financing activity, as was previously the case. ASU 2016-09 also provides that an entity can make an
entity-wide accounting policy election to either estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest (current GAAP) or account for forfeitures when they occur. ASU 2016-09 changes the threshold to qualify for equity classification (rather
than as a liability) to permit withholding up to the maximum statutory tax rates (rather than the minimum as was previously the case) in the applicable jurisdictions. ASU 2016-09 will be effective on January 1, 2017, and early adoption is
allowed. The Company has not yet elected to adopt this ASU early, but management is considering potential early adoption during the fourth quarter of 2016. Had the Company adopted ASU 2016-09 during the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the
impact to earnings would have been a decrease in income tax expense of approximately $183 and $755 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and the impact to diluted earnings per share would have been increases of $0.01 per share
and $0.06 per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively.    In June 2016, the FASB issued  ASU No. 2016-13,
Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The amendments in this update require a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The
allowance for credit losses within this update is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of the financial assets to present the net carrying value at the amount expected to be collected on the financial assets. The income
statement reflects the measurement of credit losses for newly recognized financial assets, as well as the expected increases or decreases of expected credit losses that have taken place during the period. The measurement of expected credit losses is
based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amount of financial assets. An entity must use judgment in
determining the relevant information and estimation methods that are appropriate in its circumstances. The allowance for credit losses for purchased financial assets with a more-than-insignificant amount of credit deterioration since origination
that are measured at amortized cost basis is determined in a similar manner to other financial assets measured at amortized cost basis; however, the initial allowance for credit losses is added to the purchase price rather than being reported as a
credit loss expense. Only subsequent changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as a credit loss expense for these assets. Off-balance-sheet arrangements such as commitments to extend credit, guarantees, and standby letters of credit
that are not considered derivatives under ASC 815 and are not unconditionally cancellable are also within the scope of this amendment. Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit
losses. For public companies, the update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All entities may adopt the amendments in this update earlier as of the fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity will apply the amendments in  
      29  

Table of Contents  

this update on a modified retrospective basis, through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective.
The Company is currently assessing the impact that this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.    In August 2016, the
FASB issued guidance within ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments . The amendments in this Update provide guidance on eight specific cash flow issues with the objective
of reducing the existing diversity in presentation and classification in the statement of cash flows. The cash flow issues addressed include: 1) debt prepayment or debt extinguishment costs; 2) settlement of zero-coupon debt instruments; 3)
contingent consideration payments made after a business combination; 4) proceeds from the settlement of insurance claims; 5) proceeds from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies, including bank-owned life insurance policies; 6)
distributions received from equity method investments; 7) beneficial interest in securitization transactions; and 8) separately identifiable cash flows and the application of the predominance principle. The amendments in this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period; however, an entity is required to adopt all of the amendments in the same
period. The amendments in this Update require application using a retrospective transition method to each period presented. Management is in currently evaluating the effects that the Update is expected to have on the Company s Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows and is currently planning to adopt the guidance during the first quarter of 2018.     COMPARISON OF RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED      SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND 2015   
  (Dollar Amounts in Thousands)      Overview
    The Company reported net income of $7,030 and $20,262 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively,
compared to $5,150 and $11,416 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. After the payment of preferred dividends on the shares of Senior Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the  Series A Preferred
Stock ) issued to the United States Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) pursuant to the Small Business Lending Fund ( SBLF ), the Company s net earnings available to common shareholders for the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016 was $7,030 and $20,239, respectively, compared to $5,125 and $11,341 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The primary reason for the increase in net earnings available to common shareholders for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was increased interest income on loans and investment securities compared with the same periods in 2015. The increase in loans was due to significant organic growth. The growth in the
securities portfolio is primarily attributable to the capital leverage programs implemented during the second quarter of 2016 to utilize proceeds received from the issuance of subordinated notes at the end of the March 2016.  
  Net Interest Income/Margin     Net interest
income consists of interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities and is the most significant component of our revenues. Net interest income for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016, totaled $20,675 and $59,885, respectively, compared to $16,736 and $42,220 for the same periods in 2015, an increase of $3,939 and $17,665, or 23.5% and 41.8%, between the respective periods. For the three and nine months
ended September 30, 2016, interest income increased $6,423 and $23,931, or 33.3% and 49.2%, respectively, due to growth in both the loan and investment securities portfolios. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, interest
expense increased $2,484 and $6,266, or 96.8% and 97.6%, respectively, as a result of increases in interest-bearing deposits, FHLB advances and subordinated notes.     
 Interest-earning assets averaged $2,576,294 and $1,846,372 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, an
increase of $729,922, or 39.5%. This increase was due to growth in both the loan portfolio and the securities portfolio over the past year. Average loans increased 55.1%, and investment securities increased 20.9%, when comparing the three months
ended September 30, 2016 with the same period in 2015. When comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the yield on average interest earning assets, adjusted for tax equivalent yield decreased 17 basis points to 4.12%
compared to 4.29% for the same period during 2015. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on loans was 4.96%, compared with 5.61% tax equivalent yield for same period in 2015. The decrease in yield on loans when
comparing these two periods is attributable to the Company s receiving a full payoff during the third quarter of 2015 on a purchase credit-impaired loan relationship, which resulted in an increase in loan interest income for $1,155 for the
three months ended September 30, 2015, of which $785 was a reallocation of unaccretable difference related to the portion of the relationship that had been charged off prior to the Company s purchase of the relationship. For the three months
ended September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on available for sale securities was 2.42%, and for the three months ended September 30, 2015, the yield on available for sale securities was 2.60%. For the three months ended
September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on held to maturity securities was 3.75%, and for the three months ended September 30, 2015, the yield on held to maturity securities was 3.37%. The primary driver for the collective increase in
yields on securities for the three-month period ended September 30, 2016 was the volume of tax-exempt municipal securities that have been purchased, which increased tax equivalent yields when comparing the three months ended September 30,
2016 with the same period in 2015.    Interest-bearing liabilities averaged $2,201,206 during the three months ended September 30,
2016, compared to $1,550,007 for the same period in 2015, an increase of $651,199, or 42.0%. Total average interest-bearing deposits grew $563,418, which included increases in average money market deposits of $103,244 and average time deposits of
$432,061 for the three-month period ended  
      30  

Table of Contents  

September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period during 2015. Rapid growth in the loan portfolio also resulted in increases in average Federal Home Loan Bank ( FHLB ) advances of
$29,783 and subordinated notes and other borrowings of $58,285, when comparing the three months ended September 30, 2016 with the same period in 2015. The growth in FHLB advances is discussed in more detail later in this document in the balance
sheet discussion items in the section titled,  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances.     For the three month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, the cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 25 basis points to 0.91% from 0.66%. The increase was primarily due to increases in the cost of funds for FHLB advances and from subordinated notes and
other borrowings.    Interest-earning assets averaged $2,427,824 and $1,575,748 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively, an increase of $852,076, or 54.1%. This increase was due to growth in both the loan portfolio and the securities portfolio over the past year. Average loans increased 64.5%, and investment securities increased 41.3%, when
comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same period in 2015. When comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the yield on average interest earning assets, adjusted for tax equivalent yield decreased
seven basis points to 4.13% compared to 4.20% for the same period during 2015. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on loans was 4.95%, compared with 5.46% tax equivalent yield for the same period in 2015. The
decrease in yield on loans when comparing these two periods is primarily attributable to the Company s receiving a full payoff during the third quarter of 2015 on a purchase credit-impaired loan relationship, which resulted in an increase in
loan interest income for $1,155 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, of which $785 was a reallocation of unaccretable difference related to the portion of the relationship that had been charged off prior to the Company s purchase of
the relationship. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on available for sale securities was 2.48%, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the yield on available for sale securities was 2.42%.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the tax equivalent yield on held to maturity securities was 3.92%, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the yield on held to maturity securities was 3.10%. The primary driver for
the increase in yields on securities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was the volume of tax-exempt municipal securities purchased during the past 12 months.  
 Interest-bearing liabilities averaged $2,044,661 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, compared to $1,311,229 for the same
period in 2015, an increase of $733,432, or 55.9%. Total average interest-bearing deposits grew $665,258, which included increases in money market deposits of $157,287 and average time deposits of $472,321 for the nine-month period ended
September 30, 2016, as compared to the same period during 2015. Rapid growth in the loan portfolio also resulted in increases in average FHLB advances of $32,522 and subordinated notes and other borrowings of $32,882, when comparing the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 with the same period in 2015.    For the nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the
cost of average interest-bearing liabilities increased 18 basis points to 0.83% from 0.65%. The increase was primarily due to increase in the cost of funds from FHLB advances and from subordinated notes.  
      31  

Table of Contents  

  The tables below summarize average balances, annualized yields and rates, cost of funds, and the
analysis of changes in interest income and interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:    Average
Balances Yields   Rates(7)    (Dollars are in thousands)  

(1) 
 Loan balances include both loans held in the Bank s portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale and are net of deferred origination fees and costs. Non-accrual loans are included in total loan balances.

(2) 
 Includes federal funds sold, capital stock in the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank, and interest-bearing deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank.    

(3) 
 Includes repurchase agreements.    

(4) 
 Represents the average rate earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5) 
 Represents net interest income (annualized) divided by total average earning assets.    

(6) 
 Interest income and rates include the effects of a tax-equivalent adjustment to adjust tax-exempt investment income on tax exempt investment securities and tax-exempt loans to a fully taxable basis.    

(7) 
 Averages balances are average daily balances. Yields and rates are annualized.    
      32  

Table of Contents  

(1) 
 Loan balances include both loans held in the Bank s portfolio and mortgage loans held for sale and are net of deferred origination fees and costs. Non-accrual loans are included in total loan balances.

(2) 
 Includes federal funds sold, capital stock in the Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank, and interest-bearing deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank.    

(3) 
 Includes repurchase agreements.    

(4) 
 Represents the average rate earned on interest-earning assets minus the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities.    

(5) 
 Represents net interest income (annualized) divided by total average earning assets.    

(6) 
 Interest income and rates include the effects of a tax-equivalent adjustment to adjust tax-exempt investment income on tax exempt investment securities and tax-exempt loans to a fully taxable basis.    

(7) 
 Averages balances are average daily balances. Yields and rates are annualized.      The tables
below detail the components of the changes in net interest income on a tax-equivalent basis for the periods indicated. For each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided with respect to
changes due to average volume and changes due to rates, with the changes in both volumes and rates allocated to these two categories based on the proportionate absolute changes in each category.  
      33  

Table of Contents  

  Analysis of Changes in Interest Income and Expenses  

Provision for Loan Losses   
 The provision for loan losses represents a charge to earnings necessary to establish an allowance for loan losses that, in management s
evaluation, should be adequate to provide coverage for probable losses incurred in the loan portfolio. The allowance is increased by the provision for loan losses and is decreased by charge-offs, net of recoveries on prior loan charge-offs.  
 The provision for loan losses was $1,392 and $1,724 for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $4,095 and
$3,154 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The provision for the three months ended September 30, 2016 was less than the provision for the same period in 2015 due to loan growth in third quarter 2015 being
greater than loan growth in third quarter 2016. The higher provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 is due primarily to the Company s loan growth during the nine months ended
September 30, 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. Nonperforming loans at September 30, 2016 totaled $1,597 compared to $3,286 at December 31, 2015, representing 0.1% and 0.3% of total loans, respectively.  
      34  

Table of Contents  

   Non-Interest Income   
 Non-interest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $4,876 and $12,587 compared to $3,798 and $9,864 for the
same periods in 2015. The following is a summary of the components of non-interest income (in thousands):      
     
   Service charges on deposit accounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $61, or 78.2%
from the same period in 2015 due to changes made to the Company s schedule of service charges and due to the reduction of the amount of service charges waived during 2016.  
 Other service charges and fees for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 increased $166 and $258, or 24.4% and 13.0%, from
the same periods in 2015 due to several variances. The larger variances for these comparative periods were as follows: (1) underwriting, processing and application fees related to mortgage lending activities increased $113 and $91;
(2) unused commitment fees increased $39 and $95; and (3) ATM surcharge fees increased $22 and $64.    Net gain on sale of loans
increased $479 and $1,286, or 19.4% and 23.1%, when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 to the same periods in 2015. The increase in both periods was due to favorable mark-to-market pricing on mortgage loan derivatives
and increased volume of mortgage loans during 2016.    Wealth management income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
increased $119 and $429, or 36.4% and 46.9%, in comparison with the same periods in 2015. The increase was attributed to the growth in the client base and the assets under management in the wealth management division, as well as some improvement in
the stock markets.    Gain on sale or call of investment securities increased $425 and $1,006, or 8,500.0% and 190.2%, when comparing the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods in 2015. The increase was primarily due to the gains on securities that were recognized in the second and third quarters of 2016, which were related to management selling a
number of smaller securities to consolidate the number of securities carried in the portfolio and to reposition the Company s investment portfolio into more tax-exempt municipal securities.  
 Other non-interest income decreased by $14 and $134, or 7.3% and 23.7%, when comparing three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
with the same periods 2015. The decrease for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is primarily attributed to the loss of $98 recorded on the sale of the Company s real estate in downtown Murfreesboro, Tennessee during first quarter
2016. That compares with a gain of $15 being recorded in first nine months of 2015 on the sale of three of the Company s branch locations in Rutherford County, Tennessee.  
      35  

Table of Contents  

   Non-Interest Expense   
 Non-interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 was $13,708 and $38,452, compared to $10,853 and $31,046 for
the same periods in 2015. The increases were the result of the following components listed in the table below (in thousands):      
     
   The increase in non-interest expense noted in the table above is related to the Company s overall growth.
The Company s biggest variances for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, in comparison with the same periods of 2015, were in salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, FDIC assessment expense, professional
fees and other non-interest expense.    Salaries and employee benefits increased $1,771 and $4,139, or 28.5% and 23.0%, when comparing the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods in 2015. The increases in both periods are primarily due to the Company s staffing growth, which went from 219 full-time equivalent employees as of September 30,
2015, to 261 as of September 30, 2016, as the Company has worked to enhance its management team to properly oversee the Company s growth and has added key commercial bankers and support staff to provide continued growth for the Company. In
addition to the increase in salaries, mortgage commissions increased $732 and $887 when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods of 2015 due to the volume of loans closed during the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016. Stock-based compensation expense also increased $156 and $581 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison with the same periods in 2015. Personnel-related insurance expense
increased $92 and $235 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 in comparison with the same periods in 2015 due to the Company s increased number of employees. The Company also experienced growth in incentive expenses related
to the Company s financial performance.    Occupancy and equipment expense increased $318 and $602, or 18.9% and 12.1%, when comparing
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods in 2015. The variance for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus the three months ended September 30, 2015 is attributable to increases in building
rent expense ($232), software maintenance ($22), building maintenance ($20), utilities ($16), equipment maintenance ($14) and other furniture, fixtures and equipment expense ($18), which were offset by a decrease in property insurance expense ($13).
The variance when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the nine months ended September 30, 2015 is attributable to increases in building rent expense ($430), software maintenance fees ($77), equipment maintenance ($43),
utilities ($29) and building maintenance ($27). During the first quarter of 2016, the Company opened two new leased facilities   a new branch location in Nolensville, Tennessee and an expansion of its headquarters in downtown Franklin,
Tennessee, the latter of which is leased from a related party of the Company. The Company also began leasing space for its loan production office in Nashville, Tennessee during first quarter 2016.  
      36  

Table of Contents  

  The Company s FDIC assessment expense increased $208 and $596, or 57.5% and 75.3%, when
comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods in 2015. The increases are due to the year-over-year asset growth of the Company assets, on which FDIC assessments are calculated, and due to the impact of the
change in the calculation methodology implemented by the FDIC effective July 1, 2016.    Professional fees increased $419 and $1,624,
or 81.2% and 117.5%, when comparing the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 with the same periods in 2015. The increase for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the same period in 2015 is due to increases in other
professional fees ($225), compliance fees ($165), accounting/audit fees ($58), and brokerage settlement expenses ($23). The increase, when comparing the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, is due to increases in other professional
fees ($675), merger-related expenses ($317), accounting/audit fees ($263), compliance fees ($160), brokerage settlement expenses ($89) legal fees ($72), and SEC filing expense ($47). The increases in other professional fees are related to the design
and implementation of subsidiaries (Franklin Synergy Risk Management, Inc., Franklin Synergy Investments of Tennessee, Inc., Franklin Synergy Investments of Nevada, Inc., and Franklin Synergy Preferred Capital, Inc.), a consulting engagement related
to the Company s core systems and related processes, and professional placement service fees for the hiring of key lending and management professionals.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, other non-interest expenses increased $232 and $911, or 14.1% and 20.5%, from the
same periods during 2015. The increase in other non-interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2016 versus September 30, 2015 is attributed to increases in the following expense types: insurance loss reserves ($139); and
electronic banking expenses ($96). The increase in other non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus September 30, 2015 is attributed to increases in various types of expenses, with the following expense types
having the largest increases: insurance expense ($204); electronic banking expenses ($180); insurance loss reserves ($139); loan-related expenses ($115); regulatory expenses ($91); franchise taxes ($68); and board-related expenses ($57).  
  Income Tax Expense     The Company
recognized income tax expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, of $3,421 and $9,663, respectively, compared to $2,807 and $6,468, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015. The
Company s year-to-date income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 reflects an effective income tax rate of 32.3% compared to 36.2% for the same period in 2015. The decrease in the effective tax rate resulted from the
Company s investments in tax-exempt municipal securities, from the establishment and funding of a real estate investment trust subsidiary of Franklin Synergy Bank in the first quarter of 2016, and from the establishment of a captive insurance
subsidiary at the end of 2015.     COMPARISON OF BALANCE SHEETS AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2016 AND DECEMBER 31, 2015   
  Overview     The Company s total assets
increased by $535,403, or 24.7%, from December 31, 2015 to September 30, 2016. The increase in total assets has primarily been the result of organic growth in the loan and investment securities portfolios.  
  Loans     Lending-related income is the most
important component of the Company s net interest income and is a major contributor to profitability. The loan portfolio is the largest component of earning assets, and therefore generates the largest portion of revenues. For purposes of the
discussion in this section, the term  loans  refers to loans, excluding loans held for sale, unless otherwise noted.    The
absolute volume of loans and the volume of loans as a percentage of earning assets is an important determinant of net interest margin as loans are expected to produce higher yields than securities and other earning assets. Total loans, net of
deferred fees, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 were $1,654,058 and $1,303,826, respectively, an increase of $350,232, or 26.9%. Growth in the loan portfolio is primarily due to increased market penetration and a healthy local
economy. The Company has also attracted a number of experienced commercial and mortgage lenders over the last year to increase penetration in its primary markets, Williamson County and Rutherford County.  
      37  

Table of Contents  

  The table below provides a summary of the loan portfolio composition for the periods noted.  
   
   As presented in the above table, gross loans increased 26.7% during the first nine months of 2016, due to
organic growth as a result of continued market penetration and the strength of the local economies. During this period, the Company experienced growth in real estate loans of 26.0% with growth occurring in the construction and land development
(27.2%), commercial real estate (18.1%) and residential real estate (35.0%) segments. The Company also experienced growth of 31.3% in the commercial and industrial segment during the first nine months of 2016.  
 Real estate loans comprised 77.2% of the loan portfolio at September 30, 2016. The largest portion of the real estate segment as of
September 30, 2016, was construction and land development loans, which totaled $474,336 at September 30, 2016, and comprised 37.2% of total real estate loans and 28.7% of the total loan portfolio. Loans in this classification provide
financing for the construction and development of residential properties and commercial income properties, multi-family residential development, and land designated for future development.  
 Commercial real estate loans totaled $430,824 at September 30, 2016, and comprised 33.7% of real estate loans and 26.0% of the total loan
portfolio. The commercial real estate loan classification primarily includes commercial-based mortgage loans that are secured by nonfarm, nonresidential real estate properties and multi-family residential properties.  
 The residential real estate classification primarily includes 1-4 family residential loans which are typically conventional first-lien home
mortgages, not including loans held-for-sale in the secondary market, and it also includes home equity lines of credit and other junior lien mortgage loans. Residential real estate loans totaled $371,543 and comprised 29.1% of real estate loans and
22.5% of total loans at September 30, 2016.    Commercial and industrial loans totaled $374,717 at September 30, 2016 and grew
31.2% during the first nine months of 2016. Loans in this classification comprised 22.6% of total loans at September 30, 2016. The commercial and industrial classification consists of commercial loans to small-to-medium sized businesses, shared
national credits, and healthcare loans.  
      38  

Table of Contents  

  The repayment of loans is a source of additional liquidity for the Company. The following table
sets forth the loans maturing within specific intervals at September 30, 2016, excluding unearned net fees and costs.    Loan Maturity
Schedule      
   The information presented in the above table is based upon the contractual maturities of the individual loans,
including loans which may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms upon their maturity. Consequently, management believes this treatment
presents fairly the maturity structure of the loan portfolio.     Allowance for Loan Losses   
 The Company maintains an allowance for loan losses that management believes is adequate to absorb the probable incurred losses inherent in the
Company s loan portfolio. The allowance is increased by provisions for loan losses charged to earnings and is decreased by loan charge-offs net of recoveries of prior period loan charge-offs. The level of the allowance is determined on a
quarterly basis, although management is engaged in monitoring the adequacy of the allowance on a more frequent basis. In estimating the allowance balance, the following factors are considered:  

past loan experience;        

the nature and volume of the portfolio;        

risks known about specific borrowers;        

underlying estimated values of collateral securing loans;        

current and anticipated economic conditions; and        

other factors which may affect the allowance for probable incurred losses.      The allowance for
loan losses consists of two primary components: (1) a specific component which relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired and (2) a general component which covers non-impaired loans and is based on historical loss
experience adjusted for current factors. The historical loss experience is determined by portfolio segment and is based on a combination of the Company s loss history and loss history from peer group data over the past three years. This actual
loss experience is supplemented with other economic factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment.    The following loan
portfolio segments have been identified: (1) Construction and land development loans, (2) Commercial real estate loans, (3) Residential real estate, (4) Commercial and industrial loans, and (5) Consumer and other loans.
Management evaluates the risks associated with these segments based upon specific characteristics associated with the loan segments. These risk characteristics include, but are not limited to, the value of the underlying collateral, adverse economic
conditions, and the borrower s cash flow. While the total allowance consists of a specific portion and a general portion, both portions of the allowance are available to provide for probable incurred loan losses in the entire portfolio.  
      39  

Table of Contents  

  In the table below, the components, as discussed above, of the allowance for loan losses are
shown at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      

Note 1: 
 Acquired loans that are not PCI loans. These are performing loans recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date. The fair value adjustment at the acquisition date was approximately $5,014 of the outstanding
non-PCI loan balances acquired. This amount is accreted into interest income over the remaining lives of the related loans on a level yield basis. Based on the analysis performed by management as of September 30, 2016, $32 in allowance for loan
loss was recorded at September 30, 2016 related to the loans acquired from MidSouth.      At September 30, 2016, the
allowance for loan losses was $15,590, compared to $11,587 at December 31, 2015. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans was 0.94% and 0.89% at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. Loan growth
during the first nine months of 2016 is the primary reason for the increase in the allowance amount.    The table below sets forth the activity in the
allowance for loan losses for the periods presented.      

(1) 
 Loan balances exclude loans held for sale    
      40  

Table of Contents  

  While no portion of the allowance is in any way restricted to any individual loan or group of
loans, and the entire allowance is available to absorb losses from any and all loans, the following table summarizes the allocation of allowance for loan losses by loan category and loans in each category as a percentage of total loans, for the
periods presented.      
    Nonperforming Assets   
 Non-performing loans consist of non-accrual loans and loans that are past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest. Non-performing
assets consist of non-performing loans plus OREO (i.e., real estate acquired through foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure). Loans are placed on non-accrual status when they are past due 90 days and management believes the borrower s
financial condition, after giving consideration to economic conditions and collection efforts, is such that collection of interest is doubtful. When a loan is placed on non-accrual status, interest accruals cease and uncollected interest is reversed
and charged against current income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis, or cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts
contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.    The primary component of non-performing loans is
non-accrual loans, which as of September 30, 2016 totaled $1,448. The other component of non-performing loans are loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest. Loans past due greater than 90 days are placed on non-accrual
status, unless they are both well-secured and in the process of collection. There were outstanding loans totaling $149 that were past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest at September 30, 2016.  
 The table below summarizes non-performing loans and assets for the periods presented.  

41  

Table of Contents  

  As of September 30, 2016, there were three loans on non-accrual status. The amount and
number are further delineated by collateral category and number of loans in the table below.      
    Investment Securities and Other Earning Assets   
 The investment securities portfolio is intended to provide the Company with adequate liquidity, flexible asset/liability management and a
source of stable income. The portfolio is intended to be structured with minimal credit exposure to the Company and consists of both securities classified as available-for-sale and securities classified as held-to-maturity. All available-for sale
securities are carried at fair value and may be used for liquidity purposes should management deem it to be in the Company s best interest to do so. Securities available-for-sale, consisting primarily of U.S. government sponsored enterprises
and mortgage-backed securities, were $670,756 at September 30, 2016, compared to $575,838 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $94,918 or 16.5%. The increase in available-for-sale securities was primarily attributed to the securities
purchased during the first nine months of 2016 as part of the Company s leveraging strategy to deploy capital from the issuance of subordinated notes at the end of the first and second quarters of 2016.  
 The held-to-maturity securities are carried at amortized cost. This portfolio, consisting of U.S. government sponsored enterprises,
mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities, totaled $235,050 at September 30, 2016, compared to $158,200 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $76,850, or 48.6%. The increase is attributable to securities that were purchased during
the second quarter of 2016 as part of the Company s leveraging strategy to deploy capital from the issuance of subordinated notes at the end of the first and second quarters of 2016.  
 The combined portfolios represented 33.5% and 33.9% of total assets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. At
September 30, 2016, the Company had no securities that were classified as having Other Than Temporary Impairment.    The Company also
had other investments of $11,829 and $7,998 at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, consisting of capital stock in the Federal Reserve and the Federal Home Loan Bank (required as members of the Federal Reserve Bank
System and the Federal Home Loan Bank System). The Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve investments are  restricted  in that they can only be sold back to the respective institutions or another member institution at par, and are
thus, not liquid, have no ready market or quoted market value, and are carried at cost.     Bank Premises and Equipment   
 Bank premises and equipment totaled $8,796 at September 30, 2016 compared to $7,640 at December 31, 2015, an increase of $1,156, or
15.1%. This increase was the result of adding leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment as needed in the normal course of business and related to the opening of the Nolensville branch in January 2016.  
  Assets Held for Sale     At
September 30, 2016, the balance in assets held for sale was zero, compared with the balance of $1,640 at December 31, 2015. The Company s College Street branch real estate in Murfreesboro, Tennessee was reclassified at
December 31, 2015 as held for sale, since the property had been identified to be sold, and the sale of the property was probable at that time. The sale of the property settled on March 29, 2016, and a loss of $98 was realized as a result
of the sale and was recorded in other noninterest income.     Deposits   
 Deposits represent the Company s largest source of funds. The Company competes with other bank and nonbank institutions for deposits, as
well as with a growing number of non-deposit investment alternatives available to depositors, such as mutual funds,  
      42  

Table of Contents  

money market funds, annuities, and other brokerage investment products. Challenges to deposit growth include price changes on deposit products given movements in the rate environment and other
competitive pricing pressures, and customer preferences regarding higher-costing deposit products or non-deposit investment alternatives.  
 At September 30, 2016, total deposits were $2,217,954, an increase of $403,915, or 22.3%, compared to $1,814,039 at December 31,
2015. The growth in deposits is attributable to growth in brokered deposits, time deposits, money market deposits, and noninterest-bearing deposits.  
 Brokered deposits are an integral part of the Company s funding strategy. Total brokered deposits decreased 1.5% from $478,257 at
December 31, 2015 to $471,187 at September 30, 2016, primarily due to the Company s strategy to reduce dependence on brokered deposits by allowing matured brokered certificates of deposit to be redeemed rather than renewing them or
replacing them with other brokered deposits    Public funds deposits in the form of county deposits are a part of the Company s funding
strategy and are usually cyclical in nature, with the highest period of growth being during the first quarter of each calendar year. County deposits increased $26,410, or 8.1%, from $327,766 at December 31, 2015 to $354,176 at
September 30, 2016. This growth was attributed to the addition of more county entities during 2016, which brought additional deposits into the Company during 2016.  
 Time deposits excluding brokered deposits as of September 30, 2016, amounted to $720,417, compared to $470,284 as of December 31,
2015, an increase of $250,133, or 53.2%. Of the increase in time deposits, 64.0% is attributed to the Company s addition of Local Government Investment Pool (LGIP) deposits during 2016, which have become a component of the Company s
funding strategy. As of September 30, 2016, the Company s LGIP deposits amounted to $280,000, compared with $120,000 of those deposits at December 31, 2015.  
 Other non-maturity deposits also increased during the first nine months of 2016. Noninterest-bearing checking deposits grew $55,375, or 31.3%;
money market accounts increased $65,407, or 31.4%; savings deposits increased $7,519, or 17.2%; and interest-bearing checking accounts increased $6,141, or 5.6%, when comparing September 30, 2016 with December 31, 2015.  
 The following table shows time deposits in denominations of $100 or more by category based on time remaining until maturity.  
 Maturity of non-brokered time deposits of $100 or more      
    Federal Funds Purchased and Repurchase Agreements   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company had $8,500 in federal funds purchased from correspondent banks compared to $39,825 outstanding as of
December 31, 2015. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase had an outstanding balance of $37,343 as of September 30, 2016, compared to $61,261 as of December 31, 2015. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are
financing arrangements that mature daily or within a short period of time. At maturity, the securities underlying the agreements are returned to the Company.  
  Federal Home Loan Bank Advances     The
Company has established a line of credit with the Federal Home Bank of Cincinnati which is secured by a blanket pledge of 1-4 family residential mortgages and home equity lines of credit. At September 30, 2016 and at December 31, 2015,
advances totaled $162,000 and $57,000, respectively. The Company strategically added $110,000 in FHLB advances in the third quarter of 2016, replacing brokered deposits that were maturing in the third quarter.  
      43  

Table of Contents  

  At September 30, 2016, the scheduled maturities and weighted average interest rates of these
advances were as follows:      
    Subordinated Notes   
 On March 31, 2016, the Company issued $40,000 in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated Notes due 2026 (the
 March 2016 Notes ) in a public offering to accredited institutional investors. The March 2016 Notes will mature on March 30, 2026 unless redeemed prior to that date. The Company may redeem the March 2016 Notes in whole or in part on
or after March 30, 2021, and in whole, but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a  Regulatory Capital Treatment Event , as defined in the Supplemental Indenture governing the March 2016 Notes. The redemption price for any
redemption will be 100% of the principal amount of the March 2016 Notes, plus unpaid interest, if any, accrued to but excluding the date of redemption. Any early redemption of the March 2016 Notes will be subject to the receipt of the approval of
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Federal Reserve ) to the extent then required under applicable laws or regulations, including capital regulations. There is no sinking fund for the March 2016 Notes.  
 The March 2016 Notes initially bear interest at 6.875% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 30 and September 30
of each year, beginning on September 30, 2016, and going through March 29, 2021. Thereafter, the March 2016 Notes will bear interest at an annual floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR as determined for the applicable quarterly period,
plus a spread of 5.636%, with interest payable quarterly in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year, beginning on June 30, 2021.  
 The sale of the March 2016 Notes initially yielded net proceeds of approximately $38,843 after deducting the placement agents  fees and
estimated expenses payable by the Company. The Company used the net proceeds from the offering to pay off a $10 million borrowing, which had been used to redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued to Treasury in connection with the
Company s participation in the SBLF, and to fund future growth of the Bank.    The issuance costs related to the March 2016 Notes
amounted to $1,382 and are being amortized as interest expense over the ten-year term of the March 2016 Notes.    On June 30, 2016, the
Company issued $20,000 in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated Notes due 2026 (the  June 2016 Notes ) in a private offering to certain institutional accredited investors. The June 2016 Notes have a stated
maturity of July 1, 2026, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 7.00% per year, from and including June 30, 2016 through June 30, 2021, computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, payable
semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year beginning on January 1, 2017. Beginning July 1, 2021 through the maturity date or an early redemption date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate
per year equal to the then current three-month LIBOR rate plus 6.04%, computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed, payable quarterly in arrears. The June 2016 Notes are redeemable, in whole or in part, on or after
July 1, 2021 and at any time upon the occurrence of certain events set forth in the June 2016 Notes.    The June 2016 Notes were
offered and sold by the Company to eligible purchasers in a private offering in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and the
provisions of Rule 506 of Regulation D thereunder.    The June 2016 Notes are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities
or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Prior to July 1, 2021, the Company may redeem the June 2016 Notes, in whole at any time, or in part from time to time, only under
certain limited circumstances set forth in the June 2016 Notes. On or after July 1, 2021, the Company may redeem the June 2016 Notes at its option, in whole at any time, or in part on any interest payment date. Any redemption by the Company
would be at a redemption price equal to 100% of the outstanding principal amount of the June 2016 Notes being redeemed, together with any accrued and unpaid interest on the June 2016 Notes being redeemed up to the date of redemption.  
 Principal and interest on the June 2016 Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The June 2016 Notes are unsecured,
subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right to payment to the Company s current and future senior indebtedness and equal with the Company s previously issued and outstanding March 2016 Notes, initially issued in the
aggregate principal amount of $40,000 pursuant to that certain Indenture and that certain Supplemental Indenture, each by and between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee, and each dated March 31, 2016.  
      44  

Table of Contents  

  The sale of the June 2016 Notes initially yielded net proceeds of approximately $19,660 after
deducting the estimated expenses payable by the Company. The net proceeds from the offering of the June 2016 Notes were used to inject capital into the Bank to fund future growth.  
 The issuance costs related to the June 2016 Notes amounted to $404 and are being amortized as interest expense over the ten-year term of the
June 2016 Notes.    For regulatory capital purposes, the March 2016 Notes and the June 2016 Notes are treated as Tier 2 capital, subject to
certain limitations and are included in total regulatory capital when calculating the Company s total capital to risk weighted assets ratio as indicated in Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements.  
  Liquidity     Liquidity is defined as the
ability of the Bank to meet anticipated customer demands for funds under credit commitments and deposit withdrawals at a reasonable cost and on a timely basis and the ability of the Company to fund the servicing of its subordinated notes.  
 Liquidity risk involves the risk of being unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liabilities, as well as the risk
of not being able to meet unexpected cash needs. Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations cost-effectively and to meet current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments, lease
obligations, and unexpected deposit outflows. In this process, management focuses on both assets and liabilities and on the manner in which they combine to provide adequate liquidity to meet the Company s needs. The Company s source of
funds to pay interest on the previously discussed subordinated notes is generally in the form of a dividend from the Bank to the Company, or those payments may be serviced from cash balances held by the Company. Under the terms of the informal
agreement with the Reserve Bank, described in  Other Events  in Management s Discussion and Analysis and in  ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  under  PART II OTHER INFORMATION,  the Bank is required to receive prior written
approval from its regulatory agencies to pay dividends to the Company.    Funds are available from a number of basic banking activity
sources including the core deposit base, the repayment and maturity of loans, payments of principal and interest as well as sales of investments classified as available-for-sale, and sales of brokered deposits. As of September 30, 2016,
$670,756 of the investment securities portfolio was classified as available-for-sale and is reported at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. Another $235,050 of the portfolio was classified as held-to-maturity and is reported at amortized
cost. Approximately $742,828 of the total $905,806 investment securities portfolio on hand at September 30, 2016, was pledged to secure public deposits and repurchase agreements. Other funding sources available include repurchase agreements,
federal funds purchased, and borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Bank.     Shareholders  Equity   
 As of September 30, 2016, the Company s shareholders  equity was $209,644, as compared with $188,816 as of December 31,
2015. The increase in shareholders  equity was due to the Company s earnings of $20,262 in the first nine months of 2016, the increase in accumulated other comprehensive income of $7,521, exercises of the Company s warrants and stock
options of $1,436, and $1,817 related to the Company s share-based compensation. These were offset by a $10,000 reduction in preferred stock due to the Company s redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock related to the SBLF on
March 25, 2016 and due to net divestments of $185 in conjunction with the Company s 401(k) employer match.     Effects of Inflation and Changing
Prices     The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering the change in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. Unlike most industrial
companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates generally have a more significant impact on the performance of a financial institution than the effects of general
levels of inflation. Although interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services, increases in inflation generally have resulted in increased interest rates. In addition, inflation
affects financial institutions  increased cost of goods and services purchased, the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense, and similar items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the market value of
investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity, earnings, and shareholders  equity. Commercial and other loan originations and refinancings tend to slow as interest rates increase, and can reduce the Company s earnings from
such activities.  
      45  

Table of Contents  

   Off Balance Sheet Arrangements   
 The Company generally does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements other than approved and unfunded loans and lines and letters of credit
to customers in the ordinary course of business. At September 30, 2016, the Company had unfunded loan commitments outstanding of $67,489, unused lines of credit of $448,542, and outstanding standby letters of credit of $23,995.  
  GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures   
 Some of the financial data included in our selected historical consolidated financial information are not measures of financial performance
recognized by GAAP. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of our performance:      

Common shareholders  equity  is defined as total shareholders  equity at end of period less the liquidation preference value of the preferred stock;    

Tangible common shareholders  equity  is common shareholders  equity less goodwill and other intangible assets;    

Total tangible assets  is defined as total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets;        

Other intangible assets  is defined as the sum of core deposit intangible and SBA servicing rights;        

Tangible book value per share  is defined as tangible common shareholders  equity divided by total common shares outstanding. This measure is important to investors interested in changes from
period-to-period in book value per share exclusive of changes in intangible assets;        

Tangible common shareholders  equity ratio  is defined as the ratio of tangible common shareholders  equity divided by total tangible assets. We believe that this measure is important to many
investors in the marketplace who are interested in relative changes from period-to period in common equity and total assets, each exclusive of changes in intangible assets;    

Return on Average Tangible Common Equity  is defined as net income available to common shareholders divided by average tangible common shareholders  equity;    

Efficiency ratio  is defined as noninterest expenses divided by our operating revenue, which is equal to net interest income plus noninterest income;    

Adjusted yield on loans  is our yield on loans after excluding loan accretion from our acquired loan portfolio. Our management uses this metric to better assess the impact of purchase accounting on our yield
on loans, as the effect of loan discount accretion is expected to decrease as the acquired loans mature or roll off of our balance sheet;        

Net interest margin  is defined as annualized net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets for the period;    

Adjusted net interest margin  is net interest margin after excluding loan accretion from the acquired loan portfolio and premiums for acquired time deposits. Our management uses this metric to better assess
the impact of purchase accounting on net interest margin, as the effect of loan discount accretion and accretion of net discounts and premiums related to deposits is expected to decrease as the acquired loans and deposits mature or roll off of our
balance sheet.      We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to management and investors that is
supplementary to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows computed in accordance with GAAP; however, we acknowledge that our non-GAAP financial measures have a number of limitations. As such, you should not view these
disclosures as a substitute for results determined in accordance with GAAP, and they are not necessarily comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that other companies use.  
      46  

Table of Contents  

  The following reconciliation table provides a more detailed analysis of these non-GAAP financial measures:  

(1)   
 This item does not include tax-equivalent adjustments.    
      47  

Table of Contents  

(1)   
 This item does not include tax-equivalent adjustments.    
      48  

Table of Contents  

   FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.   
  SUMMARY QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)   
   (Amounts in thousands, except per share data and percentages)    

(1)   
 Net interest margins shown in the table above do not include tax-equivalent adjustments.    

(2)   
 Total loans in this ratio exclude loans held for sale.    
      49  

Table of Contents  

   Emerging Growth Company Status   
 The Company is an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS
Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, even if the Company complies with the greater obligations of public companies that are not emerging growth companies, the
Company may avail itself of the reduced requirements applicable to emerging growth companies from time to time in the future, so long as the Company is an emerging growth company. The Company will continue to be an emerging growth company until the
earliest to occur of: (1) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the effectiveness of our Registration Statement on Form S-4, which was declared effective by the SEC on May 14, 2014; (2) the last day of the
fiscal year in which we have more than $1.0 billion in annual revenues; (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a  large accelerated filer  under the Exchange Act; or (4) the date on which we have, during the previous
three-year period, issued publicly or privately, more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities. Management cannot predict if investors will find the Company s common stock less attractive because it will rely on these exemptions. If
some investors find the Company s common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for its common stock and the Company s stock price may be more volatile.  
 Further, the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until
private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The
Company has elected to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, it adopts the new or revised standard at the time public
companies adopt the new or revised standard. This election is irrevocable.     Other Events   
 On November 3, 2016, the Bank entered into an informal agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta ( Reserve Bank ) and the
Tennessee Department of Financial Institutions ( TDFI ) in the form of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ). Under the terms of the MOU, the Bank agreed, among other things, to (1) enhance and periodically update its Commercial
Real Estate ( CRE ) concentration risk management policy; (2) augment credit risk management practices; and (3) enhance capital and liquidity plans. The Bank has also agreed that it will seek prior written approval of the Reserve Bank and
the TDFI to pay dividends to the Company, which dividends are used primarily for the purpose of servicing the Company s subordinated debt.  
 The Company also expects to execute an agreement with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the  Agreement ) under
section 4(m)(2) of the Bank Holding Company Act, which will include specific actions designed to address the Bank s risk profile and to strengthen the underlying condition of the Bank. Until the Bank and Company satisfy the requirements of the
MOU and the Agreement, any plans for business combinations or location expansion will be limited and subject to prior written approval from the appropriate regulatory body.  
 Management believes the effect of these regulatory actions will not have a material impact on the Bank s ability to continue to serve its
customers and communities. In addition, the company s ongoing investment in its people and technology has and will continue to support solid growth, asset quality measures, and safety and soundness standards.  
    ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   
 The Company s primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the
level of income and expense recorded on a large portion of the Company s assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which possess a short term to maturity.
Based upon the nature of the Company s operations, the Company is not subject to foreign currency exchange or commodity price risk.  
 Management seeks to maintain profitability in both immediate and long-term earnings through funds management/interest rate risk management.
Interest rate risk (sensitivity) management deals with the potential impact on earnings associated with changing interest rates using various rate change (shock) scenarios. The Company s rate sensitivity position has an important impact on
earnings. Senior management monitors the Company s rate sensitivity position throughout each month, and then the Asset Liability Committee ( ALCO ) of the Bank meets on a quarterly basis to analyze the rate sensitivity position and
other aspects of asset/liability management. These meetings cover the spread between the cost of funds (primarily time deposits) and interest yields generated primarily through loans and investments, rate shock analyses, liquidity and dependency
positions, and other areas necessary for proper balance sheet management.    Management believes interest rate risk is best measured by
earnings simulation modeling. The simulation is run using the prime rate as the base with the assumption of rates increasing 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points or decreasing 100 and 200 basis points. All rates are increased or decreased parallel to
the change in prime rate. As a result of the simulation, over a 12-month time period ended September 30, 2016, net interest income was estimated to decrease 1.14% and 4.20% if rates were to increase 100 basis points and 200 basis points,
respectively, and was estimated to decrease 5.71% and 16.91% in a 100 basis points and 200 basis points declining rate assumption, respectively. These results are in line with the Company s guidelines for rate sensitivity.  
      50  

Table of Contents  

  The following chart reflects the Company s sensitivity to changes in interest rates as
indicated as of September 30, 2016.      
   The preceding sensitivity analysis is a modeling analysis, which changes periodically and consists of
hypothetical estimates based upon numerous assumptions including interest rate levels, changes in the shape of the yield curve, prepayments on loans and securities, rates on loans and deposits, reinvestments of pay downs and maturities of loans,
investments and deposits, changes in spreads between key market rates, and other assumptions. In addition, there is no input for growth or a change in asset mix. While assumptions are developed based on the current economic and market conditions,
the Company cannot make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions, including how customer preferences or competitor influences might change. As market conditions vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis, actual
results will differ. Also, these results do not include any management action that might be taken in responding to or anticipating changes in interest rates. The simulation results are one indicator of interest rate risk, and actual net interest
income is largely impacted by the allocation of assets, liabilities, and product mix.       ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.
    (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s  disclosure controls and procedures  (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2016, the end of the fiscal quarter covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.  
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls. There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter covered by
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  
    PART II OTHER INFORMATION   
    ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.   
 Management is not aware of any material pending legal proceedings against the Company which, if determined adversely, the Company believes would have a
material adverse impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.       ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS     There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016,
as supplemented by the risk factors disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016, other than the additional disclosure of the risk factors listed below.  
   We are Required to Comply with the Terms of a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) that the Bank has Entered into with the Reserve Bank and the
TDFI, and Lack of Compliance Could Result in Additional Regulatory Actions.      On November 3, 2016, the Bank entered into an MOU with the Reserve
Bank and the TDFI. Under the terms of the MOU, the Bank agreed, among other things, to enhance its policies, practices and processes to reflect the Bank s increasingly complex business model and risk profile. The Bank has also agreed that it
will seek prior written approval of the Reserve Bank and the TDFI to pay dividends to the Company, which dividends are used primarily for the purpose of servicing the Company s subordinated debt.  
 The MOU will remain in effect until stayed, modified, terminated or suspended by the Reserve Bank and the TDFI. Management has been actively implementing
plans and processes to comply with the requirements of the MOU. The Reserve Bank and the TDFI may determine in their sole discretion that the matters covered by the MOU have not been addressed satisfactorily, which could result in limitations on our
business, including restricting growth and requiring increased capital, and negatively affect our ability to implement our business plan or the value of our common stock, as well as our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.  
   The Rights of Our Common Shareholders Are Subordinate to the Rights of the Holders of Our Debt Securities and May Be Subordinate to the Holders of Any
Class of Preferred Stock That We May Issue in the Future      On March 31, 2016, we completed the public offering of $40,000,000 aggregate
principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated Notes due 2026 (the  March 2016 Notes ). The net proceeds from the offering of the March 2016 Notes was used, in part, to pay down a line of credit, which we used on March 25,
2016 to redeem 10,000 outstanding shares of our Series A Preferred Stock issued to the Treasury pursuant to our participation in the Small Business Lending Fund program.  
 On June 30, 2016, we completed the private offering of $20,000,000 aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated Notes due 2026 (the
 June 2016 Notes ). The net proceeds from the offering of the June 2016 Notes were used to inject capital into Franklin Synergy Bank, the Company s primary subsidiary, to fund growth and for other corporate purposes.  
      51  

Table of Contents  

  Upon our voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of affairs, holders of shares of our
common stock will not receive a distribution, if any, until after the payment in full of our debts and other liabilities, and the payment of any accrued but unpaid dividends and any liquidation preference on outstanding shares of preferred stock.
Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue in the aggregate up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the terms of each issue of preferred stock without shareholder approval. Accordingly, you should assume that any shares of
preferred stock that we may issue in the future will be senior to our common stock and could have a preference on liquidating distributions or a preference on dividends that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our common
stock. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities or incur other borrowings in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital-raising efforts
is uncertain. Thus, common shareholders bear the risk that our future issuances of debt or equity securities or our incurrence of other borrowings will negatively affect the market price of our common stock.  
   The Amount of Interest Payable on the March 2016 Notes Will Vary Beginning on March 30, 2021    
 The interest rate on the March 2016 Notes will vary beginning on March 30, 2021. From and including the date of issuance of the March 2016 Notes, to but
excluding March 30, 2021, the March 2016 Notes will bear interest at an initial rate of 6.875% per annum. From and including March 30, 2021 and thereafter, the March 2016 Notes will bear interest at a floating rate equal to
three-month LIBOR as calculated on each applicable date of determination, plus a spread of 5.636%. If interest rates rise, the cost of the March 2016 Notes may increase, thereby negatively affecting our net income.  
   The Amount of Interest Payable on the June 2016 Notes Will Vary Beginning on July 1, 2021    
 The interest rate on the June 2016 Notes will vary beginning on July 1, 2021. From and including the date of issuance of the June 2016 Notes, to and
including June 30, 2021, the June 2016 Notes will bear interest at an initial rate of 7.00% per annum. From and including July 1, 2021 and thereafter, the June 2016 Notes will bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month
LIBOR as calculated on each applicable date of determination, plus a spread of 6.04%. If interest rates rise, the cost of the June 2016 Notes may increase, thereby negatively affecting our net income.  
    ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   
 Shares of the Company s common stock were issued during the third quarter of 2016 pursuant to the exercise of warrants and options issued by the Company,
as follows:      
 
      52  

Table of Contents  

Neither the exercises of the warrants and options nor their original issuances involved any underwriters, underwriting
discounts or commissions, or any public offering, and the Company believes that such transactions were exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act (or Rule 506 of
Regulation D promulgated thereunder) as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering.       ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.     None.      
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.     Not applicable.  
    ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION.   
 None.  
      53  

Table of Contents  

     ITEM 6. EXHIBITS   

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
  Description   

10.1 
    
 Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor, by and between Franklin Synergy Bank and Century Skanska (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13,
2016)  

31.1* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification).  

31.2* 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification).  

32* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 Certification).  

101* 
    
 Interactive Data Files.  

* 
 Filed herewith    
      54  

Table of Contents  

     SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.      

FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK, INC.  

November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Sarah Meyerrose  

Sarah Meyerrose  

On behalf of the registrant and as Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer)   

Table of Contents  

   EXHIBIT INDEX       

Exhibit  
  No.   
    
  Description   

10.1 
    
 Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Contractor, by and between Franklin Synergy Bank and Century Skanska (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13,
2016)  

31.1* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification).  

31.2* 
    
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) (Section 302 Certification).  

32* 
    
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 Certification).  

101* 
    
 Interactive Data Files.  

* 
 Filed herewith    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d267679dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Richard E. Herrington,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Franklin Financial Network, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Richard E. Herrington  

Richard E. Herrington  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 d267679dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2   
  CERTIFICATION     I, Sarah Meyerrose,
certify that:      

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Franklin Financial Network, Inc.;        

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;        

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;        

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:        

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;        

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;        

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;        

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and    

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):        

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information; and        

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 9, 2016 

By: 
   
 /s/ Sarah Meyerrose  

Sarah Meyerrose  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 d267679dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

Exhibit 32   
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER   
  THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AND   
  SECTION 1350 OF CHAPTER 63 OF TITLE 18 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE   
 Each of the undersigned, Richard E. Herrington, the Chief Executive Officer of Franklin Financial Network, Inc. (the  Company ), and Sarah
Meyerrose, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, that
(1) this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and (2) the information contained in this report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    This Certification is signed on November 9,
2016.       

By: 
   
 /s/ Richard E. Herrington  

Richard E. Herrington  

Chief Executive Officer  

By: 
   
 /s/ Sarah Meyerrose  

Sarah Meyerrose  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 fsb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fsb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fsb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fsb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fsb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fsb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

