<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161014_10-K-A_edgar_data_1580883_0001078782-16-003638_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1956797</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99877</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>331341</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>370938</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>659416</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>429004</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>12</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001078782-16-003638.hdr.sgml : 20161014
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161014135144
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001078782-16-003638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161014
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161014

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SweeGen, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001580883
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-RADIO TV & CONSUMER ELECTRONICS STORES [5731]
		IRS NUMBER:				800910515
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-190547
		FILM NUMBER:		161936703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 DEANGELO DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-271-1588

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15 DEANGELO DRIVE
		CITY:			BEDFORD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACEWAY CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001078782-16-003638.txt : 20161014

10-K/A
 1
 f10ka063016_10kz.htm
 FORM 10-K/A AMENDED ANNUAL REPORT

Form 10-K Annual Report 

UNITED STATES  
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
   
  FORM 10-K/A  
  (Amendment No. 1)  
   
    X   .   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
 For the fiscal year ended   June 30, 2016   
   
  OR  
   
          .   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  
 For the transition period from to 
   
 Commission File Number:  333-190547  
   
  SweeGen, Inc.  
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Indicate by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.           . Yes      X   . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.           . Yes      X   . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     X   . Yes            . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     X   . Yes            . No 
   
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     X   .  
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated file, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer         .  
   Accelerated filer         .  
  
   Non-accelerated filer         .  (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
   Smaller reporting company   X   .  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).           . Yes x      X   . No 
   
 The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on December 31, 2015, was $0 based on a $0 average bid and ask price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. (There was no bid or ask price of our common shares during this year).  
   
 As of October 12, 2016, there were 25,336,234 shares of the issuer's $0.001 par value common stock outstanding.  

EXPLANATORY NOTE   
   
 This Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K /A ( Amendment No. 1 ) is an amendment to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 13, 2016 (the Original Filing Date ), solely to update the exhibits under Item 15(b) of the Form 10-K and to furnish Exhibit 101 to the Form 10-K. The entire 10-K is included in this filing for ease and convenience to the reader.  Exhibit 101 consists of the following materials from the Company s Form 10-K, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), and have been added to PART IV  ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES:  
   
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document** 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document** 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document** 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document** 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document** 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document** 
   
 ** 
 Filed herewith by amendment 
   
 This Amendment speaks as of the Original Filing Date, does not reflect events that may have occurred subsequent to the Original Filing Date, and does not modify or update in any way disclosures made in the Form 10-K other than to change the Net operating loss carryover and the Valuation allowance as of June 30, 2016 from $593,113 to $616,303 in the Net deferred tax asset table in Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I 

Page 
  
   Item 1. 
   Business 
       
   Item 1A. 
   Risk Factors 
   4 
  
   Item 1B. 
   Unresolved Staff Comments 
   5 
  
   Item 2. 
   Properties 
   5 
  
   Item 3. 
   Legal Proceedings 
   5 
  
   Item 4. 
   Mine Safety Disclosures 
   5 

PART II 

Item 5. 
   Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
   5 
  
   Item 6. 
   Selected Financial Data 
   6 
  
   Item 7. 
   Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
   6 
  
   Item 7A. 
   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
   9 
  
   Item 8. 
   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
   9 
  
   Item 9. 
   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
   10 
  
   Item 9A. 
   Controls and Procedures 
   10 
  
   Item 9B. 
   Other Information 
   11 

PART III 

Item 10. 
   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
   12 
  
   Item 11. 
   Executive Compensation 
   14 
  
   Item 12. 
   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
   15 
  
   Item 13. 
   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
   15 
  
   Item 14. 
   Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
   16 

PART IV 
       
   Item 15. 
   Exhibits 
   17 

3 

PART I  
   
   Forward-Looking Information   
   
  This Annual Report of SweeGen, Inc. on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, particularly those identified with the words,  anticipates,   believes,   expects,   plans,   intends,   objectives,  and similar expressions. These statements reflect management's best judgment based on factors known at the time of such statements. The reader may find discussions containing such forward-looking statements in the material set forth under  Management's Discussion and Analysis and Plan of Operations,  generally, and specifically therein under the captions  Liquidity and Capital Resources  as well as elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual events or results may differ materially from those discussed herein. The forward-looking statements specified in the following information have been compiled by our management on the basis of assumptions made by management and considered by management to be reasonable. Our future operating results, however, are impossible to predict and no representation, guaranty, or warranty is to be inferred from those forward-looking statements. The assumptions used for purposes of the forward-looking statements specified in the following information represent estimates of future events and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic, legislative, industry, and other circumstances. As a result, the identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur, the outcome may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results, and, accordingly, no opinion is expressed on the achievability of those forward-looking statements. No assurance can be given that any of the assumptions relating to the forward-looking statements specified in the following information are accurate, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements.  
     
    ITEM 1. BUSINESS  
   
 Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms  SWEE ,  Registrant,   we,   us,   our,  and  the Company  refer to SweeGen, Inc., a Nevada corporation that was formerly known as Aceway Corp. prior to its name change in December 2014.  
   
  Introduction  
   
 SweeGen, Inc.,  formerly Aceway Corp.  (the  Company ), is a Nevada corporation incorporated on April 1, 2013. On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Phytosub, Inc. ( Phytosub ), and the shareholder of Phytosub (the  Phytosub Shareholder ), pursuant to which the Phytosub Shareholder transferred all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Phytosub to the Company in exchange for 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction closed on December 23, 2014. As a result, Phytosub, a Nevada corporation formed on December 5, 2014, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Phytosub Shareholder acquired a controlling interest in the Company (the  Share Exchange ). For accounting purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an acquisition of Aceway Corp. and a recapitalization of PhytoSub. PhytoSub is the accounting acquirer and the results of its operations carryover. Accordingly, the operations of Aceway Corp. are not carried over and have been adjusted to $0. 
   
 On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Armando Espinoza, a former officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company sold and transferred all assets of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange to Mr. Espinoza. The transaction closed on December 23, 2014. In consideration for the transfer of such assets, Mr. Espinoza (i) surrendered for cancellation 25,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock owned by him; and (ii) assumed any and all liabilities of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange and agreed to assume any and all liabilities of the Company later asserted against the Company that related to the Company s operations prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange. Due to the cancellation of Mr. Espinoza s 25,000,000 shares and the issuance of 25,000,000 shares to Phytosub pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock was 35,000,020 after giving effect to the transactions described above. 
   
 On December 23, 2014, twenty-nine (29) Aceway Corp. shareholders delivered certificates and signed stock powers agreeing to cancel 9,663,786 shares of their common stock at any time that the company wanted to cancel such shares. In February 2016, the Company cancelled the 9,663,786 shares. The Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock became 25,336,234 after giving effect to the cancellation. 
   
 The Company intends to leverage the experience of our new corporate and scientific management team, which has extensive experience in managing and developing large and small private and public companies; pathway engineering; microbial platform development; and developing and manufacturing food ingredients, biological products, dietary supplements and botanical extracts. The Company intends to create value for its shareholders by seeking, developing and acquiring, completely or a substantial interest in, companies or assets that would benefit from or that can be developed using the knowledge and expertise of the Company s management team. The Company will utilize various vehicles, as each situation dictates, to reach its goals, including but not limited to merger, acquisition, financial investment or a combination of these methods. The Company conducted and finished certain product research and development from January 2016 completed in June 2016 through a company owned by the Majority Shareholder.  

4 

Employees   
   
 We have no paid employees. Steven Chen (herein referred to as the  Majority Shareholder ), our majority shareholder and a director, provides services at no charge as our president, chief executive officer and chief financial officer. We hire consultants to aid us with legal, accounting and reporting matters. 
     
    ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company,  we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
    ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.  
   
 None. 
     
    ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.   
     
 We do not own interests in any real property. The Majority Shareholder has provided us with 200 square feet of furnished office space, which is our principal executive office. This location currently serves as our primary office for planning and implementing our business plan. This space is currently sufficient for our purposes, and we expect it to be sufficient for the foreseeable future. It is provided to us free of charge from the Majority Shareholder. 
   
    ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS  
     
 We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding nor are we aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us. 
   
  ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.  
   
 Not applicable.    
   
  PART II  
     
    ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.  
   
  Market Information  
   
 Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, under the symbol  SWEE . Our stock was approved for quotation on the OTCBB on June 5, 2014. However, as of the date of filing this Annual Report, our stock had not traded. 
   
 As of October 12, 2016 there were 31 stockholders of record and an aggregate of 25,336,234 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. Of the 25,336,234 shares of common stock outstanding, 25,000,000 were held by the Majority Shareholder and may only be resold in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1934 and, since we were once considered a shell company, any restricted stock will not be eligible for resale under Rule 144 until the conditions of Rule 144(i) are met. The Company currently has two warrants outstanding that each provide the holder with the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, or a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for $0.001 per share. If the warrants are exercised, the Company would issue the holder 167,220 shares of common stock. 
   
  Penny Stock Regulations  
   
 The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define  penny stock  to be an equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. Our common stock falls within the definition of penny stock and subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000, or annual incomes exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouse). 

5 

For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser's prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer's presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the  penny stock  rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of investors to sell their common stock in the secondary market.    
   
  Dividend Policy  
   
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Rather, we expect to retain future earnings (if any) to fund the operation and expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any payments of cash dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, legal and contractual restrictions, and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 
   
  Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans.   
   
 None 
   
  Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities   
   
 There were no sales of unregistered securities during the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016 other than those transactions previously reported to the SEC on the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
   
  Re-Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers  
   
 None.   
   
  ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company,  we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
      ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION  
   
    You should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K, particularly in  Forward-Looking Information .  
   
  Historical Overview  
   
 SweeGen, Inc., formerly Aceway Corp., is a Nevada corporation incorporated on April 1, 2013. Aceway Corp. s name changed to SweeGen, Inc. effective January 9, 2015 in connection with the adoption of an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. 
   
 The Company intends to leverage the experience of our new corporate and scientific management team, which has extensive experience in managing and developing large and small private and public companies; pathway engineering; microbial platform development; and developing and manufacturing food ingredients, biological products, dietary supplements and botanical extracts. The Company intends to create value for its shareholders by seeking, developing and acquiring, completely or a substantial interest in, companies or assets that would benefit from or that can be developed using the knowledge and expertise of the Company s management team. The Company will utilize various vehicles, as each situation dictates, to reach its goals, including but not limited to merger, acquisition, financial investment or a combination of these methods. The Company conducted and finished certain product research and development from January 2016 completed in June 2016 through a company owned by the Majority Shareholder.  

6 

On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Phytosub, Inc. ( Phytosub ), and the shareholder of Phytosub (the  Phytosub Shareholder ), pursuant to which the Phytosub Shareholder transferred all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Phytosub to the Company in exchange for 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction closed on December 23, 2014. As a result, Phytosub, a Nevada corporation formed on December 5, 2014, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Phytosub Shareholder acquired a controlling interest in the Company (the  Share Exchange ). For accounting purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an acquisition of Aceway Corp. and a recapitalization of PhytoSub. PhytoSub is the accounting acquirer and the results of its operations carryover. Accordingly, the operations of Aceway Corp. are not carried over and have been adjusted to $0.  
   
 On December 23, 2014, the Company also entered into a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Armando Espinoza, a former officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company sold and transferred all assets of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange to Mr. Espinoza. In consideration for the transfer of such assets, Mr. Espinoza (i) surrendered for cancellation all 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company owned by him; and (ii) assumed any and all liabilities of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange and agreed to assume any and all liabilities of the Company later asserted against the Company that related to the Company s operations prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange. Due to the cancellation of Mr. Espinoza s 25,000,000 shares and the issuance of 25,000,000 shares to Phytosub pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock was 35,000,020 after giving effect to the transactions described above. 
   
 On December 23, 2014, twenty-nine (29) Aceway Corp. shareholders delivered certificates and signed stock powers agreeing to cancel 9,663,786 shares of their common stock at any time that the company wanted to cancel such shares. In February 2016, the Company cancelled the 9,663,786 shares. The Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock at June 30, 2016 is 25,336,234. 
   
 On April 17, 2016, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of its common stock, $0.001 par value per share, to Ingredion Incorporated (the  Investor ) in connection with the parties  discussions of potential business initiatives and developments. Each of the two warrants issued provides the Investor with the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, or a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for $0.001 per share. As a commitment to the parties  ongoing discussions, the Investor has paid to the Company a deposit of $2 million and retains the rights to acquire up to 0.66% of the company s total outstanding common stock upon exercise of the warrants. If the warrants are exercised, the Company would issue the holder 167,220 shares of common stock. 
   
  Results of Operations  
   
     For the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015 and for the year ended June 30, 2016   
   
 The following table presents our results of operations for  the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015 and for the year ended June 30, 2016 . 

For the year ended June 31, 2016, we incurred $1,500,000 in research and development fees and $244,451 in professional fees and other general and administrative expenses, resulting in an operating and net loss of $1,744,451. The $1,500,000 of research and development services was provided by a research and development company owned by the Majority Shareholder, which provides research and development and process development services to various companies utilizing proprietary technology. The research and development company is developing a proprietary product for the Company. The Company was created in December 2014 and had limited activity in the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015, resulting in an operating and net loss of only $68,205 for that period. 

7 

Based upon the further research and commercialization efforts needed for our product offering, we cannot accurately predict revenue trends on a quarter-to-quarter basis. 
   
  Liquidity and Capital Resources  
   
 For the year ended June 30, 2016, we incurred a net loss of $1,744,451, $1,500,000 of which was for product research and development and the remainder was primarily for professional fees. During the year ended June 30, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company incremental amounts totaling $102,436 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses incurred during the year ended June 30, 2016. A company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company (i) incremental amounts totaling $64,005 during the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses, and (ii) $4,200 on July 21, 2015 to pay for professional fees accrued as of June 30, 2015. All amounts loaned to the Company were non-interest bearing and were due on demand. We repaid the outstanding $170,641 on April 21, 2016.  
   
 Currently we do not have sufficient capital to fund our business development for the next 12 months. We anticipate that we will need $2,000,000 to fund the next 12 months of our operations. If we are unable to meet our needs for cash from debt or equity financings, we may be unable to continue, develop, or expand our operations.  
   
 On April 17, 2016, we received $2,000,000 from an investor for the issuance of warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share in connection with the parties  discussions of potential business initiatives and developments. The Company issued two warrants that each provide the Investor the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date. The exercise price of the warrants is $.001 per share. Pursuant to the terms of the warrants, the Investor may exercise the warrants in whole or in part at any time prior to the expiration date of December 31, 2016, which is subject to extension until March 31, 2017 upon mutual agreement of the parties. The parties have agreed that if they have not finalized any business relationship agreements by the expiration date, and the warrants have not been exercised, the Company will refund $1 million of the consideration paid by the Investor upon the Investor s request and cancellation of one of the warrants. 
   
 We do not have sufficient funds for any business development over the next 12 months. We do not have any material commitments for capital expenditures during the next twelve months. We may seek to raise additional funds in the future particularly if we begin to deploy our business plan. Therefore our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price, or non-trading, of our common stock or a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital may restrict our ability to deploy our business model and may reduce our ability to conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may have to curtail our marketing and development plans and possibly cease our operations. 
   
 There is limited historical financial information about us on which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are a development stage company and have generated no revenues from operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources, possible delays in developing our products, and possible cost overruns due to the price and cost increases in supplies and services. 
   
  Critical Accounting Policies  
   
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which requires management to make certain estimates and apply judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be important at the time the condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, we review our accounting policies and how they are applied and disclosed in our consolidated financial statements.  
   
 While we believe that the historical experience, current trends and other factors considered support the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, actual results could differ from our estimates and such differences could be material. 
   
  Off Balance Sheet Arrangements  
   
 We do not engage in any activities involving variable interest entities or off-balance sheet arrangements. 

8 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  
   
 We do not believe that the adoption of any recently issued accounting standards will have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
   
  ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK  
   
 As a  smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 
   
  ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    

9 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
   
 To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of SweeGen, Inc. 
   
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of SweeGen, Inc. as of June 30, 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2016. SweeGen, Inc. s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of SweeGen, Inc. as of June 30, 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
   
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations since inception (December 5, 2014) and has an accumulated deficit of $1,812,656 with no established revenue or source of funding that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
   
  /s/HASKELL   WHITE LLP  
   
 Irvine, California 
 October 12, 2016 

F-1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
   
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 SweeGen, Inc.  
   
 We have audited the consolidated balance sheet of SweeGen, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2015 and the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.  
   
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
   
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2015 the results of its operation and its cash flows for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
   
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As reflected in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred an accumulated deficit of $68,205 for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015. This raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to this matter are described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

/s/Anton   Chia, LLP  
 Newport Beach, California 
   
 September 28, 2015 

F-2 

F-3 

F-4 

F-5 

F-6 

SWEEGEN, INC.    
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  
  For the Periods Ended June 30, 2016 and 201  5  
   
  NOTE 1 -   ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS  
   
 SweeGen, Inc.,  formerly Aceway Corp.  (the  Company ), is a Nevada corporation incorporated on April 1, 2013. On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the  Exchange Agreement ) with Phytosub, Inc. ( Phytosub ), and the shareholder of Phytosub (the  Phytosub Shareholder ), pursuant to which the Phytosub Shareholder transferred all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Phytosub to the Company in exchange for 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction also closed on December 23, 2014. As a result, Phytosub, a Nevada corporation formed on December 5, 2014, became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the Phytosub Shareholder acquired a controlling interest in the Company (the  Share Exchange ). For accounting purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an acquisition of Aceway Corp. and a recapitalization of PhytoSub. PhytoSub is the accounting acquirer and the results of its operations carryover. Accordingly, the operations of Aceway Corp. are not carried over and have been adjusted to $0.  
   
 On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Armando Espinoza, a former officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company sold and transferred all assets of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange to Mr. Espinoza. The transaction also closed on December 23, 2014. In consideration for the transfer of such assets, Mr. Espinoza (i) surrendered for cancellation 25,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock owned by him; and (ii) assumed any and all liabilities of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange and agreed to assume any and all liabilities of the Company later asserted against the Company that related to the Company s operations prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange. Due to the cancellation of Mr. Espinoza s 25,000,000 shares and the issuance of 25,000,000 shares to Phytosub pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock was 35,000,020 after giving effect to the transactions described above. 
   
 On December 23, 2014, twenty-nine (29) Aceway Corp. shareholders delivered certificates and signed stock powers agreeing to cancel 9,663,786 shares of their common stock at any time that the company wanted to cancel such shares. In February 2016, the Company cancelled the 9,663,786 shares. The Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock became 25,336,234 after giving effect to the cancellation. 
   
 The Company intends to leverage the experience of our new corporate and scientific management team, which has extensive experience in managing and developing large and small private and public companies; pathway engineering; microbial platform development; and developing and manufacturing food ingredients, biological products, dietary supplements and botanical extracts. The Company intends to create value for its shareholders by seeking, developing and acquiring, completely or a substantial interest in, companies or assets that would benefit from or that can be developed using the knowledge and expertise of the Company s management team. The Company will utilize various vehicles, as each situation dictates, to reach its goals, including but not limited to merger, acquisition, financial investment or a combination of these methods. The Company conducted and finished certain product research and development from January 2016 completed in June 2016 through a Company owned by the Majority Shareholder.  
   
  NOTE 2 -   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES  
   
   Basis of Presentation   
   
 The capital accounts of the Company have been retroactively restated to reflect the equivalent number of common shares based on the exchange ratio of the merger transaction in the basic and diluted weighted-average shares, effective December 23, 2014. 
   
   Principles of Consolidation   
   
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SweeGen, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiary Phytosub. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated. 

F-7 

Use of Estimates   
   
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to, those related to investment tax credits, bad debts, income taxes and contingencies. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
   
   Start-Up Costs   
   
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 720,  Start-up Costs , the Company expenses all costs incurred in connection with the start-up and organization of the Company. 
   
   Cash and Cash Equivalents   
   
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash in banks, money market funds, and certificates of term deposits with maturities of less than three months from inception, which are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which, in the opinion of management, are subject to an insignificant risk of loss in value. As of June 30, 2016 the company had $683,542 in cash and no cash equivalents. As of June 30, 2015, the Company had no cash or cash equivalents. 
   
   Net Loss Per Share of Common Stock   
   
 The Company has adopted ASC Topic 260,    Earnings per Share,  which requires presentation of basic earnings per share on the face of the income statement for all entities with complex capital structures and requires a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of the basic earnings per share computation. In the accompanying consolidated financial statements, basic earnings (loss) per share are computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. 
   
 The following table sets forth the computation of basic earnings per share: 

Basic net loss per common share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share ( EPS ) include additional dilution from common stock equivalents, such as stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options and warrants. Common stock equivalents, totaling 168,908 and 0 at June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share in 2016 on the consolidated statement of operations due to the fact that the Company reported a net loss in 2016 and to do so would be anti-dilutive for that period. The Company had no potentially dilutive securities, such as options or warrants, issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2015. 

F-8 

Share-based Expenses   
   
 ASC 718  Compensation   Stock Compensation  ( ASC 718 ) prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options or other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 
   
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50,  Equity   Based Payments to Non-Employees.  Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.  
   
 There were no share-based expenses for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016. 
   
   Deferred Income Taxes and Valuation Allowance   
   
 The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ). Under the asset and liability method of ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations. No net deferred tax assets or liabilities were recognized as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
   Concentrations of Credit Risk   
   
 The Company's financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of its cash and cash equivalents and related party payables it will likely incur in the near future. The Company places its cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions of high credit worthiness. At times, its cash and cash equivalents with a particular financial institution may exceed any applicable government insurance limits. The Company's management plans to assess the financial strength and credit worthiness of any parties to which it extends funds, and as such, it believes that any associated credit risk exposures are limited. 
   
  Fair Value of Financial Instruments   
   
 The Company adopted ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. ASC 820 establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to existing US GAAP that requires the use of fair value measurements which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. 
   
 ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below: 

Level 1: 
   Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2: 
   Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data 

Level 3: 
   Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

The carrying amounts reported in the balance sheet for cash, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate their estimated fair market value based on the short-term maturity of this instrument. 
   
 In addition, FASB ASC 825-10-25,  Fair Value Option  was effective for January 1, 2008. ASC 825-10-25 expands opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting and permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. 

F-9 

Fair value of financial instruments at June 30, 2016: 

Fair Value Measurements Using:  

Quoted Prices  
  in Active  
  Markets  
  (Level 1)  

Significant  
  Other  
  Observable  
  Inputs  
  (Level 2)  

Significant  
  Unobservable  
  Inputs  
  (Level 3)  

Derivative liability 
        $ 
   - 

$ 
   - 

$ 
   1,505 

The Company didn t have any financial instruments at June 30, 2015. 
   
 The derivative liability is the result of the warrants that were issued in April 2016. The warrants expire on December 31, 2016. The following table presents a reconciliation of the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable input (Level 3) on April 17, 2016 and June 30, 2016:  

Related Parties   
   
 The Company follows ASC 850,  Related Party Disclosures , for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. During the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to April 21, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder, loaned the Company $170,641 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses. We repaid the $170,641 on April 21, 2016. As of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the Company owed $0.00 and $64,005, respectively, to a company owned by the Majority Shareholder for loans provided to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses. During the year ended June 30, 2016, we paid $1,000,000 to a company owned by the Majority Shareholder for product research and development services. As of June 30, 2016, the Company owed $500,000 to a company owned by the Company s Majority Shareholder for product research and development services provided from April 1, 2016 through June 30, 2016. The $500,000 owed as of June 30, 2016 was paid on July 7, 2016. 
   
   Commitments and Contingencies   
   
 The Company follows ASC 450-20,  Loss Contingencies , to report accounting for contingencies. Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims, assessments, litigation, fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. There were no commitments or contingencies as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. See Note 7   Earnest Money Deposit. 
   
   Recent Accounting Pronouncements   
   
 In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The revenue recognition standard affects all entities that have contracts with customers, except for certain items. The new revenue recognition standard eliminates the transaction-and industry-specific revenue recognition guidance under current GAAP and replaces it with a principle-based approach for determining revenue recognition. Public entities are required to adopt the revenue recognition standard for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim and annual reporting periods thereafter. Early adoption is not permitted for public entities. The Company has reviewed the applicable ASU and due to the absence of revenues, believes that there will be no material effect on the financial statements. 

F-10 

In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12,  Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period . A performance target in a share-based payment that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period should be accounted for as a performance condition under ASC 718. As a result, the target is not reflected in the estimation of the award's grant date fair value. Compensation cost would be recognized over the required service period, if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 2015 and interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. Management has reviewed the ASU and believes that the Company currently accounts for these awards in a manner consistent with the new guidance. Therefore there is no anticipation of any effect to the financial statements. 
   
 In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements   Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . Under U.S. GAAP, continuation of a reporting entity as a going concern is presumed as the basis for preparing financial statements unless and until the entity's liquidation becomes imminent. Preparation of financial statements under this presumption is commonly referred to as the going concern basis of accounting. If and when an entity's liquidation becomes imminent, financial statements should be prepared under the liquidation basis of accounting in accordance with Subtopic 205-30 of this ASU,  Presentation of Financial Statements Liquidation Basis of Accounting . Even when an entity's liquidation is not imminent, there may be conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. In those situations, financial statements should continue to be prepared under the going concern basis of accounting, but the amendments in this ASU should be followed to determine whether to disclose information about the relevant conditions and events. The amendments in this ASU are effective for the annual period ending after December 15, 2016, and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The Company will evaluate the going concern considerations in this ASU. However, management does not believe that the Company has met conditions which would subject the Company s financial statements to additional disclosure. 
   
 Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company's management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Reclassification  
   
 The Company has made certain reclassifications to conform prior periods  data to the current presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on reported assets, liabilities or results of operations. Due to the February 2016 cancellation of 9,663,786 shares, we reduced common stock and negative additional paid in capital by 9,664 on the accompanying June 30, 2015 consolidated financial statements. 
   
  Subsequent Events Policy  
   
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through October 12, 2016, the date of issuance of the financial statements. 
   
  NOTE 3 -GOING CONCERN  
   
 The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared using U.S. GAAP principles applicable to a going concern, which contemplate the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company had an accumulated deficit of $1,812,656 for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016 and has a working capital deficit of $1,814,161 as of June 30, 2016. The Company has not established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost, and requires additional capital to commence its operating plan. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. 
   
 In order to continue as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management's plan to obtain such resources for the Company include: sales of equity instruments; traditional financing, such as loans; and obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its operating expenses. However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. 

F-11 

There is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds, if available, will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. The obtainment of financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan of operations, or its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 
   
    NOTE 4 -EQUITY  
   
   Authorized Stock   
   
 The Company s Articles of Incorporation authorize 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote, in person or proxy, on any matter on which action of the stockholders of the Company is sought. 
   
   Common Shares   
   
 No shares were issued during the year ended June 30, 2016. On December 23, 2014, twenty-nine (29) Aceway Corp. shareholders signed stock powers agreeing to cancel 9,663,786 shares of their common stock at any time that the company wanted to cancel such shares. In February 2016, the Company cancelled the 9,663,786 shares. The Company effectively had 25,336,234 common shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. The Company currently has two warrants outstanding that each provide the holder with the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, or a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for $0.001 per share. If the warrants are exercised, the Company would issue the holder 167,220 shares of common stock. 
   
 The only shares issued during the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016 were issued on December 23, 2014, in connection with the Exchange Agreement, whereby the Company issued 25,000,000 shares of common stock. Due to the cancellation of the 25,000,000 shares pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the issuance of 25,000,000 shares pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company s issued and outstanding common shares effectively remained 25,336,234.  
   
 See Note 1   Organization and Description of Business. 
   
   Preferred shares   
   
 No preferred shares have been authorized or issued. 
   
   Stock Options and Warrants   
   
 On April 17, 2016, the Company issued two warrants that each provide the Investor the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date. The exercise price of the warrants is $.001 per share. Pursuant to the terms of the warrants, the Investor may exercise the warrants in whole or in part at any time prior to the expiration date of December 31, 2016, which is subject to extension until March 31, 2017 upon mutual agreement of the parties. If the warrants are exercised, the Company would issue the holder 167,220 shares of common stock. 
   
 The Company has no outstanding stock options and does not have any other outstanding rights to acquire securities. 
   
  NOTE 5 -PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES  
   
 The Company is subject to taxation in the United States and certain state jurisdictions. The Company has not taken any uncertain tax positions, however, has open tax years subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Services for the years beginning in 2013.  
   
 Due to the change in ownership provisions of the income tax laws of United States of America, net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. When a change in ownership occurs, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

F-12 

The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to the net loss before provision for income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax assets. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a valuation allowance. The Company has not recorded a provision for income taxes for the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 since the Company has had net operating losses since inception (December 5, 2014).  

Due to uncertainties surrounding the Company's ability to generate future taxable income to realize deferred income tax assets arising as a result of net operating losses carried forward, the Company has not recorded any deferred income tax asset as of June 30, 2016 and 2015. The Company has an operating loss of $1,812,656 since inception. The net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in varying amounts from year 2033, subject to its eligibility as determined by respective tax regulating authorities. 
   
 Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of:  

NOTE 6   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS  
   
 Twenty five million (25,000,000) shares owned by Mr. Espinoza, the Company s former officer and director, were cancelled on December 23, 2014 in connection with the Purchase Agreement between the Company and Armando Espinoza, a former officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company sold and transferred all assets of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange. In consideration for transfer of such assets Mr. Espinoza (i) surrendered for cancellation all securities of the Company owned by Mr. Espinoza, which securities included 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company; and (ii) assumed any and all liabilities of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange and agreed to assume any and all liabilities of the Company later asserted against the Company that related to the Company s operations prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange. 
   
 Mr. Espinoza had previously advanced funds to meet the Company's cash flow requirements. There is no written or expressed policy for continuation of future advances. The amounts advanced were considered payable upon demand and were non-interest bearing. As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the balance due to Mr. Espinoza was $0, respectively.  
   
 The Company does not own or lease property or lease office space. The Majority Shareholder provides us with 200 square feet of furnished office space, which is our principal executive office. This location currently serves as our primary office for planning and implementing our business plan. This space is currently sufficient for our purposes, and we expect it to be sufficient for the foreseeable future. It is provided to us free of charge from the Majority Shareholder. 

F-13 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company incremental amounts totaling $102,436 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses incurred during the year ended June 30, 2016. A company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company (i) incremental amounts totaling $64,005 during the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2015 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses, and (ii) $4,200 on July 21, 2015 to pay for professional fees accrued as of June 30, 2015. All amounts loaned to the Company were non-interest bearing and were due on demand. We repaid the outstanding $170,641 on April 21, 2016. As of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the balance due to a company owned by the Majority Shareholder was $0.00 and $64,005, respectively, for loans provided to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses.  
   
 During the year ended June 30, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder (the  R D Company ) provided product research and development services to the Company valued at $1,500,000. During the year ended June 30, 2016, $1,000,000 of the $1,500,000 was paid to the R D Company, resulting in a balance of $500,000 owed as of June 30, 2016 to the R D Company for product research and development services. The R D Company provides research and development and process development services to various companies utilizing proprietary technology. The R D Company is developing a proprietary product for the Company. The $500,000 owed as of June 30, 2016 was paid on July 7, 2016.  
   
 The amounts and terms of the above transactions may not necessarily be indicative of the amounts and terms that would have been incurred had comparable transactions been entered into with independent third parties. 
   
  NOTE 7   EARNEST MONEY DEPOSIT  
   
 On April 17, 2016, we received $2,000,000 from an investor for the issuance of warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, $0.001 par value per share in connection with the parties  discussions of potential business initiatives and developments. The Company issued two warrants that each provide the Investor the right to acquire 0.33% of the Company s total outstanding common stock on the exercise date, for a total of 0.66% of the total outstanding common stock on the exercise date. The exercise price of the warrants is $.001 per share. Pursuant to the terms of the warrants, the Investor may exercise the warrants in whole or in part at any time prior to the expiration date of December 31, 2016, which is subject to extension until March 31, 2017 upon mutual agreement of the parties. The parties agreed that if they have not finalized any business relationship agreements by the expiration date, and the warrants have not been exercised, the Company will refund $1 million of the consideration paid by the Investor upon the Investor s request and cancellation of one of the warrants. The Company recorded a $2,000,000 liability as of June 30, 2016 for this earnest money deposit. 

F-14 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE  
   
 There have been no disagreements with our accountants since our formation required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 304 of Regulation S-K. See or our 8-Ks filed July 28, 2015 and September 16, 2016 for detailed descriptions of our changes in Certifying Accountants. 
     
    ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES  
   
  Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures  
   
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
   
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the year ended June 30, 2016. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2016 due to the Company s limited size, limited internal resources, and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. 
   
 The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee, (2) lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (3) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives; and (4) management dominated by a single individual without adequate compensating controls. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive and Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of June 30, 2016. 
   
 Management believes that the material weaknesses set forth above did not have an effect on our financial results. However, management believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods. 
   
 Management is in the process of determining how best to change our current system and implement a more effective system to insure that information required to be disclosed in this annual report on Form 10-K has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this problem, and intends to developed procedures to address them to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources. While management is working on a plan, no assurance can be made at this point that the implementation of such controls and procedures will be completed in a timely manner or that they will be adequate once implemented. 

9 

Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting.  
   
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, as amended). Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2016. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (  COSO  ) in  Internal Control Integrated Framework . Based on our assessment, management identified significant deficiencies related to: (i) our internal audit functions, and (ii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting functions. As a result, management concluded that, as of June 30, 2016, the Company s internal control over financial reporting were not effective based on the criteria established in  Internal Control Integrated Framework . Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with any policies and procedures may deteriorate. Due to our size and nature, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible. We are in the process of determining how best to change our current system and implement a more effective system however there can be no assurance that implementation of any change will be completed in a timely manner or that it will be adequate once implemented. To the extent possible, we will implement procedures to assure that the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals. We believe that the foregoing steps will help remediate the significant deficiencies identified above, and we will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these steps and make any changes that our management deems appropriate. 
   
 This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting since one is not required. 
   
  Officers' Certifications  
   
 Appearing as exhibits to this Annual Report are  Certifications  of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The Certifications are required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the  Section 302 Certifications ). This section of the Annual Report contains information concerning the Controls Evaluation referred to in the Section 302 Certification. This information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
   
  Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures  
   
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
   
  Changes in internal control over financial reporting  
   
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the year ended June 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
     
    ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION  
   
 None.     

10 

PART III  
     
    ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  
     
 All directors of the Company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of the Company are appointed by the board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. The directors and executive officers, their ages and positions held, are as follows: 

Name 
   Age 
   Position 
  
   Steven Chen 
   51 
   President, Chief Executive   Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

The principal occupations for the past five years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our executive officers, directors and key employees are as follows: 
   
  Steven Chen  has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a Director a since December 23, 2014. Mr. Chen has been in biotechnology for over 25 years, both in China and the United States. Mr. Chen founded, owns and operates several companies including Phyto Tech Corporation, ProTab Laboratories, Conagen, Inc. and Wuxi NewWay Biomanufacturing Company, Ltd. Over the past 5 years Mr. Chen has been the President, Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of Phyto Tech Corporation, ProTab Laboratories, Conagen, Inc. and Wuxi NewWay Biomanufacturing Company, Ltd. 
   
  Board Qualification  
   
 The Company believes that our director is highly qualified to serve as a member of the Board. When evaluating candidates for election to the Board, the Board seeks candidates with certain qualities that it believes are important, including integrity, an objective perspective, good judgment and leadership skills. Our director is highly educated and has a diverse background, and has talents and an extensive track record of success in what we believe are highly relevant positions. 
   
  Term of Office  
   
 Each director is elected until our next annual meeting and until their successor is duly elected and qualified. The Board of Directors may also appoint additional directors up to the maximum number permitted under our by-laws. Each executive officer serves at the discretion of the Board of Directors and holds office until their successor is elected or until their resignation or removal in accordance with our articles of incorporation and by-laws. 
   
  Family Relationships  
   
 There are no family relationships between or among the above directors and/or executive officers. 
   
  Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings  
   
 During the past ten (10) years, none of the Company s directors, executive officers, promoters, control persons, or nominees has been:  

the subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; or 

found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

11 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act  
   
 The Company's common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Accordingly, officers, directors and principal shareholders are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. 
   
  Board Independence  
   
 We currently have one director serving on our Board of Directors. We are not a listed issuer and, as such, are not subject to any director independence standards. Using the definition of  independent director,  as defined by Section 5605(a)(2) of the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Mr. Chen would not be considered an independent director of the Company. 
   
  Board Committees  
   
 We expect to appoint a nominating committee and compensation committee, and to adopt charters relative to each such committee, in the future. Given our size and the development of our business to date, we believe that the board through its meetings can presently perform all of the duties and responsibilities that might be contemplated by such committees. Except as may be provided in our bylaws, we do not currently have specified procedures in place pursuant to which whereby security holders may recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. 
   
  Audit Committee  
   
 Currently the Company is developing a comprehensive Board of Directors and does not have an Audit Committee. The Company intends to appoint audit, compensation and other applicable committee members as it appoints individuals with pertinent expertise. 
   
  Audit Committee Financial Expert  
   
 Our board of directors does not have a member that qualifies as an  audit committee financial expert  as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
   
  Board and Committee Meetings  
   
 Our board of directors currently consists of one member, Steven Chen. The Board held no formal meetings during the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016. Until the Company develops a more comprehensive Board of Directors, all proceedings will be conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada General Corporate Law and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. 
   
  Nomination Process  
   
 As at June 30, 2016, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our company's requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our company at the address on the cover of this annual report. 
   
  Code of Ethics  
   
 We have not yet adopted a Code of Ethics although we expect to as we develop our infrastructure and business. 
   
  Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight  
   
 Due to the small size of the Company, we have not adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined. 

12 

Our Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes on behalf of our board of directors. The Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our assessment of risks. The Board focuses on the most significant risks facing our company and our company s general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks undertaken by our Company are consistent with the Board s appetite for risk. While the Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks facing us and that our board leadership structure supports this approach.   
   
  ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
   
  Summary Compensation Table  
   
 The table below sets forth, for our last two fiscal years, the compensation earned by Steven Chen, our current President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director.   

Name and principal position  
    Fiscal Year  
     
    Salary ($)  
     
    Bonus ($)  
     
    Stock Awards ($)(5)  
     
    Option Awards ($)(5)  
     
    Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($)  
     
    Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)  
     
    All Other Compensation   ($)  
     
    Total ($)  
  
    (a)  
    (b)  
     
    (c)  
     
    (d)  
     
    (e)  
     
    (f)  
     
    (g)  
     
    (h)  
     
    (i)  
     
    (j)  
  
   Steven Chen (1) 

2016 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 

2015 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 
     
   - 

(1) 
   Mr. Chen has held the positions of President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director since December 23, 2014.  

Grants of Plan-Based Awards  
   
 There were no grants of plan-based awards for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016 
   
  Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End  
   
 There were no outstanding equity awards for the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016 
   
  Option Exercises and Stock Vested  
   
 During the period from inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016, there were no options exercised. 
   
  Employment Agreements  
   
 None. 
   
  Compensation of Directors  
   
 We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. 
   
  Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans  
   
 There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. 

13 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  
   
 The following table sets forth certain information as of October 12, 2016 regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer and director; and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment power and that person s address is c/o Sweegen, Inc., 30321 Esperanza Avenue, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688. 

(1) 
   Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person's actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on October 12, 2016. As of October 12, 2016, there were 25,336,234 shares of our company's common stock issued and outstanding. 

Changes in Control   
   
 We are not aware of any contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our company. 
   
  ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE  
   
  Related party transactions  
     
 The Majority Shareholder, Steven Chen, provides office space to us free of charge. A company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company incremental amounts totaling $170,641 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses during the period form the inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016. During the year ended June 30, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder (the  R D Company ) provided product research and development services to the Company valued at $1,500,000. During the year ended June 30, 2016, $1,000,000 of the $1,500,000 was paid to the R D Company, resulting in a balance of $500,000 owed as of June 30, 2016 to the R D Company for product research and development services. The $500,000 owed as of June 30, 2016 was paid on July 7, 2016. The R D Company provides research and development and process development services to various companies utilizing proprietary technology. The R D Company is developing a proprietary product for the Company.  
   
  Security ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management  
   
 On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) with Armando Espinoza, a former officer and director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company sold and transferred all assets of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange to Mr. Espinoza. In consideration for the transfer of such assets, Mr. Espinoza (i) surrendered for cancellation all 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company owned by him; and (ii) assumed any and all liabilities of the Company existing prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange and agreed to assume any and all liabilities of the Company later asserted against the Company that related to the Company s operations prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange.  
   
 On December 23, 2014, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Phytosub, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder, Steven Chen, pursuant to which Mr. Chen transferred all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Phytosub to the Company in exchange for 25,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company. As a result, Mr. Chen acquired a controlling interest in the Company.  

14 

Loan from shareholder  
   
 During the period form the inception (December 5, 2014) to June 30, 2016, a company owned by the Majority Shareholder loaned the Company incremental amounts totaling $170,641 to pay for professional fees and other general and administrative expenses. We repaid the $170,641 loan on April 21, 2016.  
   
  Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions  
   
 Our Board of Directors is charged with reviewing and approving all potential related party transactions. All such related party transactions must then be reported under applicable SEC rules. We have not adopted other procedures for review, or standards for approval, of such transactions, but instead review them on a case-by-case basis. 
   
  ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES  
   
  Audit Fees  
   
 The aggregate fees billed for the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were $12,500 and $4,200, respectively, for professional services rendered by the principal accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for the fiscal years. 
   
  Audit-Related Fees  
   
 We did not incur any fees from our independent registered public accounting firm for audit-related services during the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Tax Fees   
   
 We did not incur any fees from our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance or tax consulting services during the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  All Other Fees   
   
 We did not incur any fees from our independent registered public accounting firm for services rendered to us, other than the services covered in  Audit Fees  for the periods ended June 30, 2016 and 2015. 
   
  Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures  
   
 We do not have an audit committee and as a result our Board of Directors evaluates the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders audit and non-audit services.    

15 

PART IV  
     
    ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES  

(a)  
   Financial Statements. 

Included in Item 8 

Exhibit No.  
    Description  

2.1 
   Share Exchange Agreement by and among Aceway Corp., Phytosub, Inc. and The Chen Family Living Trust dated July 16, 2003, dated as of December 23, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   2.2 
   Purchase Agreement by and between Aceway Corp. and Armando Espinoza, dated as of December 23, 2014 (filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   3.1 
   Amendment to Articles of Incorporation   (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   3.2 
   Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 12, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   4.1 
   Warrant Certificate NO 1 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   4.2 
   Warrant Certificate NO 2 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 
  
   31.1 
   Certification of Principal Executive   Principal Financial Officer Required By Rule 13a-14(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended, As Adopted Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
  
   32.1 
   Certification of Principal Executive   Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
  
   101.INS 
 101SCH 
 101.CAL 
 101DEF 
 101.LAB 
 101.PRE 
   XBRL Instance Document** 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document** 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document** 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document** 
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document** 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document** 

* Filed herewith 
 ** Filed herewith by amendment 
 _______________ 

SIGNATURES  
   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SWEEGEN, INC.  

(Registrant) 

Dated: October 14, 2016 
    /s/ Steven Chen  

Steven Chen  

Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 

(Principal Executive, Financial, and Accounting Officer) 

16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10ka063016_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 Section 302 Certification 

Exhibit 31.1   
   
  Certification of Principal Executive   Principal Financial Officer  
  Required By Rule 13a-14(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Amended,  
  As Adopted Pursuant To Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
   
 I, Steven Chen, certify that: 
   
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K/A of Sweegen, Inc.; 
   
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
   
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
   
 4. I am the sole officer and I m responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
   
 (a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
   
 (b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
   
 (c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
   
 (d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 
   
 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
   
 (a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
   
 (b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 14, 2016 

/s/ Steven Chen  
  
   Steven Chen 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10ka063016_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 

Exhibit 32.1   

Certification of Chief Executive   Chief Financial Officer  
  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to  
  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
   
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sweegen, Inc. a Nevada corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-K/A for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Steven Chen, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certifies to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
   The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company, and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Steven Chen  
  
   Steven Chen 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
   
 October 14, 2016 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.CAL>
 4
 swee-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 5
 swee-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 swee-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 swee-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 swee-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 swee-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

