<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161214_10-K_edgar_data_845385_0001213900-16-019423_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2964060</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>526666</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>292052</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1892076</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>174</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-019423.hdr.sgml : 20161214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161214171657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019423
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		24
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRINCETON CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000845385
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL FANS & BLOWERS & AIR PURIFYING EQUIP [3564]
		IRS NUMBER:				463516073
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00710
		FILM NUMBER:		162051795

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 ALEXANDER PARK
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-514-9200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 ALEXANDER PARK
		STREET 2:		SUITE 103
		CITY:			PRINCETON
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08540

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGAL ONE Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090730

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REGAL ONE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930929

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-019423.txt : 20161214

10-K
 1
 f10k2015_princetoncapital.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES    

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-K   

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF    

   THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015   

Commission
File Number 814-00710  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    

  (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter)  

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code:  (609) 514-9200  

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

NONE   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   

Common
Stock, par value $.001 per share  

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  
No    

Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  
No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes   No    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Sec. 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes   No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Sec. 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See definitions of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in rule 12b-2 of
the Exchange Act. (Check one.)  

Large
    accelerated filer    
      Accelerated
    filer     
 
      Non
    Accelerated filer    
      Smaller
    Reporting Company     

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes   No    

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $1,000,347
based on the closing price of $0.20 on the over-the-counter pink sheet market (OTC Pink Sheets) on June 30, 2016, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter.  

As
of December 14, 2016, there were 120,486,061 shares of common stock, $.001 par value, issued and outstanding.  

1   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

Page    
 
        PART
    I     

Item
    1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    
      1   
 
        Item
    1A. RISK FACTORS    
      25   
 
        Item
    1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS    
      45   
 
        Item
    2. PROPERTIES    
      45   
 
        Item
    3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS    
      45   
 
        Item
    4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES    
      46   

PART
        II      

Item
    5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER4 PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES    
      47   
 
        Item
    6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    
      49   
 
        Item
    7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS    
      49   
 
        Item
    7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK    
      61   
 
        Item
    8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    
      62   
 
        Item
    9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE    
      94   
 
        Item
    9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    
      94   
 
        Item
    9B. OTHER INFORMATION    
      94   

PART
        III      

Item
    10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    
      95   
 
        Item
    11. EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION    
      98   
 
        Item
    12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    
      99   
 
        Item
    13. TRANSACTIONS AND BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS WITH MANAGEMENT AND PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS    
      101   
 
        Item
    14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES    
      102   

PART
        IV     

Item
    15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    
      104   

SIGNATURES    
      105   

-  3  - 

PART
I     

Item
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS    

Except
as otherwise indicated, the terms  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company  refer to
Princeton Capital Corporation; and  Princeton Investment Advisors  refers to our investment adviser Princeton Investment
Advisors, LLC.    

Overview
and Background   

Princeton
Capital Corporation s predecessor, was initially incorporated in Florida in 1959 as Electro-Mechanical Services, Inc. In
1998 it changed its name from Electro-Mechanical Services, Inc. to Regal One Corporation ( Regal One ). In 2005, the
then board of directors of Regal One determined it would be in the best interest of shareholders to change the focus of Regal
One s operations to providing financial services through a network of advisors and professionals.  

On
July 14, 2014, Regal One, the Company (then a wholly-owned subsidiary of Regal One), Capital Point Partners, LP, a Delaware limited
partnership ( CPP ), and Capital Point Partners II, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( CPPII  and, together
with CPP, the  Partnerships ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ) pursuant
to which we would acquire certain equity and debt investments of the Partnerships in exchange for shares of common stock. In addition
to the customary conditions to closing the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, Regal One was required to (i)
effect a reverse stock split of its then outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-2, (ii) reincorporate from Florida to Maryland
by merging with and into the Company with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the  Reincorporation )
and (iii) become an externally managed business development company ( BDC ) by entering into an external investment
advisory agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors.  

On
March 13, 2015, following the reverse stock split and the Reincorporation, we completed our previously announced acquisition in
the approximate amounts of $11.2 million in cash, $43.5 million in equity   debt investments, and $1.9 million in restricted
cash escrow deposits of the Partnerships with an aggregate value of approximately $56.6 million and issued approximately 115.5
million shares of our common stock to the Partnerships. The shares issued were based on a pre-valuation presumed fair value of
$60.9 million. We also entered into the investment advisory agreement ( Investment Advisory Agreement ) with Princeton
Investment Advisors.  

General    

We
are an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). We originate and invest primarily in private small and lower middle-market companies
(typically those with less than $20.0 million of EBITDA) through first lien loans, second lien loans, unsecured loans, unitranche
and mezzanine debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. Our investment objective is to maximize the
total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments
in private small and lower middle-market companies. We are managed by Princeton Investment Advisors and PCC Administrator LLC
(the  Administrator ) provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate.  

As
a BDC, we must not acquire any assets other than  qualifying assets  specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time
the acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying
assets include investments in  eligible portfolio companies.  Under the relevant Securities and Exchange Commission
( SEC ) rules, the term  eligible portfolio company  includes all private companies, companies whose securities
are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that have listed their securities on a national
securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than $250 million, in each case organized in the United States.  

Our
investment objective is to maximize the total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation
by:  

accessing the extensive origination channels that have been developed and established by the Princeton   

-  1  - 

Investment
    Advisors  investment team that include long-standing relationships with private equity firms, commercial banks, investment
    banks and other financial services firms;   

investing
    in what we believe to be companies with strong business fundamentals, generally within our core small and lower middle-market
    company focus;   

focusing
    on a variety of industry sectors, including business services, energy, general industrial, government services, healthcare,
    software and specialty finance;   

directly
    originating transactions rather than participating in broadly syndicated financings;   

applying
    the disciplined underwriting standards that the Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team has developed over their
    extensive investing careers; and   

capitalizing
    upon the experience and resources of the Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team to monitor our investments.   

As
a BDC, we are required to comply with regulatory requirements, including limitations on our use of debt. We are permitted to,
and expect to continue to, finance our investments through borrowings. However, as a BDC, we are only generally allowed to borrow
amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% after such borrowing. The amount of leverage
that we employ will depend on our assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing, such
as the maturity, covenant package and rate structure of the proposed borrowings, our ability to raise funds through the issuance
of our securities and the risks of such borrowings within the context of our investment outlook. Ultimately, we only intend to
use leverage if the expected returns from borrowing to make investments will exceed the cost of such borrowings.  

The
Company will be taxed as a C corporation and subject to federal and state corporation income taxes for its 2015 and 2014 taxable
years.  

Our
principal executive office is currently located at 700 Alexander Park, Suite 103, Princeton, NJ 08540, and our telephone number
is (609) 514-9200. We maintain a website on the Internet at www.princetoncapitalcorp.com. Information contained on our website
is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and you should not consider information contained on our
website to be part of this annual report on Form 10-K.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors    

Since
March 13, 2015, Princeton Investment Advisors manages our investment activities and is responsible for analyzing investment opportunities,
conducting research and performing due diligence on potential investments, negotiating and structuring our investments, originating
prospective investments and monitoring our investments and portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. Princeton Investment Advisors
is a newly formed investment advisory firm led by certain senior investment professionals of the advisor for the Partnerships.
The senior investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors have an average of over twenty years of investing, corporate
finance, restructuring, consulting and accounting experience and have worked together at several companies during their investing
career. The Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team has a wide range of experience in middle-market investing, including
originating, structuring and managing loans and debt securities through market cycles.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors is headquartered in Houston, Texas, with offices in Kingston, New Jersey.  

Market
Opportunity    

We
originate and invest primarily in private small and lower middle-market companies through first lien, second lien, unitranche
and mezzanine debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. We believe the environment for investing in
small and lower middle-market companies is attractive for several reasons, including:  

Increased
M A and Leveraged Buy-out Activity.   We believe that large amounts of private equity capital raised over the past 5-7
years remain available for investment. We expect the large amount of uninvested  

-  2  - 

capital
commitments will drive buyout activity over the next several years, which should, in turn, create lending opportunities for us.
In addition to increased buyout activity, a high volume of senior secured and high yield debt was originated prior to the credit
crisis from 2007 through 2009 and will come due in the near term and, accordingly, we believe that new financing opportunities
will increase as many companies seek to refinance this indebtedness.  

Reduced
Availability of Capital for Middle-Market Companies.   We believe there are fewer providers of, and less capital available
for financing to the small and lower middle-market companies we seek to make investments in, as a result of consolidation in the
banking and asset management industry. We believe that many financing providers are constrained by their larger economies of scale
and have chosen to focus on large, liquid corporate loans and managing capital markets transactions rather than lending to middle-market
businesses. In addition, we believe recent regulatory changes, including the adoption of the Dodd-Frank Act and the introduction
of new international capital and liquidity requirements under Basel III Accords, have disrupted their securitization activities,
and forced a reduction of their loan portfolio and due to their refocusing on larger clients have caused them to curtail their
lending to middle-market-companies. We also believe hedge funds and collateralized loan obligation managers are less likely to
pursue investment opportunities in our target market because of reduced availability of funding for new investments. As a result,
we believe that less competition will facilitate higher quality deal flow and allow for greater selectivity throughout the investment
process.  

Attractive
Deal Pricing and Structures.   We believe that the pricing of middle-market debt investments in fundless equity sponsored
transactions, which are more prevalent in our target market, is higher, and the terms of such investments are more conservative,
compared to larger liquid, public debt financings, due to the more limited universe of lenders as well as the highly negotiated
nature of these financings. These transactions tend to offer stronger covenant packages, higher interest rates, lower leverage
levels and better call protection compared to larger financings. In addition, middle-market loans typically offer other investor
protections such as default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and information rights for lenders.  

Specialized
Lending Requirements.   Lending to small and lower middle-market companies requires in depth diligence, credit expertise,
restructuring experience and active portfolio management. We believe that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions
ill-suited to lend to small and lower middle-market companies. For example, based on the experience of Princeton Investment Advisors 
investment team, lending to small and lower middle-market companies in the United States (a) is generally more labor intensive
than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of the information available
with respect to such companies, (b) requires specialized due diligence and underwriting capabilities, and (c) may also require
more extensive ongoing monitoring by the lender. We believe that, through Princeton Investment Advisors, we have the experience
and expertise to meet these specialized lending requirements.  

Competitive
Strengths    

We
believe that the following competitive strengths will allow us to achieve positive returns for our investors:  

Experienced
Investment Team.   Through our investment advisor, Princeton Investment Advisors, we have access to the experience and expertise
of the Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team, including its senior investment professionals who have an average
of over twenty years of experience and have worked together at several companies. The Princeton Investment Advisors  investment
team has a wide range of experience in middle-market investing, including originating, structuring and managing loans and debt
securities through market cycles. We believe the members of Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team are proven and
experienced, with extensive capabilities in leveraged credit investing, having participated in these markets for the predominant
portion of their careers. We believe that the experience and demonstrated ability of the Princeton Investment Advisors 
investment team to complete transactions will enhance the quantity and quality of investment opportunities available to us.  

-  3  - 

Established,
Rigorous Investment and Monitoring Process.   The Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team has developed an
extensive review and credit analysis process over the past nine years with the advisor for the Partnerships. Each investment opportunity
that is reviewed by Princeton Investment Advisors is brought through a structured, multi-stage approval process. Of the over 750
investment transactions reviewed by Princeton Investment Advisors  investment professionals from 2006 through 2014, 13,
or approximately 1.7%, were fully approved and the transactions consummated. Princeton Investment Advisors will take an active
approach in monitoring all investments, including reviews of financial performance on at least a quarterly basis and regular discussions
with management. Princeton Investment Advisors  investment and monitoring process and the depth and experience of its investment
team should allow it to conduct the type of due diligence and monitoring that enables it to identify and evaluate risks and opportunities.  

Ability
to Structure Investments.   Princeton Investment Advisors has the expertise and ability to structure investments across
all levels of a company s capital structure. The Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team has collectively invested
over $1.0 billion across the entire capital structure in numerous small and lower middle-market companies. These investments included
secured and unsecured debt and related equity securities. Furthermore, we believe that current market conditions will allow us
to structure attractively priced debt investments and may allow us to incorporate other return-enhancing mechanisms such as commitment
fees, original issue discounts, early redemption premiums, payment-in-kind, or  PIK , interest or some form of equity
securities.  

Resources
of Princeton Investment Advisors Platform.   We have access to the resources and capabilities of Princeton Investment Advisors,
which has seven investment professionals. These individuals have developed long-term relationships with small and lower middle-market
companies, management teams, equity sponsors, lending institutions and deal intermediaries by providing flexible financing throughout
the capital structure. The Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team has completed several financing transactions with
funded and fundless equity sponsors. In some cases, we have completed multiple financing transactions with those equity sponsors.
We believe that these relationships will provide us with a competitive advantage in identifying investment opportunities in our
target market. We also expect to benefit from Princeton Investment Advisors  due diligence, credit analysis, origination
and transaction execution experience and capabilities, including the support provided with respect to those functions by our network
of third-party service professionals.  

Investment
Strategy    

The
Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team will employ an opportunistic and flexible investing approach, combined with
strong risk management processes, which we believe will yield a highly diversified portfolio across companies, industries, and
investment types. We will seek direct origination opportunities of first lien, second lien, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing,
often times with modest corresponding equity investments, in small and lower middle-market companies. We believe that businesses
in this size range often have limited access to public financial markets, and will benefit from Princeton Investment Advisors 
reliable lending partnership. Many financing providers have chosen to focus on large corporate clients and managing capital markets
transactions rather than lending to middle-market businesses. Further, many financial institutions and traditional lenders are
faced with constrained balance sheets and are requiring existing borrowers to reduce leverage. We also believe hedge funds and
collateralized debt obligation/collateralized loan obligation managers are less likely to pursue investment opportunities in our
target market as a result of reduced liquidity for new investments.  

With
an average of over twenty years of investing, corporate finance, restructuring, consulting and accounting experience, the senior
investment team of Princeton Investment Advisors has demonstrated investment expertise throughout the balance sheet and in a variety
of situations, including financial sponsor buyouts, growth capital, debt refinancings, balance sheet recapitalizations, rescue
financings, distressed opportunities, and acquisition financings. Our investment philosophy emphasizes capital preservation through
superior credit selection and risk mitigation. We expect our targeted portfolio to provide downside protection through conservative
cash flow and asset coverage requirements, priority in the capital structure and information requirements. We also anticipate
benefiting from equity participation through warrants and other equity instruments structured as part of our investments. This
flexible approach enables Princeton Investment Advisors to respond to market conditions and offer customized lending solutions.  

-  4  - 

Princeton
Investment Advisors invests across a wide range of industries with deep expertise in select verticals including, but not limited
to, business services, energy, general industrial, government services, healthcare software and specialty finance. We will seek
to maintain a diversified portfolio of investments as a method to manage risk and capitalize on specific sector trends. Our objective
is to act as the lead or largest investor in transactions, generally investing between $1.0 million and $5.0 million per transaction.
We expect the average investment holding period to be between three and five years, depending upon portfolio company objectives
and conditions in the capital markets.  

We
expect to focus on small and lower middle-market companies with less than $20.0 million of EBITDA in a variety of industry sectors
with positive long-term dynamics and dependable cash flows. We will seek businesses with management teams with demonstrated track
records and economic incentives in strong franchises and sustainable competitive advantages with dependable and predictable cash
flows.  

We
intend to employ leverage prudently and within the limitations of the applicable laws and regulations for a BDC. Any decision
on our part to use leverage will depend upon our assessment of the attractiveness of available investment opportunities in relation
to the costs and perceived risks of such leverage.  

Transaction
Sourcing    

As
access to investment opportunities is highly relationship driven, the senior investment team and other investment professionals
of Princeton Investment Advisors spend considerable time developing and maintaining contacts with key deal sources, including
private equity firms, investment banks, and senior lenders. The senior investment team and other investment professionals of Princeton
Investment Advisors have been actively investing in the middle-market sector for the past decade and have focused on extensive
calling and marketing efforts via speaking engagements, sponsorships, industry events, and referrals to broaden their relationship
network. Existing relationships are constantly cultivated through transactional work and other personal contacts.  

In
addition to financial sponsors, Princeton Investment Advisors has developed a network of other deal sources, including:  

management
    teams and entrepreneurs;   

portfolio
    companies of private equity firms;   

other
    investment firms that have strategies similar to Princeton Investment Advisors and are seeking co-investors;   

placement
    agents and investment banks representing financial sponsors and issuers;   

corporate
    operating advisors and other financial advisors; and   

consultants,
    attorneys and other service providers to small and lower middle-market companies and financial sponsors.   

We
believe that Princeton Investment Advisors  broad network of deal origination contacts will afford us with a continuous
source of investment opportunities.  

These
origination relationships provide access not only to potential investment opportunities but also to market intelligence on trends
across the credit markets. Princeton Investment Advisors has completed several financing transactions with funded and fundless
equity sponsors. In some cases, affiliates of Princeton Investment Advisors have completed multiple financing transactions with
those equity sponsors.  

We
believe that over the past decade, the senior investment team and other investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors
have built a reputation as a thoughtful and disciplined provider of capital to small and lower middle-market companies and a preferred
financing source for private equity sponsors and management teams. We  

-  5  - 

believe
these factors give Princeton Investment Advisors a competitive advantage in sourcing investment opportunities, which will be put
to use for our benefit.  

Investment
Structuring    

Princeton
Investment Advisors believes that each investment has unique characteristics that must be considered, understood and analyzed.
Princeton Investment Advisors structures investment terms based on the business, credit profile, the outlook for the industry
in which a potential portfolio company operates, the competitive landscape, the products or services which the company sells and
the management team and ownership of the company, among other factors. Princeton Investment Advisors will rely upon the analysis
conducted and information gathered through the investment process to evaluate the appropriate structure for our investments.  

We
invest primarily in the debt securities of small and lower middle-market companies. Our investments will typically carry a high
level of cash pay interest and may incorporate other return-enhancing mechanisms such as commitment fees, original issue discounts,
early redemption premiums, PIK interest and some form of equity participation, including preferred stock, common stock, warrants
and other forms of equity participation. We expect that a typical debt investment in which we invest will have a maturity of between
three and five years. We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may sell some of our investments
earlier if a liquidity event occurs, such as a sale, recapitalization or worsening of the credit quality of the portfolio company.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors negotiates covenants in connection with debt investments that provide protection for us but allow appropriate
flexibility for the portfolio company. Such covenants may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien
protection and change of control provisions. Princeton Investment Advisors will require comprehensive information rights including
access to management, financial statements and budgets and, in some cases, membership on the board of directors or board of directors
observation rights. Additionally, Princeton Investment Advisors will generally require financial covenants and terms that restrict
an issuers use of leverage and limitations on asset sales and capital expenditures.  

Secured
Debt    

Secured
debt, including first lien, second lien and unitranche financing, will have liens on the assets of the borrower that will serve
as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans.  

First
Lien Debt . First lien debt will be structured with first-priority liens on the assets of the borrower that will serve as collateral
in support of the repayment of such loans. First lien loans may provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the
loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Under market conditions as of the date of this filing,
we expect that the interest rate on senior secured loans will range between 5% and 8% over applicable LIBOR.  

Second
Lien Debt . Second lien debt will be structured as junior, secured loans, with second priority liens on an issuer s assets.
These loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization
deferred until loan maturity. Under market conditions as of the date of this filing, we expect that the interest rate on second
lien loans will generally range between 8% and 12% over applicable LIBOR.  

Unitranche
Debt . Unitranche debt typically will be structured as first lien loans with certain risk characteristics of mezzanine debt.
Unitranche debt typically provides for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the debt, with the majority of the principal
payment deferred until loan maturity. Since unitranche debt generally allows the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of
principal at the end of the loan term, there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the
amount owed at maturity. In some cases, we will be the sole lender, or we together with our affiliates will be the sole lender,
of unitranche debt, which can provide us with more influence interacting with a borrower in terms of monitoring and, if necessary,
remediation in the event of underperformance. Under market conditions as of the date of this filing, we expect that the interest
rate on unitranche debt will range between 8% and 12% over applicable LIBOR.  

-  6  - 

Mezzanine
Debt    

Mezzanine
debt, including senior unsecured and subordinated loans, will not be secured by any collateral and will be effectively subordinated
to the borrower s secured indebtedness (to the extent of the collateral securing such indebtedness), including pursuant
to one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with holders of a borrower s senior debt. Under market conditions
as of the date of this filing, we expect the interest rate on mezzanine debt will generally range between 12% and 16%.  

Senior
Unsecured Loans . Senior unsecured loans will be structured as loans that rank senior in right of payment to any of the borrower s
unsecured indebtedness that is contractually subordinated to such loans. These loans generally provide for fixed interest rates
and amortize evenly over the term of the loan. Senior unsecured loans are generally less volatile than subordinated loans due
to their priority to creditors over subordinated loans. Under market conditions as of the date of this filing, we expect the interest
rate on senior unsecured loans will generally range between 10% and 14%.  

Subordinated
Loans . Subordinated loans will be structured as unsecured, subordinated loans that provide for relatively high, fixed interest
rates that provide us with significant current interest income. These loans typically will have interest-only payments (often
representing a combination of cash pay and PIK interest) in the early years, with amortization of principal deferred to maturity.
Subordinated loans generally allow the borrower to make a large lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term, and
there is a risk of loss if the borrower is unable to pay the lump sum or refinance the amount owed at maturity. Subordinated loans
are generally more volatile than secured loans and may involve a greater risk of loss of principal. Subordinated loans often include
a PIK feature, which effectively operates as negative amortization of loan principal, thereby increasing credit risk exposure
over the life of the loan. Under market conditions as of the date of this filing, we expect the interest rate on subordinated
loans will generally range between 11% and 17%.  

Equity
Securities    

In
connection with some of our debt investments, we will also invest in preferred or common stock or receive nominally priced warrants
or options to buy an equity interest in the portfolio company. As a result, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may
achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We may structure such equity investments and warrants to include
provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as a  put,  or right to sell such securities
back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to obtain registration rights in
connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and  piggyback  registration rights.  

Invested
Industries    

We
invest in portfolio companies in a variety of different industries where some aspect of tangible or intangible assets are available
for collateral protection. Our portfolio contains investments in the Casual Dining, Business Services, Manufacturing, Energy Services,
Nickel Pipe, Fittings and Flanges to the Specialty Chemical Industry and Real Estate industries as well as others. However, these
industries are not our only focus and we seek investments across a broad range of industries to diversify the portfolio and minimize
risk within any specific industry. As of December 31, 2015, our three largest industry concentrations as a percentage of net assets
has been 21.52% in Casual Dining, 19.09% in Nickel Pipe, Fittings and Flanges to the Specialty Chemical Industry and 16.75% in
Real Estate Development.  

Investment
Process    

Through
the resources of Princeton Investment Advisors, we have access to significant research resources, experienced investment professionals,
internal information systems and a credit analysis framework and investment process. Princeton Investment Advisors has designed
a highly involved and interactive investment management process, which is the core of its culture and the basis for what we believe
is a strong track record of investment returns. The investment process seeks to select only those investments which it believes
have the most attractive risk/reward characteristics. The process involves several levels of review and is coordinated in an effort
to identify risks in potential investments. Princeton Investment Advisors will apply its expertise to screen many of our investment
opportunities as described below. This rigorous process combined with our broad origination capabilities have allowed the Princeton
Investment Advisors team to be prudent in selecting opportunities in which to make an investment. From  

-  7  - 

2006
through 2014, the Princeton Investment Advisors  team reviewed over 750 transactions, which resulted in 13 investments,
or approximately 1.7% of total investments reviewed.  

All
potential investment opportunities undergo an initial informal review by Princeton Investment Advisors  investment professionals.
Each potential investment opportunity that an investment professional determines merits investment consideration will be presented
and evaluated at a weekly meeting in which Princeton Investment Advisors  investment professionals discuss the merits and
risks of a potential investment opportunity as well as the due diligence process and the pricing and structure. If Princeton Investment
Advisors  investment professionals believe an investment opportunity merits further review, the deal team will prepare and
present to the investment committee for initial review a prescreen memorandum that generally describes the potential transaction
and includes a description of the risks, due diligence process and proposed structure and pricing for the proposed investment
opportunity.  

Prior
to making an investment, Princeton Investment Advisors conducts a rigorous diligence on each investment opportunity. In connection
with its due diligence on a potential investment opportunity, Princeton Investment Advisors utilizes its internal diligence resources
which include its internally developed credit analytical framework, subscriptions to third party research resources, discussions
with industry experts, internal information sharing systems, and the analytical expertise of its investment professionals. Princeton
Investment Advisors will typically review the company s historical financials; industry drivers and outlook, competitive
threats, customer concentration, asset coverage, projected financials, and credit metrics; management background checks; and,
if applicable, the track record and funding capabilities of the private equity sponsor.  

Upon
review of the prescreen memorandum, if the investment committee determines to proceed with the review of an investment opportunity,
the deal team will continue its diligence and deal structuring plans, and prepare a credit approval memorandum for review by the
investment committee. The credit approval memorandum, updates the prescreen memorandum with more deal specific detail, including
an update to the diligence process and any changes in the structure and pricing of the proposed investment. Upon unanimous approval
by the investment committee of the proposed investment as presented in the credit approval memorandum, the Chief Investment Officer
will review any amendments before finalizing and closing negotiations with the prospective portfolio company.  

Investment
Committee    

Each
new investment opportunity is unanimously approved by Princeton Investment Advisors  investment committee. Follow-on investments
in existing portfolio companies will require the investment committee s approval beyond that obtained when the initial investment
in the company was made. In addition, temporary investments, such as those in cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and
other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less, may require approval by the investment committee. The purpose
of Princeton Investment Advisors  investment committee, which is provided under the Investment Advisory Agreement, is to
evaluate and approve all of our investments, subject at all times to the oversight and approval of our board of directors. The
investment committee process is intended to bring the diverse experience and perspectives of the committee s members to
the analysis and consideration of each investment. As of December 31, 2015, the investment committee consisted of Alfred Jackson
and Munish Sood. Refer to Note 11 in the Notes to financial statements for further information. The investment committee serves
to provide investment consistency and adherence to our core investment philosophy and policies. The investment committee also
determines appropriate investment sizing and suggests ongoing monitoring requirements.  

In
addition to reviewing investments, investment committee meetings serve as a forum to discuss credit views and outlooks. Potential
transactions and deal flow are reviewed on a regular basis. Members of the investment team are encouraged to share information
and views on credits with the investment committee early in their analysis. We believe this process improves the quality of the
analysis and assists the deal team members to work more efficiently.  

We
expect that each transaction will be presented to the investment committee in a formal written report. All of our new investments
will require unanimous approval by the investment committee. Each member of the investment committee performs a similar role for
other accounts managed by Princeton Investment Advisors. In certain instances, our board of directors may also determine that
its approval is required prior to the making of an investment.  

-  8  - 

Monitoring
Investments    

In
most cases, we do not have board of directors  influence over portfolio companies. In some instances, Princeton Investment
Advisors  investment professionals may obtain board of directors representation or observation rights in conjunction with
our investments. Princeton Investment Advisors will take an active approach in monitoring all investments, including reviews of
financial performance on at least a quarterly basis and regular discussions with management. The monitoring process will begin
with structuring terms and conditions which require the timely delivery and access to critical financial and business information
on portfolio companies.  

Specifically,
Princeton Investment Advisors  monitoring system will consist of the following activities:  

Regular
Investment Committee Updates . Key portfolio company developments will be discussed each week as part of the standard investment
committee agenda.  

Written
Reports . The deal teams will provide written updates as appropriate for key events that impact portfolio company performance
or valuation. In addition, deal teams will provide written updates following each portfolio company board of directors meeting.  

Quarterly
Full Portfolio Review . Princeton Investment Advisor s chief investment officer and chief compliance officer will perform
a quarterly comprehensive review of every portfolio company with the deal teams. This process will include a written performance
and valuation update, and credit-specific discussion on each of our portfolio companies. In addition, pursuant to our valuation
policy, quarterly valuations are reviewed by our independent third party valuation firm.  

As
part of the monitoring process, Princeton Investment Advisors will also track developments in the broader marketplace. Princeton
Investment Advisors  investment professionals have a wealth of information on the competitive landscape, industry trends,
relative valuation metrics, and analyses that will assist in the execution of our investment strategy. In addition, Princeton
Investment Advisors  extensive communications with brokers and dealers allow its investment professionals to monitor market
and industry trends that could affect portfolio investments. Princeton Investment Advisors may provide ongoing strategic, financial
and operational guidance to some portfolio companies either directly or by recommending its investment professionals or other
experienced representatives to participate on the board of directors. Princeton Investment Advisors maintains a vast network of
strategic and operational advisors to call upon for industry expertise or to supplement existing management teams.  

Asset
Quality    

In
addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, Princeton Investment Advisors uses an investment rating system to characterize
and monitor the quality of our debt investment portfolio. Equity securities and Treasury Bills are not graded. This debt investment
rating system uses a five-level numeric scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment
rating:  

Investment
        
      Rating    
          
       Summary
    Description    

1  
          
      Investments
    that are performing above expectations, and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the
    original investment.   

2  
          
      Investments
    that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original
    investment. All new loans will initially be rated 2.   

3  
          
      Investments
    that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected.
    Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with financial covenants.   

4   
          
      Investments
    that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment.
    These investments are often in work out. Investments with a rating of 4 will be those for which some loss of return but no
    loss of principal is expected.   

5  
          
      Investments
    that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment.
    These investments are almost always in work out. Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and
    principal is expected.   

-  9  - 

Determination
of Net Asset Value    

We
will determine the net asset value of our investment portfolio each quarter. Securities that are publicly-traded will be valued
at the reported closing price on the valuation date. Securities that are not publicly-traded will be valued at fair value as determined
in good faith by our board of directors.  

The
Accounting Standards Codification under Topic 820, or ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value for accounting purposes
and requires companies to expand their disclosure about the use of fair value to measure assets and liabilities in interim and
annual periods subsequent to initial recognition. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received from the
sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
ASC Topic 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These
tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, which includes inputs such
as quoted prices for similar securities in active markets and quoted prices for identical securities where there is little or
no activity in the market; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring
an entity to develop its own assumptions.  

The
Company establishes valuation processes and procedures to ensure that the valuation techniques for investments that are categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are fair, consistent, and verifiable. The Company s board of directors designates
a Valuation Committee (the  Committee ) to oversee the entire valuation process of the Company s Level 3 investments.
The Committee is comprised of independent directors and reports to the Company s board of directors. The Committee is responsible
for developing the Company s written valuation processes and procedures, conducting periodic reviews of the valuation policies,
and evaluating the overall fairness and consistent application of the valuation policies.  

The
Committee meets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as needed, to determine the valuations of the Company s Level 3
investments. Valuations determined by the Committee are required to be supported by market data, third-party pricing sources,
industry accepted pricing models, counterparty prices, or other methods that the Committee deems to be appropriate.  

The
Company will periodically test its valuations of Level 3 investments through performing back testing of the sales of such investments
by comparing the amounts realized against the most recent fair values reported, and if necessary, uses the findings to recalibrate
its valuation procedures. On a quarterly basis, the Company engages the services of a nationally recognized third-party valuation
firm to perform an independent valuation of the Company s Level 3 investments.  

Determination
of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our financial statements refer to the uncertainty
with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations on our financial statements. Below is
a description of factors that our board of directors may consider when valuing our equity and debt investments.  

Valuation
of fixed income investments, such as loans and debt securities, depends upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest
rates for like securities, expected volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms
of the debt. For investments without readily available market prices, we will incorporate these factors into discounted cash flow
models to arrive at fair value. Other factors that our board will consider include the borrower s ability to adequately
service its debt, the fair market value of the portfolio company in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the
quality of collateral securing our debt investments.  

Our
equity interests in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market are valued at fair value. The board of directors,
in its analysis of fair value, may consider various factors, such as multiples of EBITDA, cash flows, net income, revenues or
in limited instances book value or liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments based upon the particular
circumstances of a portfolio company or our actual investment position. For  

-  10  - 

example,
adjustments to EBITDA may take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or
other related items.  

We
may also look to private merger and acquisition statistics, public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors,
valuations implied by third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. We may
also consider the size and scope of a portfolio company and its specific strengths and weaknesses, as well as any other factors
we deem relevant in assessing the value. Generally, the value of our equity interests in public companies for which market quotations
are readily available is based upon the most recent closing public market price. Portfolio securities that carry certain restrictions
on sale are typically valued at a discount from the public market value of the security.  

Realization
of Investments    

The
potential exit scenarios of a portfolio company will play an important role in evaluating investment decisions. As such, Princeton
Investment Advisors will formulate specific exit strategies at the time of investment. Our debt-orientation will provide for increased
potential exit opportunities, including (a) the sale of investments in the private markets, (b) the refinancing of investments
held, often due to maturity or recapitalizations, and (c) other liquidity events including the sale or merger of the portfolio
company. Since we seek to maintain a debt orientation in our investments, we expect to receive interest income over the course
of the investment period, receiving a significant return on invested capital well in advance of final exit.  

Managerial
Assistance    

As
a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve
monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board of directors and management meetings, consulting
with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Our Administrator
will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We may receive fees
for these services and will reimburse our Administrator for its allocated costs in providing such assistance, subject to the review
by our board of directors, including our independent directors. See  Management Agreements   Administration Agreement.   

Competition    

Our
primary competitors in providing financing to small and lower middle-market companies include public and private funds, other
BDC s, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form
of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that
are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which
could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our
competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and
other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company or  RIC . We did
not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2015 tax year.  

We
expect to use the expertise of the investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors to which we will have access to assess
investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we expect that the
relationships of the investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively
for, financing opportunities with attractive small and lower middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest.
For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see  Risk Factors   Risks Relating to our Business
and Structure   We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result
in losses.   

Employees   

We
do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by Princeton Investment Advisors. We have
a chief executive officer and president, chief financial officer and chief compliance officer. To the extent necessary, our board
of directors may hire additional personnel going forward. Our officers are employees of  

-  11  - 

Princeton
Investment Advisors and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief executive officer and president, chief financial officer
and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs is paid by us pursuant to the administration agreement (the  Administration
Agreement ) that we have entered into with PCC Administrator LLC, our Administrator. Our Administrator is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Management
Agreements   

Princeton
Investment Advisors serves as our investment advisor and is registered as an investment advisor under the 1940 Act.  

Investment
Advisory Agreement    

Subject
to the overall supervision of our board of directors and in accordance with the 1940 Act, Princeton Investment Advisors manages
our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement,
Princeton Investment Advisors:  

determines
    the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such
    changes;   

identifies,
    evaluate and negotiates the structure of the investments we make;   

executes,
    closes, services and monitors the investments we make;   

determines
    the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell;   

performs
    due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and   

provides
    us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for
    the investment of our funds.   

Pursuant
to the Investment Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay Princeton Investment Advisors a fee for investment advisory and management
services consisting of two components   a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of both the base management
fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders.  

Management
Fee    

The
base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75% of our gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds
or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents. For services rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement,
the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our
gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. Base management
fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated.  

Incentive
Fee    

We
will pay Princeton Investment Advisors an incentive fee. The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of
each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not.  

The
first component, which is income-based, will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, commencing with the quarter beginning
April 1, 2015, based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose,
pre-incentive fee net investment income means, in each case on a consolidated basis, interest income, distribution income and
any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination,
structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar
quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration
Agreement, any interest  

-  12  - 

expense
and any dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net
investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation.  

The
operation of the first component of the incentive fee for each quarter is as follows:  

no
    incentive fee is payable to our investment advisor in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income
    does not exceed the hurdle rate of 2.00% (8.00% annualized);   

100%
    of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income,
    if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.50% in any calendar quarter (10.00% annualized) is payable to our
    investment advisor. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate
    but is less than 2.50%) as the  catch-up.  The effect of the  catch-up  provision is that, if such
    pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.50% in any calendar quarter, our investment advisor will receive 20% of
    such pre-incentive fee net investment income as if the hurdle rate did not apply; and   

20%
    of the amount of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.50% in any calendar quarter (10.00%
    annualized) is payable to our investment advisor (once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved).   

The
portion of such incentive fee that is attributable to deferred interest (such as PIK interest or original issue discount) will
be paid to our investment advisor, together with interest from the date of deferral to the date of payment, only if and to the
extent we actually receive such interest in cash, and any accrual will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed
in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual. Any reversal
of such amounts would reduce net income for the quarter by the net amount of the reversal (after taking into account the reversal
of incentive fees payable) and would result in a reduction and possibly elimination of the incentive fees for such quarter.  

There
is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and, accordingly, there is no clawback of amounts previously
paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the
quarterly hurdle rate. Since the hurdle rate is fixed, as interest rates rise, it will be easier for our investment advisor to
surpass the hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on pre-incentive fee net investment income.  

Our
net investment income used to calculate this component of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our consolidated
gross assets used to calculate the 1.75% base management fee. These calculations will be appropriately prorated for any period
of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter.  

The
following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income-based component of the incentive fee:  

Quarterly
Incentive Fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income    

   (expressed
as a percentage of the value of net assets)   

Percentage
of pre-incentive fee net investment income allocated to first component of incentive fee   

The
second component, the capital gains component of the incentive fee, will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of
each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing on December
31, 2015, and will equal 20% of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from January 1st through the end of that calendar
year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and  

-  13  - 

our
aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously
paid capital gains incentive fees. If such amount is negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year.
Additionally, if the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination
date will be treated as though it were a calendar year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive
fee. The capital gains component of the incentive fee is not subject to any minimum return to stockholders.  

Because
of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur a loss. For
example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate, we will pay the applicable incentive
fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses.  

Examples
of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation   

Example
1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee (*):   

Alternative
1   

Assumptions   

Investment
income (including interest, distributions, fees, etc.) = 1.25%   

  Hurdle
rate (1)  = 2.00%   

  Base
management fee (2)  = 0.4375%   

  Other
expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)  = 0.25%   

  Pre-incentive
fee net investment income   

  (investment
income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 0.5625%  

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate, therefore there is no incentive fee.  

Alternative
2   

Assumptions   

Investment
income (including interest, distributions, fees, etc.) = 2.70%   

  Hurdle
rate (1)  = 2.00%   

  Base
management fee (2)  = 0.4375%   

  Other
expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)  = 0.25%   

  Pre-incentive
fee net investment income   

  (investment
income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.0125%  

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, therefore there is an incentive fee.  

Incentive
fee = (100% x  Catch-Up ) + (the greater of 0%  AND  (20% x (pre-incentive fee net investment income - 2.50%))  

=
(100.0% x (pre-incentive fee net investment income   2.00%)) + 0%   

  =
100.0% x (2.0125% - 2.00%)   

  =
100.0% x 0.0125%   

  =
0.0125%  

Alternative
3   

Assumptions   

Investment
income (including interest, distributions, fees, etc.) = 3.00%   

  Hurdle
rate (1)  = 2.00%  

-  14  - 

Base
management fee (2)  = 0.4375%   

  Other
expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3)  = 0.25%   

  Pre-incentive
fee net investment income   

  (investment
income - (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.3125%  

Pre-incentive
fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, therefore there is an incentive fee.  

Incentive
fee = (100% x  Catch-Up ) + (the greater of 0%  AND  (20% x (pre-incentive fee net investment income - 2.50%))  

=
(100%   (2.50% - 2.00%)) + (20.0%   (2.3125% - 2.50%))   

  =
0.50% + (20.0%   0%)   

  =
0.50% + 0%   

  =
0.45%  

(*)  
      The
    hypothetical amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of net assets.   
 
      (1)  
      Represents
    8.00% annualized hurdle rate.   
 
      (2)  
      Represents
    1.75% annualized base management fee.   
 
      (3)  
      Excludes
    organizational and offering expenses.   

Example
2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee:   

Alternative
1:   

Assumptions   

Year
    1: $20 million investment made in Company A ( Investment A ), and $30 million investment made in Company B ( Investment
    B )   

Year
    2: Investment A sold for $50 million and fair market value, or FMV, of Investment B determined to be $32 million   

Year
    3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million   

Year
    4: Investment B sold for $31 million   

The
capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be:  

Year
    1: None   

Year
    2: Capital gains incentive fee of $6.0 million ($30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20.0%)   

Year
    3: None; $5.0 million (20.0% multiplied by ($30 million cumulative capital gains less $5.0 million cumulative capital depreciation))
    less $6.0 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2)   

Year
    4: Capital gains incentive fee of $200,000; $6.2 million ($31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20.0%)
    less $6.0 million (capital gains fee paid in Year 2)   

Alternative
2   

Assumptions   

Year
    1: $20 million investment made in Company A ( Investment A ), $30 million investment made in Company B ( Investment
    B ) and $25 million investment made in Company C ( Investment C )   

Year
    2: Investment A sold for $50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be $25 million and FMV of Investment C determined
    to be $25 million   

Year
    3: FMV of Investment B determined to be $27 million and Investment C sold for $30 million   

Year
    4: FMV of Investment B determined to be $35 million   

Year
    5: Investment B sold for $20 million   

-  15  - 

The
capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be:  

Year
    1: None   

Year
    2: Capital gains incentive fee of $5.0 million; 20.0% multiplied by $25 million ($30 million realized capital gains on Investment
    A less $5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B)   

Year
    3: Capital gains incentive fee of $1.4 million; $6.4 million (20.0% multiplied by $32 million ($35 million cumulative realized
    capital gains less $3 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B)) less $5.0 million (capital gains fee received
    in Year 2)   

Year
    4: None   

Year
    5: None; $5.0 million of capital gains incentive fee (20.0% multiplied by $25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of
    $35 million less realized capital losses of $10 million)) less $6.4 million (cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 and
    Year 3)   

Payment
of Our Expenses    

All
investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services
to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, will be provided and
paid for by Princeton Investment Advisors and not by us. We will bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations
and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to:  

calculating
    our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any third party independent valuation firm);   

fees
    and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal
    affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise
    relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments;   

interest
    payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts;   

offerings
    of our common stock and other securities;   

base
    management and incentive fees;   

administration
    fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including our allocable portion of Princeton Investment
    Advisors  overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable
    portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs);   

transfer
    agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses;   

U.S.
    federal and state registration fees;   

all
    costs of registration and listing our stock on any securities exchange;   

U.S.
    federal, state and local taxes;   

independent
    directors  fees and expenses;   

costs
    of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators;   

costs
    of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs;   

costs
    and fees associated with any fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other
    insurance premiums;   

-  16  - 

direct
    costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other
    staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs;   

proxy
    voting expenses; and   

all
    other expenses incurred by us or Princeton Investment Advisors in connection with administering our business.   

Duration
and Termination    

Unless
terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for a period of two years from
its effective date, March 13, 2015. It will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by our board of
directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if
also approved by a majority of our directors who are not  interested persons.  The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically
terminates in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by Princeton Investment Advisors and may be terminated
by either party without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding
voting securities may also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days  written notice.  

Effective
on June 9, 2016, the board of directors of the Company approved the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement between the
Company and Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Indemnification    

The
Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their
duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Princeton
Investment Advisors and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person
or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Princeton Investment
Advisors  services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment advisor.  

Board
of Directors  Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement    

Our
board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at its meeting,
held on March 13, 2015. In its consideration of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the board of directors focused on information
it had received relating to, among other things:  

the
                                         nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by
                                         our investment adviser;    

comparative
                                         data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDC s with
                                         similar investment objectives;    

our
                                         projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDC s with similar investment
                                         objectives;    

any
                                         existing and potential sources of indirect income to our investment adviser from its
                                         relationships with us and the profitability of those relationships;    

information
                                         about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the
                                         Investment Advisory Agreement; the organizational capability and financial condition
                                         of our investment adviser;    

and
                                         various other factors.    

Based
on the information reviewed and the discussions, the board of directors, including a majority of the non-interested directors,
concluded that the investment management fee rates and terms are reasonable in relation to the services to be provided and approved
the Investment Advisory Agreement as being in the best interests of our stockholders.  

-  17  - 

Administration
Agreement    

The
Administration Agreement provides that our Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provide us with
clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement,
our Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include being responsible
for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports and
other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, our Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value,
oversee the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to our
stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services
rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator will also provide managerial assistance on our
behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance.  

Payments
under the Administration Agreement will be equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review of our board
of directors) of our Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including
rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief
financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. In addition, if requested to provide significant managerial
assistance to our portfolio companies, our Administrator will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided, which
shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration Agreement
will have an initial term of two years and may be renewed with the approval of our board of directors. The Administration Agreement
may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the other party. To the extent that our
Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any
incremental profit to the Administrator. Stockholder approval is not required to amend the Administration Agreement.  

Sub-Administration
Agreement   

The
Administrator has engaged Conifer Asset Solutions LLC (the  Sub-Administrator ) to provide certain administrative
services to us. In exchange for provided such services, the Administrator pays Conifer an asset-based fee with a $200,000 annual
minimum as adjusted for any reimbursement of expenses. This asset-based fee will vary depending upon our gross assets, as adjusted,
as follows:  

Indemnification    

The
Administration Agreement provides that, absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance
of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our Administrator, its affiliates and their
respective directors, officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or
entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Administrator s
services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our Administrator.  

License
Agreement    

We
have entered into a license agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors under which Princeton Investment Advisors has agreed
to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name  Princeton.  Under this agreement, we have a right
to use the  Princeton  name for so long as Princeton Investment Advisors or one of its affiliates remains our investment
advisor. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the  

-  18  - 

Princeton 
name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with Princeton Investment
Advisors is in effect.  

Securities
Exchange Act Reports    

We
maintain a website at www.princetoncapitalcorp.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual
report on Form 10-K.  

We
make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC
in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the  Exchange Act.  These include our annual reports on
Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website
free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC.  

Regulation
as a BDC    

We
are a BDC under the 1940 Act and intend to elect to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
(the  Code .) The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDC s and
their affiliates (including any investment advisors), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters
and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than  interested persons,  as that term is defined
in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or
to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities.  

We
may invest up to 100% of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect
to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an  underwriter  as that term is defined in
the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly
traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated
with interest rate fluctuations. However, we may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio
companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may
acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances.
We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under
these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3% of the voting stock of any registered investment company, invest more than
5% of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10% of the value of our total
assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities
issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses.
None of these policies is fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval upon 60 days  prior written notice
to stockholders.  

Qualifying
Assets    

Under
the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are
referred to as  qualifying assets,  unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least
70% of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our proposed business are the
following:  

(1)     
      Securities
    purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain
    limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months,
    an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed
    by the SEC. Under the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder,  eligible portfolio companies  include (1) private domestic
    operating companies, (2) public domestic operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange
    ( e.g. , the New York Stock Exchange) or registered under the Exchange Act, and (3) public domestic operating companies
    having a market capitalization of less than $250 million. Public domestic operating companies whose securities are quoted
    on the over-the-counter bulletin board or through Pink Sheets LLC are not listed on a national securities exchange and    

-  19  - 

therefore are eligible
    portfolio companies.   

(2)     
      Securities
    of any eligible portfolio company which we control.   

(3)     
      Securities
    purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from a person who is or has been,
    within the past 13 months, an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction,
    if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities,
    was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing
    arrangements.   

(4)     
      Securities
    of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities
    and we already own 60% of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company.   

(5)     
      Securities
    received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants
    or rights relating to such securities.   

(6)     
      Cash,
    cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date
    of investment.   

The
regulations defining qualifying assets may change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or
take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area.  

Managerial
Assistance to Portfolio Companies    

In
order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70% test, a BDC must either control the issuer
of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance. However,
when the BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the
group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the
BDC, through its directors, officers, employees or agents, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance
and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Princeton Investment
Advisors will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance.  

Temporary
Investments    

Pending
investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S.
government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of
investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70% of our assets are qualifying assets or temporary
investments. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as the agreements are fully
collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase
by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon
future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There
is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more
than 25% of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification
Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase
agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Princeton Investment Advisors will monitor the creditworthiness
of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions.  

Senior
Securities    

We
are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common
stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 200% immediately after each such issuance. In addition,
while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the
repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset  

-  20  - 

coverage
ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our total assets for
temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. A loan will be considered temporary if it is repaid within sixty
days and is not extended or renewed. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see  Risk Factors   Risks
Relating to our Business and Structure   Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the
way in which we, raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including
the typical risks associated with leverage.   

Common
Stock     

We
are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our
common stock at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale
is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at
which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our board of directors,
closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). A proposal, approved
by our stockholders at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 6, 2015, authorizes us to sell shares equal to up to
25% of our outstanding common stock below the then current net asset value per share of our common stock in one or more offerings
for the period ending on March 13, 2016. We would need similar future approval from our stockholders to issue shares below the
then current net asset value per share any time after the expiration of the current approval. We may also make rights offerings
to our stockholders at prices per share less than the net asset value per share, subject to applicable requirements of the 1940
Act.  

Proxy
Voting Policies and Procedures    

We
have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to Princeton Investment Advisors. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of Princeton
Investment Advisors are set out below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by Princeton Investment Advisors and our directors
who are not  interested persons,  and, accordingly, are subject to change.  

Introduction   

As
an investment advisor registered under the Advisers Act, Princeton Investment Advisors has a fiduciary duty to act solely in our
best interests. As part of this duty, Princeton Investment Advisors recognizes that it must vote our securities in a timely manner
free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors  policies and procedures for voting proxies for its investment advisory clients are intended to comply
with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act.  

Proxy
Policies   

Princeton
Investment Advisors votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives, at that time, to be the best interest
of our stockholders. Princeton Investment Advisors reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote
to assess the effect on the portfolio securities we hold. In most cases Princeton Investment Advisors will vote in favor of proposals
that Princeton Investment Advisors believes are likely to increase the value of the portfolio securities and vote against proposals
that may have a negative effect on our portfolio securities. Notwithstanding this, the foregoing does not restrict or limit Princeton
Investment Advisors from voting as it determines to be appropriate.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors has established a proxy voting committee and adopted proxy voting guidelines and related procedures. The proxy
voting committee establishes proxy voting guidelines and procedures, oversees the internal proxy voting process, and reviews proxy
voting issues. To ensure that Princeton Investment Advisors  vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, Princeton
Investment Advisors requires that (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer
any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a
proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision-making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how
Princeton Investment Advisors intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties.
Where conflicts of  

-  21  - 

interest
may be present, Princeton Investment Advisors will disclose such conflicts to us, including our independent directors and may
request guidance from us on how to vote such proxies.  

Proxy
Voting Records   

You
may obtain information about how Princeton Investment Advisors voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information
to: Princeton Capital Corporation, 700 Alexander Park, Suite 103, Princeton, NJ 08540, or by calling us collect at (609) 514-9200.  

Privacy
Principles   

We
are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. The following
information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why,
in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties.  

Generally,
we do not receive any nonpublic personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain nonpublic personal information
of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our stockholders or
former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example,
to a transfer agent or third-party administrator).  

We
restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our stockholders to employees of Princeton Investment Advisors and its
affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed
to protect the nonpublic personal information of our stockholders.  

Other   

We
are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and
embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or
our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in
the conduct of such person s office.  

We
and Princeton Investment Advisors will each be required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed
to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and
the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies
and procedures.  

We
may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the
prior approval of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The SEC
has interpreted the BDC prohibition on transactions with affiliates to prohibit all  joint transactions  between,
among other things, entities that share a common investment advisor. The staff of the SEC has granted no-action relief permitting
purchases of a single class of privately placed securities provided that the advisor negotiates no term other than price and certain
other conditions are met.  

Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002    

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these
requirements affect us. For example:  

pursuant
    to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy
    of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports;   

pursuant
    to Item 307 under Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure
    controls and procedures;   

pursuant
    to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal
    control over financial reporting; and   

-  22  - 

pursuant
    to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were
    significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect
    these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any  remedial actions with regard to significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses.   

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the regulations promulgated under such act. We will continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted
under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and will take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance with that act.  

Taxation
as a Regulated Investment Company    

The
Company will be taxed as a C corporation and subject to federal and state corporation income taxes for its 2015 taxable year.
As a BDC, we intend to qualify for the 2016 tax year to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally
do not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends.
To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements
(as described below). In addition, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our  investment
company taxable income,  which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains
over our realized net long-term capital losses (the  Annual Distribution Requirement ).  

For
any taxable year in which we:  

qualify
    as a RIC; and   

satisfy
    the Annual Distribution Requirement;   

we
will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders.
We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or
deemed distributed) to our stockholders.  

We
will be subject to a 4% nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on our undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner
an amount at least equal to the sum of (a) 98% of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (b) 98.2% of our capital gain
net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (c) any income realized, but not distributed, in
the preceding year and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. For this purpose,
however, any net ordinary income or capital gain net income retained by us that is subject to corporate income tax for the tax
year ending in that calendar year will be considered to have been distributed by year end (or earlier if estimated taxes are paid).
We currently intend to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to satisfy the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement.  

In
order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things:  

continue
    to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each year;   

derive
    in each taxable year at least 90% of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities
    loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing
    in such stock or securities, and net income derived from interests in  qualified publicly traded partnerships 
    (which generally are partnerships that are traded on an established securities market or tradable on a secondary market, other
    than partnerships that derive 90% of their income from interest, dividends and other permitted RIC income), or the 90% Income
    Test; and   

-  23  - 

diversify
    our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year:   

at
    least 50% of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs,
    and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5% of the value of our assets or
    more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and   

no
    more than 25% of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities
    of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us
    and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in the securities of one or more qualified
    publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests.   

We
may invest in partnerships, including qualified publicly traded partnerships, which may result in our being subject to state,
local or foreign income, franchise or withholding liabilities.  

We
may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations
that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or,
in certain cases, with increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the
original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received
by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable
income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution
Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. If we are not able to obtain sufficient cash
from other sources to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we may fail to maintain our qualification as a RIC and become
subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on all of our taxable income without the benefit of the dividends-paid deduction.  

Although
we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy (i) the Annual Distribution
Requirements and to otherwise eliminate our liability for U.S. federal income and excise taxes and/or (ii) the Diversification
Tests. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted in certain circumstances to make distributions to our stockholders while
our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain  asset coverage  tests are met. See
Item 1A.  Regulation as a BDC - Senior Securities.  Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet the Annual
Distribution Requirement, the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement or the Diversification Test may be limited by (a) the illiquid
nature of our portfolio and/or (b) other requirements relating to our qualifications as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests.
If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement or the Diversification
Tests, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous.  

Certain
of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things,
(a) treat dividends that would otherwise constitute qualified dividend income as non-qualified dividend income, (b) treat dividends
that would otherwise be eligible for the corporate dividends received deduction as ineligible for such treatment, (c) disallow,
suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (d) convert lower-taxed long term capital gain into
higher-taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (e) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the
deductibility of which is more limited), (f) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (g)
adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (h) adversely alter the characterization
of certain complex financial transactions and (i) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90% Income
Test. We intend to monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections to mitigate the effect of these provisions and
prevent our disqualification as a RIC.  

Gain
or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will
be treated as capital gain or loss. Such capital gain or loss generally will be long term or short term, depending on how long
we held a particular warrant. Some of the income and fees that we may recognize will not satisfy the 90% Income Test. In order
to ensure that such income and fees do not disqualify us as a RIC for a failure to satisfy the 90% Income Test, we may hold assets
that generate such income and provide services that generate such fees indirectly through one or more entities treated as corporations
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such corporations will be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income tax on their earnings,
which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees.  

-  24  - 

If
we are unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and if certain remedial provisions are not available, we would be subject to
tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor
would they be required to be made. Distributions, including distributions of net long-term capital gain, would generally be taxable
to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to
certain limitations under the Code, corporate stockholders would be eligible to claim a dividends received deduction with respect
to such distributions, non-corporate stockholders would be able to treat such dividend income as  qualified dividend income, 
which is subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings
and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining
distributions would be treated as a capital gain. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years,
to requalify as a RIC in a subsequent year we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to
certain of our assets (i.e., the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have
been realized with respect to such assets if we had been liquidated) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized
over the next ten years (or shorter applicable period). The remainder of this discussion assumes that we will maintain our qualification
as a RIC and will satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement.  

Item
1A. RISK FACTORS    

Investing
in our securities involves a number of significant risks. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware of various
risks, including those described below. You should carefully consider these risk factors, together with all of the other information
included in this annual report on Form 10-K, before you decide whether to make an investment in our securities. The risks set
out below are the principal risks with respect to an investment in our securities generally and with respect to a BDC with investment
objectives, investment policies, capital structures or trading markets similar to ours. However, they may not be the only risks
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us may also impair our
operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value and the trading price of our securities
could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment.   

Risks
Relating to our Business and Structure   

Neither
we nor Princeton Investment Advisors has ever operated as or advised a BDC or a RIC, and we may not be able to operate our business
successfully or generate sufficient revenue to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders.    

We were formed as a Maryland corporation
in July 2013 and did not maintain any business operations since our formation until March 13, 2015, the date of the acquisition
transaction. As a result of our limited operating history, we are subject to the business risks and uncertainties associated with
recently formed businesses, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of your investment
could decline substantially.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors has never managed a BDC. The 1940 Act and the Code impose numerous constraints on the operations of BDC s
and RICs that do not apply to other investment vehicles. BDC s are required, for example, to invest at least 70% of their
total assets primarily in securities of U.S. private or thinly traded public companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government
securities and other high-quality debt instruments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. Moreover, qualification
for taxation as a RIC requires satisfaction of source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements. Neither
we nor Princeton Investment Advisors has any experience operating or advising under these constraints, which may hinder our ability
to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and to achieve our investment objective.  

-  25  - 

We
are dependent upon key personnel of Princeton Investment Advisors for our future success. If Princeton Investment Advisors were
to lose any of its key personnel, our ability to achieve our investment objective could be significantly harmed.    

We
will depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors
to achieve our investment objective. We expect that Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team will evaluate, negotiate,
structure, close and monitor our investments in accordance with the terms of our Investment Advisory Agreement. We can offer no
assurance, however, that Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team will continue to provide investment advice to us.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors  investment committee, which provides oversight over our investment activities, is provided to us by
Princeton Investment Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Princeton Investment Advisors  investment committee
consists of Alfred Jackson and Munish Sood. The loss of any member of Princeton Investment Advisors  investment committee
would limit our ability to achieve our investment objective and operate as we anticipate. This could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Our
business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships. Any inability of Princeton Investment Advisors
to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could
adversely affect our business.    

We
depend upon Princeton Investment Advisors to maintain its relationships with private equity sponsors, placement agents, investment
banks, management groups, financial institutions and other service providers, and we expect to rely to a significant extent upon
these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If Princeton Investment Advisors fails to maintain
such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we will not be able to grow
our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom Princeton Investment Advisors has relationships are not obligated
to provide us with investment opportunities, and we can offer no assurance that these relationships will generate investment opportunities
for us in the future.  

Our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on our ability to manage our business effectively.    

For
the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, we had total operating expenses of $4,320,992 and $261,966, respectively.
Consequently, in 2015, prior to the March 13, 2015 transaction, and in 2014, we were required to sell shares of common stock of
Neuralstem, one of our portfolio companies, to raise the cash necessary to pay ongoing expenses. We sold 115,000 and 95,000 shares
of Neuralstem common stock in 2015 and 2014, respectively, to finance our operating costs, which resulted in proceeds of approximately
$251,324 and $368,137, respectively. After March 13, 2015, we relied upon interest payments from investments to support operating
expenses.  

Our
ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to manage our business and to grow our investments and
earnings. This will depend, in turn, on Princeton Investment Advisors ability to identify, invest in and monitor portfolio companies
that meet our investment criteria. The achievement of our investment objective on a cost-effective basis will depend upon Princeton
Investment Advisors execution of our investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to
us and, to a lesser extent, our access to financing on acceptable terms. Princeton Investment Advisors  investment team
will have substantial responsibilities in connection with the management of other investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles.
The personnel of Princeton Investment Advisors may be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies.
These activities may distract them from servicing new investment opportunities for us or slow our rate of investment. Any failure
to manage our business and our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.  

There
are significant potential conflicts of interest that could negatively affect our investment returns.    

The
members of Princeton Investment Advisors investment committee serve, or may serve, as officers, directors, members, or principals
of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do, or of investment funds, accounts, or investment vehicles
managed by Princeton Investment Advisors. Similarly, Princeton Investment Advisors may have other clients with similar, different
or competing investment objectives. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors
in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders.  

-  26  - 

We
intend to co-invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors where doing
so is consistent with our investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations. Without an exemptive order
from the SEC (as described below), we generally will only be permitted to co-invest with such investment funds, accounts and investment
vehicles when the only term that is negotiated is price. If we invest alongside other investment funds, accounts and investment
vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors, we expect to make such investments consistent with Princeton Investment Advisors 
allocation policy, which generally requires that each co-investment opportunity be allocated between us and the other investment
funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors pro rata based on each entity s capital
available for investment, as determined by Princeton Investment Advisors. We expect that available capital for our investments
will be determined based on the amount of cash on-hand, liquidity available under our financing arrangements, including the borrowing
capacity under any borrowing facility we enter into, existing commitments and reserves, if any, the targeted leverage level, targeted
asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment policies and restrictions set by our board of directors or as
imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations. In situations where co-investment alongside other investment
funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors, is not permitted or appropriate, such as when
there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, Princeton Investment Advisors will need to decide
whether we or such other entity or entities will proceed with the investment. Princeton Investment Advisors will make these determinations
based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such opportunities be offered to eligible accounts on an alternating
basis that will be fair and equitable over time. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, we will be unable to invest in any
issuer in which an investment fund, account or investment vehicle managed by Princeton Investment Advisors has previously invested.  

The
senior investment team and other investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors may, from time to time, possess material
non-public information, limiting our investment discretion.    

The
senior investment team and other investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors, including members of Princeton Investment
Advisors  investment committee, may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with portfolio companies in which we
invest, the securities of which are purchased or sold on our behalf. In the event that material nonpublic information is obtained
with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies
or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities
of such companies, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us.  

The
incentive fee structure we have with Princeton Investment Advisors may create incentives that are not fully aligned with the interests
of our stockholders.    

In
the course of our investing activities, we will pay management and incentive fees to Princeton Investment Advisors. We have entered
into an Investment Advisory Agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors that provides that these fees will be based on the value
of our gross assets. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net
basis after expenses, resulting in a lower rate of return than one might achieve through direct investments. Because these fees
are based on the value of our gross assets, Princeton Investment Advisors will benefit when we incur debt or use leverage. This
fee structure may encourage Princeton Investment Advisors to cause us to borrow money to finance additional investments. Under
certain circumstances, the use of borrowed money may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor our stockholders.  

Our
board of directors is charged with protecting our interests by monitoring how Princeton Investment Advisors addresses these and
other conflicts of interests associated with its management services and compensation. While our board of directors is not expected
to review or approve each investment decision, borrowing or incurrence of leverage, our independent directors will periodically
review Princeton Investment Advisors  services and fees as well as its portfolio management decisions and performance of
our portfolio. In connection with these reviews, our independent directors will consider whether our fees and expenses (including
those related to leverage) remain appropriate. As a result of this arrangement, Princeton Investment Advisors may from time to
time have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict.  

-  27  - 

Our
incentive fee may induce Princeton Investment Advisors to make speculative investments.    

Princeton
Investment Advisors will receive an incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. Unlike the
portion of the incentive fee that is based on income, there is no hurdle rate applicable to the portion of the incentive fee based
on net capital gains. Additionally, under the incentive fee structure, Princeton Investment Advisors may benefit when capital
gains are recognized and, because Princeton Investment Advisors will determine when to sell a holding, Princeton Investment Advisors
will control the timing of the recognition of such capital gains. As a result, our investment advisor may have a tendency to invest
more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income producing securities. Such a practice
could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment
losses, particularly during economic downturns.  

The
involvement of our interested directors in the valuation process may create conflicts of interest.    

We
expect to make many of our portfolio investments in the form of loans and securities that are not publicly traded and for which
no market based price quotation is available. As a result, our board of directors will determine the fair value of these loans
and securities in good faith as described below in    Our portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as
determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio
investments.  In connection with that determination, investment professionals from Princeton Investment Advisors may provide
our board of directors with valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected
financial results of each portfolio company. While the valuation for each portfolio investment will be reviewed quarterly by an
independent valuation firm, the ultimate determination of fair value will be made by our board of directors, including our interested
directors, and not by such third party valuation firm. In addition, Messrs. Jackson and Sood, each an interested member of our
board of directors, has a direct pecuniary interest in Princeton Investment Advisors. The participation of Princeton Investment
Advisors  investment professionals in our valuation process, and the pecuniary interest in Princeton Investment Advisors
by certain members of our board of directors, could result in a conflict of interest as Princeton Investment Advisors  management
fee is based, in part, on the value of our gross assets, and our incentive fees will be based, in part, on realized gains net
of realized and unrealized losses.  

There
are conflicts related to other arrangements with Princeton Investment Advisors.    

We
have entered into a license agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors under which Princeton Investment Advisors has agreed
to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name  Capital.  See  Management Agreements  
License Agreement.  In addition, we have entered into an Administration Agreement with PCC Administrator LLC pursuant to
which we are required to pay to the Administrator our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by our Administrator
in performing its obligations under such Administration Agreement, such as rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief
financial officer and chief compliance officer and his staff. This will create conflicts of interest that our board of directors
will monitor. For example, under the terms of the license agreement, we will be unable to preclude Princeton Investment Advisors
from licensing or transferring the ownership of the  Princeton  name to third parties, some of whom may compete against
us. Consequently, we will be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of Princeton
Investment Advisors or others. Furthermore, in the event the license agreement is terminated, we will be required to change our
name and cease using  Princeton  as part of our name. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the market
place, damage any goodwill we may have generated and otherwise harm our business.  

The
time and resources that Princeton Investment Advisors devote to us may be diverted, and we may face additional competition due
to the fact that Princeton Investment Advisors and its affiliates are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another
entity that makes the same types of investments that we target.    

Princeton
Investment Advisors and some of its affiliates, including our officers and our non-independent directors, are not prohibited from
raising money for, or managing, another investment entity that makes the same types of investments as those we target. For example,
Princeton Investment Advisors could seek to raise capital for a private credit fund that will have an investment strategy that
is identical to our investment strategy. We and Princeton Investment Advisors intend to seek exemptive relief from the SEC that
would establish a co-investment program with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment
Advisors; however, there can be no assurance if and when the SEC would grant such relief. In addition, we may compete with any
such investment entity for the same investors and investment opportunities.  

-  28  - 

Our
incentive fee arrangements with Princeton Investment Advisors may vary from those of other investment funds, accounts or investment
vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors, which may create an incentive for Princeton Investment Advisors to devote time
and resources to a higher fee-paying fund.    

If
Princeton Investment Advisors is paid a higher performance-based fee from any of its other funds, it may have an incentive to
devote more research and development or other activities, and/or recommend the allocation of investment opportunities, to such
higher fee-paying fund. For example, to the extent Princeton Investment Advisors  incentive compensation is not subject
to a hurdle or total return requirement with respect to another fund, it may have an incentive to devote time and resources to
such other fund.  

Princeton
Investment Advisors  liability is limited under the Investment Advisory Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify Princeton
Investment Advisors against certain liabilities, which may lead Princeton Investment Advisors to act in a riskier manner on our
behalf than it would when acting for its own account.    

Under
the Investment Advisory Agreement, Princeton Investment Advisors has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render
the services called for under that agreement. It will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors by following
or declining to follow Princeton Investment Advisors  advice or recommendations. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement,
Princeton Investment Advisors, its officers, members and personnel, and any person controlling or controlled by Princeton Investment
Advisors will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders
or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, except those
resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that Princeton
Investment Advisors owes to us under the Investment Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Investment Advisory Agreement,
we have agreed to indemnify Princeton Investment Advisors and each of its officers, directors, members, managers and employees
from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out
of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted
by the Investment Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misfeasance, bad faith or reckless
disregard of such person s duties under the Investment Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead Princeton Investment
Advisors to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account.  

Our
ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates will be restricted, which may limit the scope of investments available
to us.    

We
are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of
our independent directors and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5% or more of our outstanding
voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we are generally prohibited from buying or selling any
security from or to such affiliate without the prior approval of our independent directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain
 joint  transactions with certain of our affiliates, which could include concurrent investments in the same portfolio
company, without prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. We are prohibited from buying or
selling any security from or to any person that controls us or who owns more than 25% of our voting securities or certain of that
person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the
SEC. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security (other than any security of which
we are the issuer) from or to any portfolio company of a private fund managed by Princeton Investment Advisors or its affiliates
without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available
to us.  

We
may, however, invest alongside Princeton Investment Advisors  investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles in certain
circumstances where doing so is consistent with our investment strategy as well as applicable law and SEC staff interpretations.
For example, we may invest alongside such investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles consistent with guidance promulgated
by the SEC staff to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met,
including that Princeton Investment Advisors, acting on our behalf and on behalf of such investment funds, accounts and investment
vehicles, negotiates no term other than price. We may also invest alongside Princeton Investment Advisors  investment funds,
accounts and investment vehicles as otherwise permissible under regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and Princeton Investment
Advisors  allocation  

-  29  - 

policy.
This allocation policy provides that allocations among us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton
Investment Advisors and its affiliates will generally be made pro rata based on capital available for investment, as determined,
in our case, by our board of directors as well as the terms of our governing documents and those of such investment funds, accounts
and investment vehicles. It is our policy to base our determinations on such factors as the amount of cash on-hand, existing commitments
and reserves, if any, our targeted leverage level, our targeted asset mix and diversification requirements and other investment
policies and restrictions set by our board of directors or imposed by applicable laws, rules, regulations or interpretations.
We expect that these determinations will be made similarly for investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton
Investment Advisors. However, we can offer no assurance that investment opportunities will be allocated to us fairly or equitably
in the short-term or over time.  

In
situations where co-investment with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors,
prior to receiving exemptive relief, is not permitted or appropriate, such as when there is an opportunity to invest concurrently
in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between
our interests and those of Princeton Investment Advisors  clients, subject to the limitations described in the preceding
paragraph, Princeton Investment Advisors will need to decide which client will proceed with the investment. Princeton Investment
Advisors will make these determinations based on its policies and procedures, which generally require that such opportunities
be offered to eligible accounts on an alternating basis that will be fair and equitable over time. Moreover, except in certain
circumstances, we will be unable to invest in any issuer in which an investment fund, account or investment vehicle managed by
Princeton Investment Advisors has previously invested.  

We
and Princeton Investment Advisors may seek exemptive relief from the SEC to permit greater flexibility to negotiate the terms
of co-investments if our board of directors determines that it would be advantageous for us to co-invest with investment funds,
accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors (other than the CPP group funds) in a manner consistent
with our investment objective, positions, policies, strategies and restrictions as well as regulatory requirements and other pertinent
factors. We believe that co-investment by us and investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment
Advisors (other than the CPP group funds) may afford us additional investment opportunities and an ability to achieve greater
diversification. Accordingly, if we make an application for exemptive relief, we will seek an exemptive order permitting us to
invest with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors (other than the CPP group
funds) in the same portfolio companies under circumstances in which such investments would otherwise not be permitted by the 1940
Act. We expect that such exemptive relief permitting co-investments, if granted, would not require review and approval of each
co-investment by our independent directors. There can be no assurance if and when the SEC would grant such relief.  

We
operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses.    

A
number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we plan to make. We will compete with public and private
funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of
financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial,
technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some of our competitors may have access to funding sources
that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments,
which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many
of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source-of-income,
asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our RIC qualification. The competitive pressures
we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result
of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may
not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective.  

With
respect to the investments we make, we will not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we will offer, and we believe
that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates we offer. With respect to all
investments, we may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors  pricing, terms and structure.
However, if we match our competitors  pricing, terms and structure, we may  

-  30  - 

experience
decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. We may also compete for investment opportunities
with investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles managed by Princeton Investment Advisors. Although Princeton Investment
Advisors will allocate opportunities in accordance with its policies and procedures, allocations to such investment funds, accounts
and investment vehicles will reduce the amount and frequency of opportunities available to us and may not be in the best interests
of us and our stockholders. See  Risk Factors   Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure   There are significant
potential conflicts of interest that could negatively affect our investment returns,     Conflicts related to
other arrangements with Princeton Investment Advisors.   

We
will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to qualify or maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter
M of the Code.    

To
qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must meet certain source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution
requirements. The distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and
net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. If we
incur debt, we will be subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and financial covenants under loan
and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to qualify as a
RIC. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and, thus, may be subject to corporate-level
income tax. To qualify as a RIC, we must also meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each calendar quarter.
Failure to meet these tests may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of
our qualification as a RIC. Because most of our investments will be in private or thinly-traded public companies, any such dispositions
may be made at disadvantageous prices and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC for any reason and
become subject to corporate income tax, the resulting corporate income taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount
of income available for distributions to our stockholders and the amount of funds available for new investments. Such a failure
would have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. See  Description of Business   Taxation as a RIC.   

We
may need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income.    

We
may need additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. We intend to access the capital markets
periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital.
Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision
by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition,
we will be required to distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term
capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to maintain our qualification as a RIC. As a result, these earnings will not be available
to fund new investments. An inability on our part to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our
business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease our earnings, if any, which would have an adverse effect on
the value of our securities.  

You
may not receive distributions, or our distributions may not grow over time.    

We
intend to make distributions on a quarterly basis to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot
assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year
increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of
the risk factors described in this filing. Due to the asset coverage test applicable to us under the 1940 Act as a BDC, we may
be limited in our ability to make distributions. All distributions will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend on our earnings, financial condition, maintenance of RIC status, compliance with applicable BDC, and such other factors
as our board of directors may deem relative from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will make distributions to our stockholders
in the future.  

-  31  - 

We
may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before, or without, receiving cash representing such
income.    

For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will include in income certain amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as the
accrual of original issue discount. This may arise if we receive warrants in connection with the making of a loan and in other
circumstances, or through contracted PIK interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at
the end of the loan term. Such original issue discount, which could be significant relative to our overall investment activities,
and increases in loan balances as a result of contracted PIK arrangements will be included in income before we receive any corresponding
cash payments. We also may be required to include in income certain other amounts that we will not receive in cash.  

Since
we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement
to distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses,
if any, to maintain our qualification as a RIC. In such a case, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would
not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution
requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and thus be subject to
corporate-level income tax. See  Description of Business   Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company.   

PIK
interest payments we receive will increase our assets under management and, as a result, will increase the amount of base management
fees and incentive fees payable by us to Princeton Investment Advisors.    

Certain
of our debt investments may contain provisions providing for the payment of PIK interest. Because PIK interest results in an increase
in the size of the loan balance of the underlying loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest will have the effect of increasing our
assets under management. As a result, because the base management fee that we pay to Princeton Investment Advisors is based on
the value of our gross assets, the receipt by us of PIK interest will result in an increase in the amount of the base management
fee payable by us. In addition, any such increase in a loan balance due to the receipt of PIK interest will cause such loan to
accrue interest on the higher loan balance, which will result in an increase in our pre-incentive fee net investment income and,
as a result, an increase in incentive fees that are payable by us to Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Regulations
governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity
of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage.    

We
may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to
collectively as  senior securities,  up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. Under the provisions of the
1940 Act, we will be permitted as a BDC to issue senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in
the 1940 Act, equals at least 200% of our gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities,
after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that
happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous to us in order
to repay a portion of our indebtedness. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions
to our common stockholders. If we issue senior securities, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including
an increased risk of loss.  

We
are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our
common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below then current net asset value per share
of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and if our stockholders approve
such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in
the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission
or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for,
our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time will decrease, and you may experience dilution.  

We
may finance our investments with borrowed money, which will magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may
increase the risk of investing in us.    

We
may finance our investments with borrowed money when we expect the return on our investment to exceed the cost of borrowing. The
use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. The use of  

-  32  - 

leverage
is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities.
However, we may borrow from, and may in the future issue debt securities to, banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Lenders
of these funds will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we
would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. We may pledge up to 100% of our assets
and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instruments we may enter into with lenders.
In addition, under the terms of any borrowing facility or other debt instrument we may enter into, we are likely to be required
to use the net proceeds of any investments that we sell to repay a portion of the amount borrowed under such facility or instrument
before applying such net proceeds to any other uses. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value
to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged, thereby magnifying losses or eliminating our stake
in a leveraged investment. Similarly, any decrease in our revenue or income will cause our net income to decline more sharply
than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline would also negatively affect our ability to make distributions with respect
to our common stock or preferred stock. Our ability to service any debt will depend largely on our financial performance and will
be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Moreover, as the base management fee payable to Princeton
Investment Advisors will be payable based on the value of our gross assets, including those assets acquired through the use of
leverage, Princeton Investment Advisors will have a financial incentive to incur leverage, which may not be consistent with our
stockholders  interests. In addition, our stockholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result
of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the base management fee payable to Princeton Investment
Advisors.  

As
a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which
include all of our borrowings (other than potential leverage in future SBIC subsidiaries, should we apply for and receive an SBIC
license(s), subject to exemptive relief) and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future, of at least 200%. If this ratio
declines below 200%, we will not be able to incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to
repay some debt when it is otherwise disadvantageous for us to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations,
and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on Princeton Investment Advisors 
and our board of directors  assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us.  

We
may default under or any future borrowing facility we enter into or be unable to amend, repay or refinance any such facility on
commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.    

In
the event we default under any future borrowing facility, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell
a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding
payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under such future borrowing facility, any of which would have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any
such default, the agent for the lenders under such future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or
all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

Because
we may use debt to finance our investments, if market interest rates were to increase, our cost of capital could increase, which
could reduce our net investment income.    

Because
we may borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate
at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant
change in market interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt
to finance our investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net
investment income. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations.
We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek
to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market
interest rates to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act.  

-  33  - 

In
addition, a rise in the general level of interest rates typically leads to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments.
Accordingly, an increase in interest rates may result in an increase of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income
and, as a result, an increase in incentive fees payable to Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Provisions
in any future borrowing facility may limit our discretion in operating our business.    

Any
future borrowing facility may be backed by all or a portion of our loans and securities on which the lenders may have a security
interest. We may pledge up to 100% of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any
debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security
agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian
for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its electronic systems notices indicating the existence
of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will
only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. If we were to default under
the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition
of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.  

In
addition, any security interests as well as negative covenants in any borrowing facility may limit our ability to create liens
on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity
or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under any other borrowing facility were to decrease,
we would be required to secure additional assets in an amount equal to any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of
our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under the borrowing
facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund
future investments and to make stockholder distributions.  

In
addition, under any future borrowing facility we may be subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may
include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral
interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may
be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield
and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result
in an event of default. An event of default under any borrowing facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all
amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could
reduce our revenues and, by delaying any cash payment allowed to us under the borrowing facility until the lenders have been paid
in full, reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business and maintain our qualification as a RIC.  

Adverse
developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to enter into any other future borrowing facility.    

During
the economic downturn in the United States that began in mid-2007, many commercial banks and other financial institutions stopped
lending or significantly curtailed their lending activity. In addition, in an effort to stem losses and reduce their exposure
to segments of the economy deemed to be high risk, some financial institutions limited refinancing and loan modification transactions
and reviewed the terms of existing facilities to identify bases for accelerating the maturity of existing lending facilities.
If these conditions recur (for example, as a result of a broadening of the current Euro zone credit crisis), it may be difficult
for us to enter into a borrowing facility, obtain financing for growth of our investments, or refinance any outstanding indebtedness
on acceptable economic terms, or at all.  

If
we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from
investing according to our current business strategy.    

As
a BDC, we are required to invest at least 70% of our total assets in  qualifying assets  as defined under the 1940
Act. See  Business   Regulation as a BDC.  We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the
future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe to be attractive investments
if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient  

-  34  - 

portion
of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDC s. As a result of such violation,
specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies
(which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order
to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose
of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer,
we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

If
we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under
the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions
under the 1940 Act which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility.  

Our
portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there
may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments.    

We
expect that most of our portfolio investments will take the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of
loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable, and we will value these
investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, including to reflect significant events affecting
the value of our investments. Most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as
Level 3 under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,
or ASC 820. This means that our portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market
participants would price the asset or liability in question. We expect that inputs into the determination of fair value of our
portfolio investments will require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data are available,
such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker
would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied
by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We expect to retain the services of one or more independent
service providers to review the valuation of these loans and securities. The types of factors that the board of directors may
take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded
securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company,
the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and
discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations,
and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods
of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have
been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations
regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal
of such loans and securities.  

We
will adjust the valuation of our portfolio quarterly to reflect our board of directors  determination of the fair value
of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized
appreciation or depreciation.  

We
may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results.    

We
could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest rate payable
on the loans and debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such loans and securities, the level of our expenses, variations
in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition
in our markets and general economic conditions. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as
being indicative of performance in future periods.  

-  35  - 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report
our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting,
which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock.    

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate
disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any
testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or the subsequent testing by our independent
registered public accounting firm (when undertaken, as noted below), may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our consolidated
financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of
our common stock.  

We
will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management will
be required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal
controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation.  

Our
common stock is traded on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board  Pink Sheet  market, which may make it more difficult
for investors to resell their shares due to suitability requirements.    

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol  PIAC  where we expect it
to remain in the foreseeable future. Broker-dealers often decline to trade in OTC Pink Sheet stocks given the markets for such
securities are often limited, the stocks are more volatile, and the risk to investors is greater. These factors may reduce the
potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors
in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of their shares. This could cause our stock price
to decline.  

New
or modified laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business.    

We
and our portfolio companies will be subject to regulation by laws at the U.S. federal, state and local levels. These laws and
regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws, regulations and interpretations may
also come into effect. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.  

Additionally,
changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations related to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment
strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the
strategies and plans set forth in this filing and may shift our investment focus from the areas of expertise of Princeton Investment
Advisors to other types of investments in which Princeton Investment Advisors may have little or no expertise or experience. Any
such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment.  

Our
board of directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder
approval.    

Our
board of directors has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive certain of our operating
policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not
change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes
to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the market price of our common
stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our
stockholders.  

Pending
legislation may allow us to incur additional leverage.    

As
a BDC under the 1940 Act, we are generally not permitted to incur indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing we have
an asset coverage for total borrowings of at least 200% (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 50% of the value of our assets).
Legislation introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives in the last Congress would have modified this section of the 1940
Act and increased the amount of debt that BDC s may incur by  

-  36  - 

modifying
the percentage from 200% to 150%. As a result, we may be able to incur additional indebtedness in the future and therefore your
risk of an investment in common stock may increase.  

Our
board of directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more series of preferred stock,
which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners.    

Under
Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter, our board of directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any authorized
but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes or series of stock, including preferred stock of one or more series. Prior
to the issuance of shares of each class or series, the board of directors will be required by Maryland law and our charter to
set the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications
and terms and conditions of redemption for each such class or series. Thus, the board of directors could authorize the issuance
of shares of a series of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or that otherwise might
be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification and issuance would be borne by our common stockholders. Certain
matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example,
the 1940 Act provides that holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two
directors. We currently have no plans to issue preferred stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock convertible into shares
of common stock may also reduce the net income and net asset value per share of our common stock upon conversion, provided, that
we will only be permitted to issue such convertible preferred stock to the extent we comply with the requirements of Section 61
of the 1940 Act, including obtaining common stockholder approval. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on
your investment in our common stock.  

The
foregoing provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage
persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. However, these provisions may deprive
a stockholder of the opportunity to sell such stockholder s shares at a premium to a potential aquiver. We believe that
the benefits of these provisions out weight the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because,
among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. Our board of directors has considered both the
positive and negative effects of the foregoing provisions determined that they are in the best interests of our stockholders.  

Provisions
of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact
on the price of our common stock.    

The
Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult
a change in control of Princeton Investment Corporation or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business
Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution exempting
from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such
business combination by our board of directors, including approval by a majority of our independent directors. If the resolution
exempting business combinations is repealed or our board of directors does not approve a business combination, the Business Combination
Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer.
Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws
to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Acquisition Act, the Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult
for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction.  

We
have also adopted measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter
classifying our board of directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms and authorizing our board of directors
to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of
our stock and to amend our charter without stockholder approval to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we
have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent
a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.  

-  37  - 

The foregoing provisions are expected
to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control
of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. However, these provisions may deprive a stockholder of the opportunity to
sell such stockholder s shares of a premium to a potential acquirer. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh
the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such
proposals may improve their terms. Our board of directors has considered both the positive and negative effects of the foregoing
provisions and determined that they are in the best interests of our stockholders.  

Princeton Investment Advisors
can resign as our investment advisor or cause our administrator to resign upon 60 days  notice and we may not be able to
find suitable replacements within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect
our financial condition, business and results of operations.    

Princeton Investment Advisors
has the right under the Investment Advisory Agreement to resign as our investment advisor at any time upon 60 days  written
notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. Similarly, our Administrator has the right under the Administration Agreement
to resign at any time upon 60 days  written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If Princeton Investment
Advisors was to resign, we may not be able to find a new investment advisor or administrator or hire internal management with
similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we
are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results
of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders are likely to be adversely affected and the market
price of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities,
as applicable, is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives
having the expertise possessed by Princeton Investment Advisors. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether
internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result
in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.  

We are highly dependent on
information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market
price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.    

Our business is highly dependent
on the communications and information systems of Princeton Investment Advisors. In addition, certain of these systems are provided
to Princeton Investment Advisors by third party service providers. Any failure or interruption of such systems, including as a
result of the termination of an agreement with any such third party service provider, could cause delays or other problems in
our activities. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market
price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.  

Recent market conditions
materially and adversely affected debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world. If these conditions
recur, debt capital may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, which could negatively affect our financial performance
and results.    

From 2007 through 2009, the global
capital markets experienced a period of disruption resulting in increasing spreads between the yields realized on riskier debt
securities and those realized on risk-free securities and a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital markets, significant
write-offs in the financial services sector relating to subprime mortgages and the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated
market. These events, along with the deterioration of the housing market, illiquid market conditions, declining business and consumer
confidence and the failure of major financial institutions in the United States, led to a decline of general economic conditions.
This economic decline materially and adversely affected the broader financial and credit markets and reduced the availability
of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and to financial firms in particular during that time. These conditions may
recur (for example, as a result of a broadening of the current Euro zone credit crisis), in which case, to the extent that we
wish to use debt to fund our investments, the debt capital that will be available to us, if at all, may be at a higher cost, and
on terms and conditions that may be less favorable, than what we expect, which could negatively affect our financial performance
and results. A prolonged period of market illiquidity may cause us to reduce the volume of loans and debt securities we originate
and/or fund and adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments, which could have a material and adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  

-  38  - 

Legal
fees related to the lawsuit captioned Capital Link Fund I, LLC, et al. V. Capital Point Management, LP, et al. as disclosed under
Item 3 and Note 9 of the Notes to the Financial Statements could affect our operating results.    

The Company incurred legal fees
related to the above captioned lawsuit. It is undeterminable at this time the ultimate responsibility for the amounts invoiced
to us by two of the law firms that provided services, as these invoices were for the entire law firm s fees even though
they represented multiple parties and the Company believes that some of these services rendered were provided for other represented
parties and that there may be other defenses. As of December 31, 2015, invoices for legal fees by these two law firms were included
in professional fees on the Statements of Operations and accounts payable on the Statements of Assets and Liabilities as disclosed
in Note 2 of the Notes to the Financial Statements. The invoiced amounts and the final determination of responsibility of these
amounts will have an effect on the operating results of the company.  

Risks Relating to our Investments   

Economic recessions or downturns
could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results.    

Many of the portfolio companies
in which we expect to make investments, including those currently included in our initial portfolio, are likely to be susceptible
to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans during such periods. Therefore, the number of our non-performing
assets are likely to increase and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during such periods. Adverse economic conditions
may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and debt securities and the value of our equity investments. Economic
slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable
economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by
lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing our investments and harm our operating results.  

A portfolio company s failure
to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination
of its loans and foreclosure on its assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio
company s ability to meet its obligations under the loans and debt securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the
extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, lenders
in certain cases can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them when they become too involved in the borrower s
business or exercise control over a borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim,
including as a result of actions taken if we render significant managerial assistance to the borrower. Furthermore, if one of
our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy protection, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding and
subordinate all or a portion of our claim to claims of other creditors, even though we may have structured our investment as senior
secured debt. The likelihood of such a re-characterization would depend on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to
which we provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company.  

Our investments in leveraged
portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment.    

Investments in leveraged companies
involve a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest may have limited financial resources and may be
unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold. Such developments may be accompanied by a
deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that we may have
obtained in connection with our investment. Smaller leveraged companies also may have less predictable operating results and may
require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance their expansion or maintain their competitive position.  

We
may hold the loans and debt securities of leveraged companies that may, due to the significant operating volatility typical of
such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings.    

Leveraged companies may experience
bankruptcy or similar financial distress. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a
bankruptcy proceeding are the product of contested matters and adversary proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors.
A bankruptcy filing by a portfolio company may  

-  39  - 

adversely and permanently affect
that company. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the portfolio company may not equal the liquidation
value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding is also difficult to predict,
and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization or liquidation
ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and would
be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims
under bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations we own may be lost
by increases in the number and amount of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages
of the bankruptcy process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might
be made. In addition, certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial.  

Our investments in private
and small and lower middle-market portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment.    

Investments in private and small
and lower middle-market companies involve a number of significant risks. Generally, little public information exists about these
companies, and we will rely on the ability of Princeton Investment Advisors  investment professionals to obtain adequate
information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information
about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Small and
lower middle-market companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans
and debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in
the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment. In addition, such companies
typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend
to render them more vulnerable to competitors  actions and adverse market conditions, as well as general economic downturns.
Additionally, middle-market companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons.
Therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact
on one or more of the portfolio companies we invest in and, in turn, on us. Small and lower middle-market companies also may be
parties to litigation and may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence.
In addition, our executive officers, directors and investment advisor may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants
in litigation arising from our investments in portfolio companies.  

The lack of liquidity in our
investments may adversely affect our business.    

All of our assets may be invested
in illiquid loans and securities, and a substantial portion of our investments in leveraged companies will be subject to legal
and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than more broadly traded public securities. The illiquidity
of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required
to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously
recorded our investments. Also, as noted above, we may be limited or prohibited in our ability to sell or otherwise exit certain
positions in our initial portfolio as such a transaction could be considered a joint transaction prohibited by the 1940 Act.  

Price declines and illiquidity
in the corporate debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through
increased net unrealized depreciation.    

As a BDC, we are required to carry
our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by our board
of directors. As part of the valuation process, we may take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining
the fair value of our investments:  

Available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction
    comparables;   

applicable market yields and multiples;   

security covenants;   

-  40  - 

call protection provisions;   

information rights;   

the nature and realizable value of any collateral;   

the portfolio company s ability to make payments, earnings, discounted cash flows and
    the markets in which it does business;   

comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public;   

comparable merger and acquisition transactions; and   

the principal market and enterprise values.   

When an external event such as
a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external event to
corroborate our valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation.
Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio.
The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized depreciation in
our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized
losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.  

We are a non-diversified
investment company as defined under the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in securities of a single issuer.    

We are classified as a non-diversified
investment company as defined under the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion
of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with
our qualification as a RIC under the Code, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification. To the extent that we assume large
positions in the securities of a small number of issuers or our investments are concentrated in relatively few industries, our
net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the
financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or
regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company.  

Our failure to make follow-on
investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio.    

Following an initial investment
in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as  follow-on  investments, in
seeking to:   

increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage
    in a portfolio company;   

exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or
    subsequent financing; or   

preserve or enhance the value of our investment.   

We have discretion to make follow-on
investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments may, in some
circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed
opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired
follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, because
we prefer other opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements of the 1940 Act or the desire to
maintain our  

-  41  - 

qualification as a RIC. Our ability
to make follow-on investments may also be limited by Princeton Investment Advisors  allocation policy.  

Because we generally do
not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies
or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments.    

We will not hold controlling equity
positions in any of the portfolio companies included in our portfolio and, although we may do so in the future, we do not currently
intend to hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies (including those included in our portfolio). As a result,
we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and that the management
and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the
lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we expect to hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to
dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer a decrease
in the value of our investments.  

Defaults by our portfolio
companies will harm our operating results.    

A portfolio company s failure
to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination
of its loans and foreclosure on its assets. This could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize such portfolio
company s ability to meet its obligations under the loans or debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses
to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial
covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company.  

Because we rely on the interest
income from our portfolio companies to fund operating expenses, payment defaults of our portfolio companies could have an adverse
effect on our operations. Our interest income may not exceed our operating expenses which could affect our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flow.  

Prepayments of our debt
investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to make stockholder distributions
and result in a decline in the market price of our shares.    

We will be subject to the risk
that the debt investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. We expect that our investments will
generally allow for repayment at any time subject to certain penalties. When this occurs, we intend to generally reinvest these
proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in accordance with our investment strategy. These temporary
investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid, and we could experience significant delays
in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our
results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elects to repay amounts
owed to us prior to maturity. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our ability to make, or the amount of, distributions
with respect to our common stock, which could result in a decline in the market price of our shares.  

Our portfolio companies may
incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies.    

We intend to invest a portion
of our capital in second lien and subordinated loans issued by our portfolio companies. The portfolio companies usually have,
or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the loans in which we invest. By their terms,
such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates
on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the loans in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation,
dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment
in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect
of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, a portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying
its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with loans in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions
on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution,
reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company.  

-  42  - 

Additionally, certain loans that
we may make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt
of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any
outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company
under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by first priority liens on the collateral will generally
control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations
in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions,
the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral
would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations
secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under
the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of
the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any.  

We may also make unsecured loans
to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such
portfolio companies  collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured
debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements.
The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds
from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral
in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There
can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan
obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding
secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors 
claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any.  

The rights we may have with respect
to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant
to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of such senior debt. Under a typical
intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of
the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations
secured by the first priority liens:  

the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral;   

the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings;   

the approval of amendments to collateral documents;   

releases of liens on the collateral; and   

waivers of past defaults under collateral documents.   

We may not have the ability to
control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected.   

If we make subordinated
investments, the obligors or the portfolio companies may not generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to
us.    

We may make subordinated investments
that rank below other obligations of the obligor in right of payment. Subordinated investments are subject to greater risk of
default than senior obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or economic conditions
in general. If we make a subordinated investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged, and its
relatively high debt-to-equity ratio may create increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to
service all of its debt obligations.  

The disposition of our investments
may result in contingent liabilities.    

We currently expect that substantially
all of our investments will involve loans and private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in loans
and private securities, we may be required to make representations about  

-  43  - 

the business and financial affairs
of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify
the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to potential
liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations that we must
satisfy through our return of distributions previously made to us.  

We may not realize gains
from our equity investments.    

When we invest in loans and debt
securities, we may acquire warrants or other equity securities of portfolio companies as well. We may also invest in equity securities
directly. To the extent we hold equity investments, we will attempt to dispose of them and realize gains upon our disposition
of them. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, may decline in value. As a result, we may not
be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests
may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience.  

Risks Relating to our Common
Stock   

Shares of closed-end investment
companies, including BDC s, frequently trade at a discount from their net asset value.    

Shares of closed-end investment
companies, including BDC s, frequently trade at a discount from their net asset value. This characteristic of closed-end
investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share of common stock may decline. We
cannot predict whether our common stock will trade at, above or below net asset value. On March 6, 2015, our stockholders voted
to allow us to issue common stock at a price below net asset value per share for the period ending on March 13, 2016. Our stockholders
did not specify a maximum discount below net asset value at which we are able to issue our common stock, although the number of
shares sold in each offering may not exceed 25% of our outstanding common stock immediately prior to such sale. In addition, we
cannot issue shares of our common stock below net asset value unless our board of directors determines that it would be in our
and our stockholders  best interests to do so. Sales of common stock at prices below net asset value per share dilute the
interests of existing stockholders, have the effect of reducing out net asset value per share and may reduce our market price
per share. In addition, continuous sales of common stock below net asset value may have a negative impact on total returns and
could have a negative impact on the market price of our shares of common stock.  

Stockholders may experience
dilution in their ownership percentage if they do not participate in our dividend reinvestment plan.    

All distributions declared in
cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are generally automatically reinvested in
shares of our common stock. As a result, stockholders that do not participate in the dividend reinvestment plan may experience
dilution over time. Stockholders who receive distributions in shares of common stock may experience accretion to the net asset
value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of
accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who participate in the plan,
the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the distribution payable to a stockholder.  

Our share ownership is concentrated.    

The Partnerships beneficially
own approximately 95% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, the Partnerships will exert significant influence over all
matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors, any merger, consolidation or sale of
all or substantially all of the assets, as well as any charter amendment and other matters requiring stockholder approval. This
concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change in control and may have a negative impact on the market price of our
common stock by discouraging third party investors. In addition, the interests of the Partnerships may not always coincide with
the interests of our other stockholders.  

-  44  - 

The Company s common
stock may be subject to the penny stock rules which might make it harder for stockholders to sell.    

As a result of our stock price,
our shares are subject to the penny stock rules. Because a  penny stock  is, generally speaking, one selling for less
than $5.00 per share, the Company s common stock may be subject to the foregoing rules. The application of the penny stock
rules may affect stockholders  ability to sell their shares because some broker-dealers may not be willing to make a market
in the Company s common stock because of the burdens imposed upon them by the penny stock rules which include but are not
limited to:  

Section 15(g) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rules 15g-1 through 15g-6, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell Company securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors.  

Rule 15g-2 declares
unlawful any broker-dealer transactions in penny stocks unless the broker-dealer has first provided to the customer a standardized
disclosure document.  

Rule 15g-3 provides
that it is unlawful for a broker-dealer to engage in a penny stock transaction unless the broker-dealer first discloses and subsequently
confirms to the customer the current quotation prices or similar market information concerning the penny stock in question.  

Rule 15g-4 prohibits
broker-dealers from completing penny stock transactions for a customer unless the broker-dealer first discloses to the customer
the amount of compensation or other remuneration received as a result of the penny stock transaction.  

Rule 15g-5 requires
that a broker-dealer executing a penny stock transaction, other than one exempt under Rule 15g-1, disclose to its customer, at
the time of or prior to the transaction, information about the sales persons compensation.  

Potential stockholders of the
Company should also be aware that, according to SEC Release No. 34-29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years
from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers
that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales
and false and misleading press releases; (iii)  boiler room  practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic
price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers;
and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired
level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequent investor losses.  

Item
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   

None.  

Item
2. PROPERTIES   

The Company does not own any real
estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are currently located at 700 Alexander
Park, Suite 103, Princeton, NJ 08540. All locations are provided to us by PCC Administrator LLC pursuant to the Administration
Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as we contemplate conducting it.  

Item
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

On or around September 8, 2015
a lawsuit was filed captioned  Capital Link Fund I, LLC, et al. v. Capital Point Management, LP, et al. , C.A. No. 11483-VCN
in the Delaware Court of Chancery.  

The following description of the
Settlement Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Settlement Agreement, which is attached
as Exhibit 99.1 to the 8-K filed on January 22, 2016:  

On January 19, 2016, the Company,
Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., Gregory J. Cannella ( Cannella ), Munish Sood ( Sood ), Thomas Jones,
Jr. ( Jones Jr. ) and Trennis L. Jones ( Jones  and together with Jones Jr., the  Independent Directors 
and the Independent Directors together with the Company, Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., Cannella and  

-  45  - 

Sood, the  Settling Defendants )
on the one hand, entered into a settlement agreement ( Settlement Agreement ) with Capital Link Fund I, LLC ( Capital
Link ), CT Horizon Legacy Fund, LP ( CT Horizon ), CPP, and Sema4, Inc. ( Semaphore  and together
with Capital Link, CT Horizon and CPP I, the  Plaintiffs  or the  Capital Point Parties ) on the other
hand. CPP is the Company s largest stockholder.  

Subject to the terms and conditions
contained therein, the Settlement Agreement settles between the Plaintiffs and the Settling Defendants the disputes described
in the lawsuit. No monies were paid or exchanged by any of the parties as a part of the settlement and none of the parties admitted
any wrongdoing. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following is a party to the Settlement Agreement: Alfred Jackson ( Jackson ),
Martin Tuchman ( Tuchman ), Capital Point Management, LP ( CPM ), Capital Point Advisors, LP ( CPA )
or Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC ( PIA,  and, together with Jackson, Tuchman, CPM and CPA, collectively the  Non-Settling
Defendants ).  

On June 17, 2016, a Stipulation
and Order of Dismissal of Claims (the  Dismissal Order ) against the Settling Defendants (which includes the Company)
and Tuchman (collectively, the  Dismissed Defendants ) was entered in the Delaware Court of Chancery. The Dismissal
Order, which was dated June 10, 2016, dismissed with prejudice the claims brought by the Plaintiffs against the Dismissed Defendants.
The Dismissal Order did not dismiss the claims against Jackson, CPM, CPA or PIA.  

As of December 31, 2015, there
were no other legal proceedings against the Company or any of its officers or directors.  

From time to time, the Company
may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement
of the Company s rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot
be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect that these proceeding will have a material effect upon its business,
financial condition or results of operations.  

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not applicable.  

-  46  - 

PART
II    

Item
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES   

Market Information   

Our common stock is currently
traded on the Over the Counter Pink Sheets under the symbol  PIAC  where we expect it to remain in the foreseeable
future. Prior to April 20, 2015 our common stock was traded under the symbol  RONE . Broker-dealers often decline
to trade in OTC Pink Sheet stocks given the markets for such securities are often limited, the stocks are more volatile, and the
risk to investors is greater. These factors may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential
investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose
of their shares. This could cause our stock price to decline.  

Notwithstanding the forgoing,
our common stock is sporadically and thinly trading. Accordingly, although there appears to be quotation information, the Company
does not believe that there exists an established public market for our securities. Further, there can be no assurance the current
market for the Company s common stock will be sustained or grow in the future.  

Holders of record   

As of December 31, 2015, there
were 23 shareholders of our common stock.  

The Company feels the actual number
of common stock holders may be significantly higher as 1,466,674 shares of common stock are held in street name which reflected
approximately 1.22% of the outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2015.  

Dividends    

Our dividends, if any, are determined
by our board of directors. The Company will be taxed as a C corporation and subject to federal and state corporation income taxes
for its 2015 taxable year. We intend to qualify for the 2016 tax year to be treated for federal income tax purposes as a RIC under
Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we will not be taxed on our investment company taxable income or realized net capital gains,
to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed, or deemed to be distributed, to stockholders on a timely basis.  

To maintain our qualification
for RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute at least 90% of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term
capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a
tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay
a 4% excise tax on such income. Any such carryover  

-  47  - 

taxable income must be distributed
through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such taxable income. We may,
in the future, make actual distributions to our stockholders of our net capital gains. We can offer no assurance that we will
achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we may be prohibited
from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if
distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings.  

In connection with the transactions
with the Partnerships, we adopted an  opt out  dividend reinvestment plan ( DRIP ) for our common stockholders.
As a result, if we make cash distributions, then stockholders  cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional
shares of our common stock, unless they specifically  opt out  of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive
cash distributions.  

For each of the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, the Company did not declare any cash dividends on the Company s common stock.  

Recent Sales of Unregistered
Securities   

There were no sales of unregistered
securities during the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Performance Graph   

This
graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the S P BDC Index and the Russell 2000 Index, for the past five
fiscal years. The graph assumes that, on December 31, 2009, a person invested $10,000 in each of our common stock, the S P
BDC Index and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph measures total shareholder return, which takes into account
both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are reinvested in like securities.   Our
Company is quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board through Pink Sheets and are thus not traded on a public exchange.  

The graph and other information
furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be   soliciting material  
or to be   filed   with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section
18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price
performance.  

-  48  - 

Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities   

During the year ended December
31, 2015, there were no purchases made by or on behalf of the issuer of shares of equity securities.  

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION   

1995 Employee   Consultant
Incentive Benefit Plan   

Our board of directors adopted
the 1995 Employee   Consultant Incentive Benefit Plan ( 1995 Stock Plan ) on May 3, 1995, and it was subsequently
approved by our stockholders. The 1995 Stock Plan provided for the grant of stock options or stock to our employees, directors,
and consultants. The 1995 Stock Plan originally provided for the issuance of 3,000,000 shares of which 2,019,014 are issued and
outstanding. As of December 31, 2015, there were no outstanding options to purchase any additional shares under the plan as the
plan has been cancelled. The 1995 Stock Plan was a plan of Regal One.  

Item
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   

The following selected financial
data should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto and  Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  included elsewhere in this report.  

Financial Position as of December
31:  

Operating Data for the last five
fiscal years ended December 31:  

Item
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

The following information should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  

References herein to  we ,
 us  or  our  refer to Princeton Capital Corporation (the  Company  or  Princeton Capital ),
unless the context specifically requires otherwise.  

Forward-Looking Statements   

Some of the statements in this
annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial
condition. Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words
 may,   might,   will,   intend,   should,   could,   can, 
 would,   expect,   believe,   estimate,   anticipate,   predict, 
 potential,   plan  or similar words. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on
Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to:  

-  49  - 

our
                                         future operating results;    

our
                                         business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;    

the
                                         effect of investments that we expect to make;    

our
                                         contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;    

actual
                                         and potential conflicts of interest with Princeton Investment Advisors    

the
                                         dependence of our future success on the general economy and its effect on the industries
                                         in which we invest;    

the
                                         ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;    

the
                                         use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;    

the
                                         adequacy of our financing sources and working capital;    

the
                                         timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;    

the
                                         ability of Princeton Investment Advisors to locate suitable investments for us and to
                                         monitor and administer our investments;    

the
                                         ability of Princeton Investment Advisors to attract and retain highly talented professionals;    

our
                                         ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company and
                                         as a business development company; and    

the
                                         effect of future changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation of these
                                         laws and regulations by regulatory authorities) and conditions in our operating areas,
                                         particularly with respect to business development companies or regulated investment companies.    

We have based the forward-looking
statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this annual report on Form
10-K, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those
anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We undertake
no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
unless required by law or Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) rule or regulation. You are advised to consult
any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K.  

The following analysis of our
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.  

-  50  - 

Overview   

We are an externally managed,
non-diversified, closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company ( BDC )
under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). We originate and invest primarily in private small and
lower middle-market companies (typically those with less than $20.0 million of EBITDA) through first lien loans, second lien loans,
unsecured loans, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing, often times with a corresponding equity investment. Our investment objective
is to maximize the total return to our stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related
equity investments in private small and lower middle-market companies. We are managed by Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC ( Princeton
Investment Advisors , or the  Investment Advisor ) and PCC Administrator LLC (the  Administrator )
provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate.  

As a BDC, we must not acquire
any assets other than  qualifying assets  specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at
least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in
 eligible portfolio companies.  Under the relevant SEC rules, the term  eligible portfolio company  includes
all private companies, companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies
that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than $250 million,
in each case organized in the United States.  

Corporate History    

In order to expedite the ramp-up
of our investment activities and further our ability to meet our investment objectives on March 13, 2015, we (i) acquired approximately
$11.2 million in cash, $43.5 million in equity and debt investments, and $1.9 million in restricted cash escrow deposits of Capital
Point Partners, L.P. ( CPP ) and Capital Point Partners II, L.P. ( CPPII ) (together, the  Partnerships ),
(ii) issued approximately 115.5 million shares of our common stock based on a pre-valuation presumed fair value of $60.9 million
and on a price of approximately $0.53 per share. We will now seek to invest primarily in private small and lower middle market
companies in various industries.  

On an annual basis, we intend
to elect to be treated for tax purposes as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986 (the  Code ). To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income
and asset diversification requirements. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level taxes on any income we distribute
to our stockholders. We did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2015 tax year and we expect to be taxed as a corporation
under Subchapter C of the Code.  

Portfolio Composition and Investment
Activity   

Portfolio Composition   

We originate and invest primarily
in private small and lower middle-market companies through first lien loans, second lien loans, unsecured loans, unitranche and
mezzanine debt financing, and corresponding equity investments.  

At December 31, 2015, the Company
had investments in 10 portfolio companies. The total cost and fair value of the positions were approximately $56.1 million and
$48.7 million, respectively. The Company did not hold any U.S. Treasury Bills at December 31, 2015. The composition of our investments
by asset class as of December 31, 2015 is as follows:  

At December 31, 2014, the Company
had investments in 3 portfolio companies. The total cost and fair value of the 3 positions were $56,136 and $470,273, respectively.
The composition of our investments by asset class as of December 31, 2014 is as follows:  

-  51  - 

At December 31, 2015, our weighted
average yield based upon cost of our portfolio investments was approximately 13.53% of which approximately 9.86% is current cash
interest, all bearing a fixed rate of interest. As of December 31, 2014, we did not have any income bearing investments.  

At December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014, we did not hold any United States Treasury securities. The United States Treasury securities may be purchased and temporarily
held in connection with complying with RIC diversification requirements under Subchapter M of the Code.  

Investment Activity   

On March 13, 2015, we acquired
the equity and debt investments of the Partnerships for shares of our common stock based on a price of $0.53 per share. This portfolio
was comprised of equity investments and loans to middle-market companies that were originated over the previous 8 years by certain
members of the investment team of Princeton Investment Advisors during their time with the Investment Advisor to the Partnerships
and are similar to the type of investments we originate. These middle-market loans had an internal risk rating of 2 or better
(e.g., investments that were performing at or above expectations and whose risks were neutral or favorable compared to the expected
risk at the time of the original investment).  

Our level of investment activity
can vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital to middle
market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment
for the types of investments we make.  

During the year ended December
31, 2015, we made $10.5 million of investments in 2 new portfolio companies. The primary portfolio investment activities for the
year ended December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

On
                                         June 1, 2015, the Company restructured the first lien loan to Rockfish Seafood Grill,
                                         Inc. by reducing the outstanding principal balance on the note to $5,950,000 and amending
                                         the interest rate to 14% (6% PIK).    

On
                                         June 2, 2015, the Company entered into a Lease Guaranty Agreement to guaranty a portion
                                         of a lease that Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. entered into. The Company s guaranty
                                         is limited to the total tenant improvement allowance and the total amount of commissions
                                         that the landlord provided in connection with the lease. The total guaranteed amount
                                         by the Company is approximately $292,701 and reduces proportionally after each of the
                                         first sixty months of the lease, which commenced in November 2015, so long as no uncured
                                         event of default exists. Through the date of filing, the guaranteed amount has reduced
                                         to approximately $253,674.    

On
                                         June 29, 2015, the Company extended to Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. a revolving loan
                                         in the amount of $1,250,000, with an 8% interest rate paid monthly, and a maturity date
                                         of June 29, 2016. This revolver will share a first lien position with the other loan
                                         investment by the Company.    

-  52  - 

Asset Quality   

In addition to various risk management
and monitoring tools, Princeton Investment Advisors uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor the quality of
our debt investment portfolio. Equity securities and Treasury Bills are not graded. This debt investment rating system uses a
five-level numeric scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating:  

Investment
    Rating   
         
       Summary
    Description    

1  
         
      Investments that are performing above expectations, and whose risks
    remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment.   
 
      2  
         
      Investments that are performing within expectations and whose risks
    remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. All new loans will initially be rated
    2.   
 
      3  
         
      Investments that are performing below expectations and that require
    closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected. Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out
    of compliance with financial covenants.   
 
      4  
         
      Investments that are performing substantially below expectations
    and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are often in work out. Investments
    with a rating of 4 will be those for which some loss of return but no loss of principal is expected.   
 
      5  
         
      Investments that are performing substantially below expectations
    and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are almost always in work out.
    Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and principal is expected.   

The following table shows the
investment rankings of our debt investments at fair value as of December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014:  

Loans and Debt Securities on
Non-Accrual Status   

We will not accrue interest on
loans and debt securities if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. As of December 31, 2015, we had 6 loans
on non-accrual status and as of December 31, 2014, we did not hold any loans.  

Results of Operations   

An important measure of our financial
performance is net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations, which includes net investment income (loss), net
realized gain (loss) and net unrealized appreciation (depreciation). Net investment income (loss) is the difference between our
income from interest, dividends, fees and other investment income and our operating expenses including interest on borrowed funds.
Net realized gain (loss) on investments is the  

-  53  - 

difference between the proceeds
received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their amortized cost. Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments
is the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio.  

Revenues    

We generate revenue in the form
of interest income on debt investments and capital gains and distributions, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire
in portfolio companies. Our debt investments typically have a term of five to seven years and bear interest at a fixed or floating
rate. Interest on our debt securities is generally payable quarterly. Payments of principal on our debt investments may be amortized
over the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments
may pay interest in-kind, or PIK. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest
will generally become due at the maturity date. The level of interest income we receive is directly related to the balance of
interest-bearing investments multiplied by the weighted average yield of our investments. We expect that the dollar amount of
interest and any dividend income that we earn to increase as the size of our investment portfolio increases. In addition, we may
generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, commitment, loan origination, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing
managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees. These fees will be reorganized as they are earned.  

Expenses    

Our primary operating expenses
include the payment of fees to Princeton Investment Advisors under the in Investment Advisory Agreement, our allocable portion
of overhead expenses under the Administration Agreement and other operating costs described below. We bear all other out-of-pocket
costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, which may include:  

the
                                         cost of calculating our net asset value, including the cost of any third-party valuation
                                         services; the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and
                                         other securities;    

fees
                                         payable to third parties relating to making investments, including out-of-pocket fees
                                         and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments;    

transfer
                                         agent and custodial fees;    

out-of-pocket
                                         fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts;    

federal
                                         and state registration fees and any stock exchange listing fees;    

U.S.
                                         federal, state and local taxes;    

independent
                                         directors  fees and expenses;    

brokerage
                                         commissions;    

fidelity
                                         bond, directors  and officers  liability insurance and other insurance premiums;    

direct
                                         costs, such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff;    

fees
                                         and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs;    

costs
                                         associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and other
                                         applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws; and    

other
                                         expenses incurred by Princeton Capital or us in connection with administering our business,
                                         including payments under the Administration Agreement that are based upon our allocable
                                         portion of overhead (subject to the review of our board of directors).    

-  54  - 

Comparison
of the Years Ended December 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013    

Operating Expenses   

Operating
expenses increased from $261,966 for the year ended December 31, 2014 to $4,320,992 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The
increase is due to legal and accounting fees of $935,161 related to the acquisition transaction which is included in professional
fees. Additionally, the Company pays management fees to the Investment Adviser and administration fees to the Administrator. This
increase is also due to the legal fees incurred related to the lawsuit captioned  Capital Link Fund I, LLC, et al. v. Capital
Point Management, LP, et al. as disclosed in Note 9 to the Financial Statements.  

Operating
expenses per share decreased from $0.072 per share for the year ended December 31, 2014 to $0.044 for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

Operating
expenses increased from $111,791 for the year ended December 31, 2013 to $261,966 for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase
is primarily due an increase in professional fees.  

Operating
expenses per share increased from $0.031 per share for the year ended December 31, 2013 to $0.072 for the year ended December
31, 2014.  

Net
Investment Income (Loss)   

Net
investment income (loss) increased from a loss of ($261,966) for the year ended December 31, 2014 to a loss of ($1,226,442) for
the year ended December 31, 2015. This increase was primarily due to legal and accounting fees for $935,161 related to the acquisition
transaction which is included in professional fees. This was offset by an increase in interest income from our portfolio companies
due to our expanding investment portfolio.  

Net
investment income (loss) per share decreased from a loss of ($0.072) per share for the year ended December 31, 2014 to a loss
of ($0.013) per share for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Net
investment income (loss) increased from a loss of ($111,791) for the year ended December 31, 2013 to a loss of ($261,966) for
the year ended December 31, 2014. This increase was primarily due to an increase in professional fees.  

-  55  - 

Net investment income (loss) per
share increased from a loss of ($0.031) per share for the year ended December 31, 2013 to a loss of ($0.072) per share for the
year ended December 31, 2014.  

Net Realized Gain (Loss)   

We measure realized gains (losses)
by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the
specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized.  

For the year ended December 31,
2015, we recognized $235,510 of realized gain primarily in connection with a gain of $246,388 on the sale of the common stock
in Neuralstem, Inc.  

For the year ended December 31,
2014, we recognized $349,657 of realized gain primarily in connection with a gain on the sale of common stock in Neuralstem, Inc.  

For the year ended December 31,
2013, we recognized $115,054 of realized gain primarily in connection with a gain on the sale of common stock in Neuralstem, Inc.  

Net Change in Unrealized Gain
(Loss)   

Net change in unrealized gain
(loss) primarily reflects the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting period, including the reversal of previously
recorded appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized.  

Net change in unrealized gain
(loss) on investments totaled ($7,857,104) for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily in connection with a loss of ($2,675,590)
on the second lien loan to Performance Alloys, Inc., a loss of ($1,849,276) on the second lien loan to Advantis Certified Staffed
Solutions, Inc. and a loss of ($1,865,498) on the membership interest   Class A units in Integrated Medical Partners, LLC.  

Net change in unrealized gain
(loss) on investments totaled a loss of ($651,162) for the year ended December 31, 2014 primarily in connection with the sale
of Neuralstem, Inc. common stock and a decrease in valuation of the Neuralstem, Inc. warrant.  

Net change in unrealized gain
(loss) on investments totaled a gain of $704,728 for the year ended December 31, 2013 primarily in connection with the increase
is value of the of Neuralstem, Inc. common stock and warrant.  

Financial Condition, Liquidity
and Capital Resources    

We intend to continue to generate
cash from future offerings of securities and cash flows from operations, including earnings on investments in our portfolio and
future investments, as well as interest earned from the temporary investment of cash in U.S. government securities and other high-quality
debt investments that mature in one year or less. We may, if permitted by regulation, seek various forms of leverage and borrow
funds to make investments.  

As of December 31, 2015, we had
$1,022,510 in cash, and our net assets totaled $48,225,563. We believe that our current cash on hand, and our anticipated cash
flows from operations will be adequate to meet our cash needs for our daily operations for at least the next 12 months.  

Contractual Obligations    

As of December 31, 2015, we do
not have any contractual obligations that would trigger the tabular disclosure of contractual obligations under Section 303(a)(5)
of Regulation S-K.  

We have entered into two contracts
under which we have material future commitments, the Investment Advisory Agreement, pursuant to which the Princeton Investment
Advisors serve as our investment adviser, and the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which our Administrator agrees to furnish
us with certain administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. Payments under the Investment Advisory
Agreement in future periods will be equal to: (1) a percentage of the value of our gross assets; and (2) an incentive fee based
on our performance. Payments under the Administration Agreement will occur on an ongoing basis as expenses are incurred on our
behalf by our Administrator.  

The Investment Advisory Agreement
and the Administration Agreement are each terminable by either party without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the
other. If either of these agreements is terminated, the costs we incur under new agreements may increase. In addition, we will
likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under both
our Investment Advisory Agreement and our  

-  56  - 

Administration Agreement. Any
new Investment Advisory Agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders.  

Distributions    

In order to qualify as a RIC and
to avoid U.S. federal corporate level income tax on the income we distribute to our stockholders, we are required to distribute
at least 90% of our net ordinary income and our net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any,
to our stockholders on an annual basis. Additionally, we must distribute an amount at least equal to the sum of 98% of our net
ordinary income (during the calendar year) plus 98.2% of our net capital gain income (during each 12-month period ending on October
31) plus any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding years that were not distributed during such years and
on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax to avoid a U.S. federal excise tax. To the extent that we have income available, we
intend to make quarterly distributions to our stockholders. Our stockholder distributions, if any, will be determined by our board
of directors on a quarterly basis. Any distribution to our stockholders will be declared out of assets legally available for distribution.
As of the date of this filing, we believe that the Company has met the requirements to qualify as a RIC for the 2016 tax year.  

We may not be able to achieve
operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of our distributions
from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage requirements
applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act. If we do not distribute a certain percentage of our income annually, we will suffer
adverse tax consequences, including the possible loss of our qualification as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will
receive any distributions.  

To the extent our taxable earnings
fall below the total amount of our distributions for that fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return
of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may
be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our income or gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure
accompanying any stockholder distribution carefully and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our ordinary
income or capital gains.  

We have adopted an  opt
out  dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, the stockholders 
cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock unless a stockholder specifically
 opts out  of our dividend reinvestment plan. If a stockholder opts out, that stockholder will receive cash distributions.
Although distributions paid in the form of additional shares of our common stock will generally be subject to U.S. federal, state
and local taxes in the same manner as cash distributions, stockholders participating in our dividend reinvestment plan will not
receive any corresponding cash distributions with which to pay any such applicable taxes.  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.  

Related Party Transactions   

Management Fees   

Management fees for the year ended
December 31, 2015 were $656,479. As of December 31, 2015, management fees of $175,754 were payable to Princeton Investment Advisors.
There were no management fees for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

Incentive Fees   

There were no incentive fees earned
by Princeton Investment Advisors for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, or 2013.  

Other Related Party Transactions   

Gregory J. Cannella served as
the Chief Financial Officer of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. ( RSG ), one of the Company s portfolio companies,
until September 24, 2015. He had a stock option agreement with RSG, granted on January 28, 2013, with the right to earn up to
103.8961 shares or approximately 8% of RSG. This stock option agreement was canceled on May 12, 2015 with no consideration coming
from RSG or the Company.  

-  57  - 

In May 2015, RSG created a wholly
owned subsidiary, Southwest Hospitality Group, LLC ( SHG ), for the purpose of entering into franchise agreement with
a new restaurant group. In July 2015, SHG was transferred to Sivco, Inc. and then signed a franchise agreement with this new restaurant
group. Sivco, Inc. is majority owned and controlled by Alfred Jackson, a Director of the Company and minority-owned by Munish
Sood, a Director, President, and CEO of the Company.  

On March 30, 2016, the Company,
as Borrower, entered into a Term Loan in the amount of $1,500,000 with Sema4, Inc. and Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., as Lenders
in order to purchase certain assets to maintain its RIC status. Sema4, Inc. committed $1,000,000 and Princeton Advisory Group,
Inc. committed $500,000. The loan was repaid in full with interest at a rate of 10.0% per annum on April 8, 2016. Sema4, Inc.
is the general partner of CPP and CPPII, which own approximately 87% and 9% of our common stock, respectively. Princeton Advisory
Group, Inc. is wholly owned by Munish Sood, a Director, President, and CEO of the Company.  

As disclosed in the Company s
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016, on June 28, 2016, the Company, as Borrower, entered into a Term Loan in the amount
of $390,000 with Munish Sood, as Lender, in order to purchase certain assets to maintain its RIC status. Mr. Sood is the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director of the Company. The board of directors of the Company, by unanimous written
consent, authorized and approved that the Company enter into the Loan Agreement. The loan was repaid in full with interest at
a rate of 10.0% per annum on July 11, 2016.  

On September 12, 2016, the Company,
as a Borrower, entered into a Term Loan in the amount of $225,000 with Munish Sood, as Lender, in order to fund capital to one
of its portfolio companies, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. Mr. Sood is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President and
a director of the Company. The board of directors of the Company, by unanimous written consent, authorized and approved that the
Company enter into the Loan Agreement. The loan will bear interest at a rate of 10.0% per annum and matures on December 12, 2016.  

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 of the financial statements
for a description of recent accounting pronouncements, if any, including the expected dates of adoption and the anticipated impact
on the financial statements.  

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of our financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes
in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual
results to differ. In addition to the discussion below, our significant accounting policies are further described in the notes
to the financial statements.  

Valuation of Portfolio Investments

As a BDC, we generally invest
in illiquid loans and securities including debt and equity securities of middle-market companies. Under procedures established
by our board of directors, we value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. We
obtain these market values from an independent pricing service or at the mean between the bid and ask prices obtained from at
least two brokers or dealers (if available, otherwise by a principal market maker or a primary market dealer). Debt and equity
securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available are valued at fair value as determined
in good faith by our board of directors. Such determination of fair values may involve subjective judgments and estimates, although
we engage independent valuation providers to review the valuation of each portfolio investment that does not have a readily available
market quotation at least twice annually. Investments purchased within 60 days of maturity are valued at cost plus accreted discount,
or minus amortized premium, which approximate fair value. With respect to unquoted securities, our board of directors, together
with our independent valuation advisors, values each investment considering, among other measures, discounted cash flow models,
comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public and other factors.  

When an external event such as
a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, our board of directors uses the pricing indicated by
the external event to corroborate and/or assist us in our valuation. Because there is not a readily available market for substantially
all of the investments in our portfolio, we value our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board
of directors using a documented valuation policy  

-  58  - 

and a consistently applied valuation
process. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market
value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available
market value existed for such investments, and the differences could be material.  

With respect to investments for
which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter,
as described below:  

Our quarterly
valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by an independent valuation firm, except
for those investments where market quotations are readily available;  

Preliminary
valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management, Princeton Investment Advisors and our auditors;  

The valuation
committee of our board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations and approves them for recommendation to the board
of directors;  

The board of directors then discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith,
based on the input of Princeton Investment Advisors, the independent valuation firm and the valuation committee.  

Revenue Recognition    

Realized gain (loss) on the sale
of investments is the difference between the proceeds received from dispositions of portfolio investments and their stated costs.
Realized gains or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method.  

Interest income, adjusted for
amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such
amounts. For loans and debt securities with contractual PIK interest, which represents contractual interest accrued and added
to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we do not accrue PIK interest if the portfolio company valuation indicates
that such PIK interest is not collectible. Generally, when We will not accrue interest on loans and debt securities if we have
reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discount or premium
are capitalized, and we then accrete or amortize such amounts using the effective interest method as interest income. Upon the
prepayment of a loan or debt security, any unamortized loan origination is recorded as interest income. We record prepayment premiums
on loans and debt securities as interest income.  

Dividend income, if any, will
be recognized on the ex-dividend date.  

Generally, when a payment default
occurs on a loan in the portfolio, or if the Company otherwise believes that borrower will not be able to make contractual interest
payments, the Company may place the loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on the loan until all principal
and interest is current through payment, or until a restructuring occurs, and the interest income is deemed to be collectible.
The Company may make exceptions to this policy if a loan has sufficient collateral value, is in the process of collection or is
viewed to be able to pay all amounts due if the loan were to be collected on through an investment in or sale of the business,
the sale of the assets of the business, or some portion or combination thereof.  

Recent Developments   

Portfolio Activity    

Performance
                                         Alloys, LLC has been in payment default on its senior subordinated note to the Company
                                         since January 1, 2016.    

South
                                         Boots Hill, LLC has been in payment default on its senior note to the Company since January
                                         1, 2016.    

In
                                         February 2016, the Company entered into a modification agreement of the Senior Secured
                                         Note Purchase Agreement with Lone Star Brewery Development, Inc. to defer the interest
                                         payment due on December 31, 2015 to March 31, 2016. The company earned a $25,000 modification
                                         fee for the modification. Lone Star Brewery Development, Inc. defaulted on the payments
                                         due on March 31, 2016.    

-  59  - 

On
                                         June 30, 2016, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. made a partial interest payment on the first
                                         lien loan with an indication for the remaining amount to come by the end of the month.
                                         Since that time, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. has notified the Company that it will not
                                         be able to make the remaining interest payment due for the second quarter 2016 and will
                                         not be able to make future interest payments on the first lien loan or the revolver at
                                         the present time.    

On
                                         August 30, 2016, the Company re-structured its investment in Performance Alloys, LLC
                                         to provide much needed liquidity. The Company amended its Subordinated Note effective
                                         as of July 1, 2016 by reducing the outstanding principal balance to $6,750,000, reducing
                                         the interest rate to 6% and extending the maturity date to March 31, 2018. The principal
                                         amount that was reduced under the Subordinated Note was exchanged for one Class B Membership
                                         unit in Performance Alloys, LLC, which entitles the Company to 25.97%, not to exceed
                                         $4,698,500, of the first $18,092,001 of proceeds and 8.46% of all remaining proceeds
                                         under a liquidity event. Performance Alloys, LLC also received an option to extend the
                                         Subordinated Note at their election for a period of one year from March 31, 2018. If
                                         Performance Alloys, LLC elects to exercise that option, the interest rate on the Subordinated
                                         Note will increase to 9% for the extended period. At closing, Performance Alloys, LLC
                                         cured all defaults with the Company along with its first lienholder and received its
                                         July and August interest making this a performing note again for the Company. The company
                                         also received an amendment fee in the amount of $33,750.    

On
                                         December 1, 2016, the Company amended its Subordinated Note with Performance Alloys,
                                         LLC in order to facilitate a refinance of their first lienholder with a new bank. The
                                         Company agreed to extend its maturity date to May 30, 2020 and include an automatic increase
                                         in its interest rate to 9% on July 1, 2018.    

Investment Advisory Agreement    

As reported on the Company s
Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2016, on January 18, 2016 the Board of Directors of the Company conditionally approved the New Investment
Advisory Agreement between the Company and Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the  New Investment
Advisory Agreement ), subject to the approval of the Company s stockholders at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
On June 9, 2016, the Company s stockholders approved the New Investment Advisory Agreement. The effective date of the New
Investment Advisory Agreement was June 9, 2016. The Board of Directors of the Company previously approved the termination of the
Investment Advisory Agreement between the Company and Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC (the  Terminated Investment Advisory
Agreement ), such termination becoming effective on June 9, 2016, the date the New Investment Advisory Agreement was approved
and adopted by the stockholders of the Company. The administrative services of the Company are also provided by Princeton Advisory
Group, Inc. and subject to reimbursement of administrative related expenses under the New Investment Advisory Agreement.  

-  60  - 

Item
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   

We are subject to financial market
risks, including changes in interest rates. Changes in interest rates may affect both our cost of funding and our interest income
from portfolio investments and cash and cash equivalents. Our investment income will not be affected by changes in variable interest
rates, including LIBOR as all of our outstanding loan portfolio bore interest as fixed rates as of December 31, 2015.  

While management believes that
our investment income will not be affected by changes in variable interest rates, it could be affected by the changes in the credit
quality, size and composition of our portfolio, and other business developments that could affect the net increase or decrease
in net assets resulting from operations. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially
from the results under this analysis.  

-  61  - 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA    

Index
to Financial Statements   

-  62  - 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    

Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Princeton
Capital Corporation  

We
have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities, including the schedule of investments, of Princeton Capital
Corporation (the  Company ) as of December 31, 2015, and the related statements of operations, changes in net assets
and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.  

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). These standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our procedures included
confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2015, by correspondence with portfolio companies, custodian, loan agent, borrower,
or by other appropriate audit procedures. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Princeton
Capital Corporation as of December 31, 2015, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and its cash flows for
the year then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

/s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC  

Morristown,
New Jersey  

  December
8, 2016  

- 63 -

BOULAY   

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM   

To the Board of Directors
and  
Stockholders of Regal One Corporation  

St. Paul, Minnesota  

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheet, including the schedule of investments, of Regal One Corporation (a Florida Corporation)
as of December 31, 2014, and the related statements of changes in net assets, operations, and cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2014 and 2013. Regal One Corporation management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

In our
opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Regal
One Corporation as of December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two
year period ended December 31, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

Boulay, PLLP  

Minneapolis,
Minnesota  

April 15,
2015  

Boulay
   7500 Flying Cloud Drive Suite 800 Minneapolis, MN 55344  (t) 952.893.9320  (f) 952.835.7296  BoulayGroup.com  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
       
    STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES    

See
notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
       
    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS    

(3)    Includes
                                         retroactive application of 2 for 1 stock split.    

See
notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
       
    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS     

(1)    The
                                         shares issued were based on a pre-valuation presumed fair value of $60.9 million.    

See
notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
      
    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS     

See
notes to financial statements.   

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
      
    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December 31, 2015   

See
notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
      
  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December 31, 2015 (Continued)    

(1)    See
                                         Note 5 of the Notes to Financial Statements for a discussion of the methodologies used
                                         to value securities in the portfolio.    

(2)    Formerly
                                         known as Advantis Healthcare Solutions, Inc.    

(3)    Investment
                                         is on non-accrual status.    

(4)    Represents
                                         a payment-in-kind security ( PIK ). At the option of the issuer, interest
                                         can be paid in cash or cash and PIK. The percentage of PIK shown is the maximum PIK that
                                         can be elected by the portfolio company.    

(5)    The
                                         investment in Rampart Detection Systems, Ltd does not represent a  qualifying asset 
                                         under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act as the principal place of business is in British
                                         Columbia, Canada. As of December 31, 2015, less than 1% of the total fair value of investments
                                         represents non-qualifying assets.    

See
notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
      
  SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December 31, 2015 (Continued)    

The
following table shows the fair value of our portfolio of investments by geography and industry as of December 31, 2015.  

See notes to financial statements.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION    
      
    SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS as of December 31, 2014

(3)    This
                                         investment in Neuralstem, Inc. is a warrant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock.
                                         As of December 31, 2014, using a Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, a $156,060 value
                                         was assigned to these warrants including a 10% discount assigned by management due to
                                         the low trading volumes of Neuralstem stock. There is currently no market for Neuralstem
                                         warrants carried as an investment.    

(4)    The
                                         investment in Rampart Detection Systems, Ltd does not represent a  qualifying asset 
                                         under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act as the principal place of business is in British
                                         Columbia, Canada. As of December 31, 2014, 0.26% of the total fair value of investments
                                         represents non-qualifying assets.    

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

      NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     

   December
31, 2015   

NOTE
1   NATURE OF OPERATIONS    

References
herein to  we ,  us  or  our  refer to Princeton Capital Corporation (the  Company 
or  Princeton Capital ), unless the context specifically requires otherwise.   

Princeton
Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation, was incorporated under the general laws of the State of Maryland on July 25, 2013,
with its principal office located in Princeton, New Jersey. We are a non-diversified, closed-end investment company that has filed
an election to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ), under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the  1940 Act ).  As a BDC, we expect to annually qualify and elect to be treated as a regulated
investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ).  The
Company did not meet the qualifications of a RIC for the 2015 tax year and expects to be taxed as a corporation under Subchapter
C of the Code; however, the Company expects to qualify as a RIC for the 2016 tax year. We invest primarily in private small and
lower middle-market companies through first lien loans, second lien loans, unsecured loans, unitranche and mezzanine debt financing,
often times with a corresponding equity investment.  Our investment objective is to maximize the total return to our
stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation through debt and related equity investments.  

Prior
to March 13, 2015, the Company operated under the name Regal One Corporation ( Regal One ). Regal One had been located
in Scottsdale, Arizona, and was a Florida corporation initially incorporated in 1959 as Electro-Mechanical Services Inc. Since
inception the Company had been involved in a number of industries. In 1998 the Electro-Mechanical Services Inc. changed its name
to Regal One Corporation.  

On
March 7, 2005, the Company s board of directors determined it was in the shareholders  best interest to change the
focus of the Company s operations to providing financial consulting services through the Company s network of advisors
and professionals, and to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. On September 16, 2005, the Company filed a Form N54A (Notification
of Election by Business Development Companies) with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), which transformed
the Company into a BDC in accordance with sections 55 through 65 of the 1940 Act. The Company has reported as an operating BDC
since March 31, 2006.  

On
July 9, 2014, Regal One acquired Princeton Capital as a wholly owned subsidiary. On July 14, 2014, Regal One, Princeton Capital,
Capital Point Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership ( CPP ), and Capital Point Partners II, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership ( CPPII  and, together with CPP, the  Partnerships ), entered into an Asset Purchase
Agreement (the  Purchase Agreement ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Regal One would acquire cash, equity and
debt investments of the Partnerships in exchange for shares of common stock of Regal One. In addition to the customary conditions
to closing the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, Regal One was required to (i) to effect a reverse stock split
of Regal One s outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-2 (the  Reverse Stock Split ), (ii) reincorporate
from Florida to Maryland by merging into Princeton Capital (the  Reincorporation ) and (iii) become an externally
managed BDC by entering into an external investment advisory agreement (the  Investment Advisory Agreement ) with
Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC, ( Princeton Investment Advisors  or the  Investment Advisor ) a Delaware
limited liability company.  

On
March 13, 2015, following the Reverse Stock Split and the Reincorporation, we completed our previously announced acquisition in
the approximate amounts of $11.2 million in cash, $43.5 million in equity   debt investments, and $1.9 million in restricted
cash escrow deposits of the Partnerships with an aggregate value of approximately $56.6 million and issued approximately 115.5
million shares of our common stock to the Partnerships. The shares issued were based on a pre-valuation presumed fair value of
$60.9 million. We also entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

NOTE
2   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Basis
of Presentation   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, ( U.S. GAAP ). In accordance with Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933 and Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company does not consolidate portfolio company investments. The accounting records of the Company are
maintained in U.S. dollars. As an investment company, as defined by the 1940 Act, the Company follows investment company accounting
and reporting guidance of Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 946   Financial Services - Investment Companies, which is U.S. GAAP.  

The
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 financial statements were reclassified in order to be consistent with the new format used
for the December 31, 2015 financial statements.  

Use
of Estimates    

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income
and expenses during the reporting period. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, creditworthiness of our portfolio
companies and any other parameters used in determining these estimates could cause actual results to differ.  

Portfolio
Investment Classification   

The
Company classifies its investments in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act,  Control Investments 
are defined as investments in companies in which the Company owns more than 25% of the voting securities or maintains greater
than 50% of the board representation. Under the 1940 Act,  Affiliated Investments  are defined as those non-control
investments in companies in which the Company owns between 5% and 25% of the voting securities. Under the 1940 Act,  Non-affiliated
Investments  are defined as investments that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliated Investments. As of December
31, 2015, the Company had control investments in Rockfish Holdings, LLC, Integrated Medical Partners, LLC and Advantis Certified
Staffing Solutions, Inc. and affiliated investments in Spencer Enterprises Holdings, LLC, as defined under the 1940 Act.  

Investments
are recognized when we assume an obligation to acquire a financial instrument and assume the risks for gains or losses related
to that instrument. Investments are derecognized when we assume an obligation to sell a financial instrument and forgo the risks
for gains and losses related to that instrument. Specifically, we record all security transactions on a trade date basis. Investments
in other non-security financial instruments, such as limited partnerships or private companies, are recorded on the basis of subscription
date or redemption date, as applicable. Amounts for investments recognized or derecognized but not yet settled are reported as
receivables for investments sold or payable for investments acquired, respectively, in the Statements of Assets and Liabilities.  

Valuation
of Investments   

In
accordance with U.S. GAAP, fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability
(i.e., the  exit price ) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  

In
determining fair value, our board of directors uses various valuation approaches. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, ASC 820 establishes
a fair value hierarchy for inputs and is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes
the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available.  

Observable
inputs are those that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources
independent of the board of directors. Unobservable inputs reflect our board of director s assumptions about the inputs
market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

With
respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation
process each quarter, as described below:  

Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued  by an independent
valuation firm, except for those investments where market quotations are readily available;  

Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with our senior management, Princeton Investment Advisors
and our auditors;  

The valuation committee of our board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations and approves them
for recommendation to the board of directors;  

The board of directors then discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio
in good faith, based on the input of Princeton Investment Advisors, the independent valuation firm and the valuation committee.  

U.S.
GAAP establishes a framework for measuring fair value that includes a hierarchy used to classify the inputs used in measuring
fair value. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three levels. The level
in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. The levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  

Level
1   Valuations based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
Company has the ability to access. Valuation adjustments and block discounts are not applied to Level 1 securities. Since valuations
are based on quoted prices that are readily and regularly available in an active market, valuation of these securities does not
entail a significant degree of judgment.  

Level
2   Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable,
either directly or indirectly.  

Level
3   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.  

The
availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety
of factors including, the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, and other
characteristics particular to the transaction. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable
or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Those estimated values do not necessarily
represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized due to the occurrence of future circumstances that cannot be reasonably
determined. Because of the inherent uncertainty of valuation, those estimated values may be materially higher or lower than the
values that would have been used had a ready market for the securities existed. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised
by the board of directors in determining fair value is greatest for securities categorized in Level 3. In certain cases, the inputs
used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, for disclosure purposes,
the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls is determined based on the
lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  

Fair
value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant rather than an entity-specific measure.
Therefore, even when market assumptions are not readily available, the Company s own assumptions are set to reflect those
that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. The Company uses prices and inputs
that are current as of the measurement date, including periods of market dislocation. In periods of market dislocation, the observability
of prices and inputs may be reduced for many securities. This condition could cause a security to be reclassified to a lower level
within the fair value hierarchy.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

Valuation
Processes   

The
Company establishes valuation processes and procedures to ensure that the valuation techniques for investments that are categorized
within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are fair, consistent, and verifiable.  The Company s board of directors
designates a Valuation Committee (the  Committee ) to oversee the entire valuation process of the Company s
Level 3 investments.  The Committee is comprised of independent directors and reports to the Company s board of directors. 
The Committee is responsible for developing the Company s written valuation processes and procedures, conducting periodic
reviews of the valuation policies, and evaluating the overall fairness and consistent application of the valuation policies.   

The
Committee meets on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as needed, to determine the valuations of the Company s Level 3
investments.  Valuations determined by the Committee are required to be supported by market data, third-party pricing sources,
industry accepted pricing models, counterparty prices, or other methods that the Committee deems to be appropriate.   

The
Company will periodically test its valuations of Level 3 investments through performing back testing of the sales of such investments
by comparing the amounts realized against the most recent fair values reported, and if necessary, uses the findings to recalibrate
its valuation procedures.  On a quarterly basis, the Company engages the services of a nationally recognized third-party
valuation firm to perform an independent valuation of the Company s Level 3 investments.  

Investment
Valuation    

We
expect that most of our portfolio investments will take the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of
loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable, and we will value these
investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, including reflecting significant events affecting
the value of our investments. Most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as
Level 3 under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ,
or ASC 820. This means that our portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market
participants would price the asset or liability in question. We expect that inputs into the determination of fair value of our
portfolio investments will require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data are available,
such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker
would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied
by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We expect to retain the services of one or more independent
service providers to review the valuation of these loans and securities. The types of factors that the board of directors may
take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded
securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company,
the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and
discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations,
and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods
of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have
been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations
regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal
of such loans and securities.  

We
will adjust the valuation of our portfolio quarterly to reflect our board of directors  determination of the fair value
of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized
appreciation or depreciation.  

Debt
Securities   

The
Company s portfolio consists primarily of first lien loans, second lien loans, and unsecured loans. Investments for which
market quotations are readily available ( Level 2 Loans ) are generally valued using market quotations, which are
generally obtained from an independent pricing service or broker-dealers. For other debt investments  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

( Level
3 Loans ), market quotations are not available and other techniques are used to determine fair value. The Company considers
its Level 3 Loans to be performing if the borrower is not in default, the borrower is remitting payments in a timely manner, the
loan is in covenant compliance or is otherwise not deemed to be impaired. In determining the fair value of the performing Level
3 Loans, the Board considers fluctuations in current interest rates, the trends in yields of debt instruments with similar credit
ratings, financial condition of the borrower, economic conditions, success and prepayment fees, and other relevant factors, both
qualitative and quantitative. In the event that a Level 3 Loan instrument is not performing, as defined above, the Board may evaluate
the value of the collateral utilizing the same framework described above for a performing loan to determine the value of the Level
3 Loan instrument.  

Equity
Investments   

Our
equity investments, including common stock, membership interests, and warrants, are generally valued using a market approach and
income approach. The income approach utilizes primarily the discount rate to value the investment whereas the primary inputs for
the market approach are the EBITDA multiple and revenue multiples. The Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model, a valuation technique
that follows the income approach, is used to allocate the value of the equity to the investment. The pricing model takes into
account the contract terms (including maturity) as well as multiple inputs, including time value, implied volatility, equity prices,
risk free rates, and interest rates.  

Valuation
of Other Financial Instruments   

The
carrying amounts of the Company s other, non-investment, financial instruments, consisting of cash, receivables, accounts
payable, and accrued expenses, approximate fair value due to their short-term nature.  

Cash   

The
Company deposits its cash in financial institutions and, at times, such balances may be in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation insured limit; however, management does not believe it is exposed to any significant credit risk.  

U.S.
Treasury Bills   

At
the end of each fiscal quarter, we may take proactive steps to ensure we are in compliance with the RIC diversification requirements
under Subchapter M of the Code, which are dependent upon the composition of our total assets at quarter end. We may accomplish
this in several ways, including purchasing U.S. Treasury Bills and closing out positions after quarter-end.  

Revenue
Recognition   

Realized
gains or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method. The Company measures realized
gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment,
without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and
prepayment penalties.  

Interest
income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis. Origination, closing
and/or commitment fees associated with senior and subordinated secured loans are accreted into interest income over the respective
terms of the applicable loans. Upon the prepayment of a senior or subordinated secured loan, any prepayment penalties and unamortized
loan origination, closing and commitment fees are recorded as interest income. Generally, when a payment default occurs on a loan
in the portfolio, or if the Company otherwise believes that borrower will not be able to make contractual interest payments, the
Company may place the loan on non-accrual status and cease recognizing interest income on the loan until all principal and interest
is current through payment, or until a restructuring occurs, and the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The Company
may make exceptions to this policy if a loan has sufficient collateral value, is in the process of collection or is  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

viewed
to be able to pay all amounts due if the loan were to be collected on through an investment in or sale of the business, the sale
of the assets of the business, or some portion or combination thereof.  

Dividend
income is recorded on the ex-dividend date.  

Structuring
fees, excess deal deposits, prepayment fees and similar fees are recognized as income as earned, usually when paid. Other fee
income, including annual fees and monitoring fees are included in Other Income.  There was no income from such sources
for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014 or 2013.    

Payment-in-Kind
Interest ( PIK )   

We
have investments in our portfolio that contain a PIK interest provision. Any PIK interest is added to the principal balance of
such investments and is recorded as income, if the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is collectible.
In order to maintain our status as a RIC, substantially all of this income must be paid out to stockholders in the form of dividends,
even if we have not collected any cash. For the year ending December 31, 2015 and through the date of issuance of this report,
no dividends have been paid out to stockholders.  

Net
Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation   

Net
change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation will reflect the change in portfolio investment values during the reporting
period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized.  

Legal
Fees   

The
Company incurred legal fees related to the lawsuit captioned  Capital Link Fund I, LLC, et al. v. Capital Point Management,
LP, et al.  as disclosed in Note 9.  It is undeterminable at this time the ultimate responsibility for amounts invoiced
to the Company by two of the law firms that provided services, as these invoices were for the entire law firm s fees even
though they represented multiple parties and the Company believes that some of these services rendered were provided for other
represented parties and that there may be other defenses. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company was invoiced legal
fees by these two law firms related to this lawsuit in the amount of $1,241,863, which are included in professional fees on the
Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2015, these fees are included in accounts payable on the Statements of Assets and
Liabilities.  

Federal
and State Income Taxes    

The
Company is taxed as a regular corporation (a  C corporation ) under subchapter C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended. The Company uses the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded
for tax loss carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts
in the consolidated financial statements, using statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the temporary differences
are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  

Beginning
with the 2016 tax year, the Company intends to elect to be treated as a RIC under subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, and intends to operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. In order to qualify
as a RIC, among other things, the Company is required to distribute to its stockholders on a timely basis at least 90% of investment
company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. So long as the Company maintains its status as a RIC, it generally
will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal and state income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes at
least annually to its stockholders as dividends. Rather, any tax liability related to income earned by the Company will represent
obligations of the Company s investors and will not be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.  

The
Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its consolidated financial statements
to determine whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  of being sustained by the applicable tax authority.
The Company recognizes the tax benefits of uncertain tax positions only where the position  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

has
met the  more-likely-than-not  threshold. The Company classifies penalties and interest associated with income taxes,
if any, as income tax expense. Conclusions regarding tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based
on factors including, but not limited to, ongoing analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof.  

Dividends
and Distributions   

Dividends
and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. The amount, if any, to be paid as a dividend is
approved by our board of directors each quarter and is generally based upon our management s estimate of our earnings for
the quarter.    

Per
Share Information   

Basic
and diluted earnings (loss) per common share is calculated using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for
the period presented.  

Basic
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss per share by the weighted average number of shares outstanding,
plus, any potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period. At December 31, 2014, the Company had 100,000 Series B Preferred
Shares convertible 100 for 1 outstanding. The weighted average of these shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted loss
per share of common stock because their inclusion would have been antidilutive. Therefore, dilutive loss per share of common stock
was equal to basic loss per share of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014.  

Transactional
Expenses    

A
portion of the assets acquired on March 13, 2015 from the Partnerships were used for legal and accounting fees related to the
acquisition transaction and were expensed as professional fees.  The Company incurred $935,161 of professional fees
related to the transaction for the year ended December 31, 2015.    

Capital
Accounts   

Certain
capital accounts including undistributed net investment income, accumulated net realized gain or loss, accumulated net unrealized
appreciation or depreciation, and paid-in capital in excess of par, are adjusted, at least annually, for permanent differences
between book and tax. In addition, the character of income and gains to be distributed is determined in accordance with income
tax regulations that may differ from U.S. GAAP.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements   

In
May 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That
Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) ( ASU 2015-07 ). ASU 2015-07 removes the requirement to categorize
within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical
expedient. ASU 2015-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not believe this standard
will have an impact on its Financial Statements.  

NOTE
3   CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK   

In
the normal course of business, the Company maintains its cash balances in financial institutions, which at times may exceed federally
insured limits.  The Company is subject to credit risk to the extent any financial institution with which it conducts
business is unable to fulfill contractual obligations on its behalf.  Management monitors the financial condition of
such financial institutions and does not anticipate any losses from these counterparties.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

NOTE
4   NET EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER COMMON SHARE   

The
following information sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings (losses) per common share for the year ended December
31, 2015, 2014, and 2013.  

(1)
 Per share data based on weighted average shares outstanding.  

(2)
 Includes retroactive application of 2 for 1 stock split.  

(3)
 Includes Series B Preferred Shares convertible at 100 for 1 through March 12, 2015 but is excluded from the diluted calculation
for net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share for the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 due
to it being anti-dilutive.  

NOTE
5   FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENTS   

The
Company s assets recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon a fair value hierarchy in accordance with ASC Topic
820   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ( ASC 820 ). See Note 2 for a discussion of the Company s
policies.  

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2015 and December
31, 2014, respectively:  

During
the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, there were no transfers between Level, 1, Level 2 or Level 3.  

The
following table presents additional information about Level 3 assets measured at fair value. Both observable and unobservable
inputs may be used to determine the fair value of positions that the Company has classified within the Level 3 category.  As
a result, the unrealized gains and losses for assets within the Level 3 category may include changes
in fair value that were attributable to both observable (e.g., changes in market interest rates) and unobservable (e.g., changes
in unobservable long-dated volatilities) inputs.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

Changes
in Level 3 assets measured at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2015 are as follows:  

Changes
in Level 3 assets measured at fair value for the year ended December 31, 2014 are as follows:  

The
following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2015:  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

The
following table provides quantitative information regarding Level 3 fair value measurements as of December 31, 2014:  

The
primary significant unobservable input used in the fair value measurement of the Company s debt securities (first lien loans,
second lien loans and unsecured loans), including income-producing investments in funds, is the discount rate. Significant increases
(decreases) in the discount rate in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value measurement. In determining
the discount rate, for the income (discounted cash flow) or yield approach, the Company considers current market yields and multiples,
portfolio company performance, leverage levels and credit quality, among other factors in its analysis. Changes in one or more
of these factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate discount rate to use in
the income approach.  

The
primary significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity investments are the EBITDA
multiple and revenue multiple, which is used to determine the Enterprise Value. Significant increases (decreases) in the Enterprise
Value in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. To determine the Enterprise Value for
the market approach, the Company considers current market trading and/or transaction multiples, portfolio company performance
(financial ratios) relative to public and private peer companies and leverage levels, among other factors. Changes in one or more
of these factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate multiple to use in the
market approach.  

The
primary unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the Company s equity investments, when using an option
pricing model to allocate the equity value to the investment, are the discount rate for lack of marketability and volatility.
Significant increases (decreases) in the discount rate in isolation would result in a significantly lower (higher) fair value
measurement. Significant increases (decreases) in the volatility in isolation would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair
value measurement. Changes in one or more factors can have a similar directional change on other factors in determining the appropriate
discount rate or volatility to use in the valuation of equity using an option pricing model.  

NOTE
6   INCOME TAXES   

The
Company is currently taxable as a C corporation and subject to federal and state corporation income taxes. The Company recorded
no current income tax expense or benefit during the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 since it had a net operating loss.
There were no capital loss carryforwards for the year ended December 31, 2015 or 2014.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

The
Company recorded no deferred income tax expense or benefit for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014 since it provided a
full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, which consisted primarily of net operating losses and temporary differences
based on realized losses and unrealized depreciation of investments for financial statement purposes. As of December 31, 2015,
and 2014, the total amount of gross deferred tax assets before valuation allowance respectively was $4.7 million and $690,000.
The federal and state net operating losses will expire in 2019 through 2030. The valuation allowance for these deferred tax assets
as of December 31, 2015 and 2014, was respectively ($4.7) million and $(690,000). The Company did not have any gross deferred
tax liabilities as of December 31, 2015 and 2014. The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2015 and
2014 were as follows:  

For
federal and state purposes, a portion of the Company s net operating loss carryforwards and basis differences may be subject
to limitations on annual utilization in case of a change in ownership, as defined by federal and state law. The amount of such
limitations, if any, has not been determined. Accordingly, the amount of such tax attributes available to offset future profits
may be significantly less than the actual amounts of the tax attributes.  

The
difference between the tax provision (benefit) at the statutory federal income tax rate and the tax provision (benefit) was as
follows:  

The
Company has provided a full valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets due to uncertainty of generating sufficient capital
gains or taxable income in future periods to realize these assets. The Company will elect to be treated for federal income tax
purposes as a RIC beginning next year and anticipates meeting all the requirements as a RIC. As a RIC, the Company generally will
not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that the Company distributes to
its stockholders as dividends and claims dividends paid deductions to compute taxable income. A RIC will not be eligible to utilize
net operating losses. However, the net operating losses may become available should the Company disqualify as a RIC and become
a C corporation in the future  

In
addition to meeting other requirements, the Company must generally distribute at least 90% of its investment company taxable income
to qualify for the special treatment accorded to a RIC and maintain its RIC status. As part of maintaining RIC status, undistributed
taxable income (subject to a 4% excise tax) pertaining to a given fiscal year may be distributed up to 12 months subsequent to
the end of that fiscal year, provided such dividends are declared prior to the later of (1) the fifteenth day of the ninth month
following the close of that fiscal year or (2) the extended due date for filing the federal income tax return for that fiscal
year.  

The
Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits as of the period presented herein. The Company identified its major tax jurisdictions
as U.S. federal and Maryland. For the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, no income tax expenses or related liabilities for
uncertain tax positions were recognized for the Company s open tax  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

years
from 2012 through the present. The Company is not aware of any tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total
amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change significantly in the next 12 months.  

NOTE
7   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Investment
Advisory Agreement    

Our
board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, approved the Investment Advisory Agreement at its meeting
held on March 13, 2015. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors and in accordance with the 1940 Act, Princeton
Investment Advisors manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the
Investment Advisory Agreement, Princeton Investment Advisors:  

determines
    the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such
    changes;   

identifies,
    evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make;   

executes,
    closes, services and monitors the investments we make;   

determines
    the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell;   

performs
    due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and   

provides
    us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for
    the investment of our funds.   
 
  Pursuant
to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay Princeton Investment Advisors a fee for investment advisory
and management services consisting of two components   a base management fee and an incentive fee. The cost of
both the base management fee and the incentive fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders.  

Management
Fee    

The
base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75% of our gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds
or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents, U.S. Treasury Bills, and deposits. For services rendered under
the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated
based on the average value of our gross assets, as adjusted, at the end of the finalized prior quarter and the estimated current
quarter. The management fee shown on the statement of operations includes the estimated management fee for the current period
as well as a true-up for the prior quarter. Base management fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated.  

Management
fees for the year ended December 31, 2015 were $656,479. As of December 31, 2015, management fees of $175,754 were payable to
Princeton Investment Advisors. There were no management fees for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.  

Incentive
Fee    

We
will pay Princeton Investment Advisors an incentive fee. The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of
each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not.  

The
first component, which is income-based, will be calculated and payable quarterly in arrears, commencing with the quarter beginning
April 1, 2015, based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose,
pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, distribution income and any other income (including any other fees
(other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting
fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses
for the quarter  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

(including
the base management fee, expenses payable under the administration agreement, any interest expense and any dividends paid on any
issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include
any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation.  

The
operation of the first component of the incentive fee for each quarter is as follows:  

no
    incentive fee is payable to our investment advisor in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income
    does not exceed the hurdle rate of 2.00% (8.00% annualized);   

100%
    of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income,
    if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.50% in any calendar quarter (10.00% annualized) is payable to our
    investment advisor. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate
    but is less than 2.50%) as the  catch-up.  The effect of the  catch-up  provision is that, if such
    pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds 2.50% in any calendar quarter, our investment advisor will receive 20% of
    such pre-incentive fee net investment income as if the hurdle rate did not apply; and   

20% of
    the amount of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.50% in any calendar quarter (10.00% annualized)
    is payable to our investment advisor (once the hurdle rate is reached and the catch-up is achieved).   

The
portion of such incentive fee that is attributable to deferred interest (such as PIK interest or original issue discount) will
be paid to our investment advisor, together with interest from the date of deferral to the date of payment, only if and to the
extent we actually receive such interest in cash, and any accrual will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed
in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual. Any reversal
of such amounts would reduce net income for the quarter by the net amount of the reversal (after taking into account the reversal
of incentive fees payable) and would result in a reduction and possibly elimination of the incentive fees for such quarter.  

There
is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter and, accordingly, there is no clawback of amounts previously
paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle rate and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the
quarterly hurdle rate . Since the hurdle rate is fixed, as interest rates rise, it will be easier for our investment advisor to
surpass the hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on pre-incentive fee net investment income.  

Our
net investment income used to calculate this component of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of our gross assets
used to calculate the 1.75% base management fee. These calculations will be appropriately prorated for any period of less than
three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter.  

Percentage
of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income Allocated to First Component of Incentive Fee    

The
second component, the capital gains component of the incentive fee, will be determined and payable in arrears as of the end of
each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing on December
31, 2015, and will equal 20% of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from January 1st through the end of that calendar
year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation
through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. If such amount is
negative, then no capital gains incentive fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Investment Advisory Agreement
is terminated as of a date that is not a calendar year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a calendar
year end for purposes of calculating and paying the capital gains incentive fee. The capital gains component of the incentive
fee is not subject to any minimum return to stockholders.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

Because
of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur a loss. For
example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate , we will pay the applicable incentive
fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses.  

There
were no incentive fees earned by Princeton Investment Advisors for the years ended December 31, 2015, 2014, or 2013.  

Payment
of Our Expenses    

All
investment professionals of Princeton Investment Advisors, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory services
to us, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of personnel allocable to these services to us, will be provided and
paid for by Princeton Investment Advisors and not by us. We will bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations
and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to:  

calculating
    our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any third party independent valuation firm);   

fees
    and expenses payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal
    affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise
    relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments;   

interest
    payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts;   

offerings
    of our common stock and other securities;   

base
    management and incentive fees;   

administration
    fees and expenses, if any, payable under the administration agreement (including our allocable portion of Princeton Investment
    Advisors  overhead in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including rent and the allocable
    portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and their respective staffs);   

transfer
    agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses;   

U.S.
    federal and state registration fees;   

all
    costs of registration and listing our stock on any securities exchange;   

U.S.
    federal, state and local taxes;   

independent
    directors  fees and expenses;   

costs
    of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators;   

costs
    of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs;   

costs
    and fees associated with any fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other
    insurance premiums;   

direct
    costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other
    staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs;   

proxy
    voting expenses; and   

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

all other
    expenses incurred by us or Princeton Investment Advisors in connection with administering our business.   

Duration
and Termination    

Unless
terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for a period of two years from
its effective date. It will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by our board of directors or by
the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, if also approved
by a majority of our directors who are not  interested persons.  The Investment Advisory Agreement automatically terminates
in the event of its assignment, as defined in the 1940 Act, by Princeton Investment Advisors and may be terminated by either party
without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the other. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities
may also terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days  written notice. See Note 11 for further
information.  

Indemnification    

The
Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their
duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Investment Advisory Agreement, Princeton
Investment Advisors and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person
or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Princeton Investment
Advisors  services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as our investment advisor.  

Administration
Agreement   

On
March 13, 2015, the Company entered into an administration agreement (the  Administration Agreement ) with PCC Administrator
LLC (the  Administrator ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Princeton Investment Advisors. The Administration Agreement
provides that our Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provide us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping
and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, our Administrator performs, or oversees
the performance of, our required administrative services, which include being responsible for the financial and other records
that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports and other materials filed with the SEC.
In addition, our Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing
of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to our stockholders, and generally oversees
the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the
Administration Agreement, our Administrator will also provide managerial assistance on our behalf to those portfolio companies
that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance.  

Payments
under the Administration Agreement will be equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review of our board
of directors) of our Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including
rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our chief
financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. In addition, if requested to provide significant managerial
assistance to our portfolio companies, our Administrator will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided, which
shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration Agreement
will have an initial term of two years and may be renewed with the approval of our board of directors. The Administration Agreement
may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days  written notice to the other party. To the extent that our
Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any
incremental profit to our Administrator. Stockholder approval is not required to amend the Administration Agreement.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

Sub-Administration
Agreement   

The
Administrator has engaged Conifer Asset Solutions LLC (the  Sub-Administrator ) to provide certain administrative
services to us. In exchange for provided such services, the Administrator pays Conifer an asset-based fee with a $200,000 annual
minimum as adjusted for any reimbursement of expenses. This asset-based fee will vary depending upon our gross assets, as adjusted,
as follows:  

Administration
fees were $268,139 for the year ended December 31, 2015, and sub-administration fees were $171,556 as shown on the Statements
of Operations under administration fees. There were no administration fees or sub-administration fees earned by our Administrator
or Sub-Administrator for the year ended December 31, 2014 or 2013.  

Indemnification    

The
Administration Agreement provides that, absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance
of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our Administrator, its affiliates and their
respective directors, officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or
entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys  fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our Administrator s
services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator.  

License
Agreement   

We
have entered into a license agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors under which Princeton Investment Advisors has agreed
to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name  Princeton.  Under this agreement, we have a right
to use the  Princeton  name for so long as Princeton Investment Advisors or one of its affiliates remains our investment
advisor. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the  Princeton  name. This license
agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with Princeton Investment Advisors is in effect.  

Managerial
Assistance   

As
a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve
monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board of directors and management meetings, consulting
with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. As of December 31,
2015, none of the portfolio companies had accepted our offer for such services.  

Other
Related Party Transactions   

Gregory
J. Cannella served as the Chief Financial Officer of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. ( RSG ), one of the Company s
portfolio companies, until September 24, 2015. He had a stock option agreement with RSG, granted on January 28, 2013, with the
right to earn up to 103.8961 shares or approximately 8% of RSG. This stock option agreement was canceled on May 12, 2015 with
no consideration coming from RSG or the Company.  

In
May 2015, RSG created a wholly owned subsidiary, Southwest Hospitality Group, LLC ( SHG ), for the purpose of entering
into franchise agreement with a new restaurant group. In July 2015, SHG was transferred to Sivco, Inc. and then signed a franchise
agreement with this new restaurant group. Sivco, Inc. is majority owned and controlled  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

by
Alfred Jackson, a Director of the Company and minority-owned by Munish Sood, a Director, President, and CEO of the Company.  

On
March 30, 2016, the Company, as Borrower, entered into a Term Loan in the amount of $1,500,000 with Sema4, Inc. and Princeton
Advisory Group, Inc., as Lenders in order to purchase certain assets to maintain its RIC status. Sema4, Inc. committed $1,000,000
and Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. committed $500,000. The loan was repaid in full with interest at a rate of 10.0% per annum
on April 8, 2016. Sema4, Inc. is the general partner of CPP and CPPII, which own approximately 87% and 9% of our common stock,
respectively. Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. is wholly owned by Munish Sood, a Director, President, and CEO of the Company.  

As
disclosed in the Company s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2016, on June 28, 2016, the Company, as Borrower, entered
into a Term Loan in the amount of $390,000 with Munish Sood, as Lender, in order to purchase certain assets to maintain its RIC
status. Mr. Sood is the Company s Chief Executive Officer, President, and a director of the Company. The board of directors
of the Company, by unanimous written consent, authorized and approved that the Company enter into the Loan Agreement. The loan
was repaid in full with interest at a rate of 10.0% per annum on July 11, 2016.  

On
September 12, 2016, the Company, as a Borrower, entered into a Term Loan in the amount of $225,000 with Munish Sood, as Lender,
in order to fund capital to one of its portfolio companies, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. Mr. Sood is the Company s Chief
Executive Officer, President and a director of the Company.  The board of directors of the Company, by unanimous written
consent, authorized and approved that the Company enter into the Loan Agreement.  The loan will bear interest at a rate of
10.0% per annum and matures on December 12, 2016.   

NOTE
8   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS   

(1)  
      Financial highlights are based
    on weighted average shares outstanding.   
 
      (2)  
      Total return based on net asset
    value is based upon the change in net asset value per share between the opening and ending net asset values per share in the
    period. The total returns are not annualized.   

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

(3)  
      Unaudited   

NOTE
9   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES   

In
the normal course of business, the Company may enter into investment agreements under which it commits to make an investment in
a portfolio company at some future date or over a specified period of time. The Company maintains sufficient assets to provide
adequate cover to allow it to satisfy its unfunded commitment amount as of December 31, 2015. The unfunded commitment is accounted
for under ASC 820. Below represents the unfunded loan commitment as of December 31, 2015.  

Portfolio
    Company:   
       Investment
    Type   
       Unfunded
        
      Commitment     
 
      Rockfish
    Seafood Grill, Inc.  
      Revolving
    loan  
      $  
      199,000   

On
or around September 8, 2015, a lawsuit was filed captioned  Capital Link Fund I, LLC, et al. v. Capital Point Management,
LP, et al. , C.A. No. 11483-VCN in the Delaware Court of Chancery.  

The
following description of the settlement agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Settlement
Agreement, which is attached as Exhibit 99.1to the 8-K filed on January 22, 2016:  

On
January 19, 2016, the Company, Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., Gregory J. Cannella, Munish Sood, Thomas Jones, Jr. and Trennis
L. Jones (together the  Independent Directors  and the Independent Directors together with the Company, Princeton
Advisory Group, Inc., Cannella and Sood, the  Settling Defendants ) on the one hand, entered into a settlement agreement
( Settlement Agreement ) with Capital Link Fund I, LLC ( Capital Link ), CT Horizon Legacy Fund, LP ( CT
Horizon ), CPP, and Sema4, Inc. ( Semaphore  and together with Capital Link, CT Horizon and CPP I, the  Plaintiffs 
or the  Capital Point Parties ) on the other hand. CPP I is the Company s largest stockholder.  

Subject
to the terms and conditions contained therein, the Settlement Agreement settles between the Plaintiffs and the Settling Defendants
the disputes described in the lawsuit. No monies were paid or exchanged by any of the parties as a part of the settlement and
none of the parties admitted any wrongdoing. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the following is a party to the Settlement Agreement:
Alfred Jackson ( Jackson ), Martin Tuchman ( Tuchman ), Capital Point Management, LP ( CPM ),
Capital Point Advisors, LP ( CPA ) or Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC ( PIA,  and, together with Jackson,
Tuchman, CPM and CPA, collectively the  Non-Settling Defendants ).  

On
June 17, 2016, a Stipulation and Order of Dismissal of Claims (the  Dismissal Order ) against the Settling Defendants
(which includes the Company) and Tuchman (collectively, the  Dismissed Defendants ) was entered in the Delaware Court
of Chancery. The Dismissal Order, which was dated June 10, 2016, dismissed with prejudice the claims brought by the Plaintiffs
against the Dismissed Defendants. The Dismissal Order did not dismiss the claims against Jackson, CPM, CPA or PIA.  

There
are no other legal proceedings against the Company or any of its officers or directors.  

From
time to time, the Company may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of the Company s rights under contracts with its portfolio companies. While the outcome of these
legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not expect that these proceeding will have a material effect
upon its business, financial condition or results of operations.  

NOTE
10   UNCONSOLIDATED SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES   

The
Company s investments are primarily in private small and lower middle-market companies. In accordance with Rules 3.09 and
4.08(g) of Regulation S-X, the Company must determine which of its unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies are considered
 significant subsidiaries , if any. In evaluating these investments, there are three tests utilized to determine if
any of the Company s control investments are considered significant subsidiaries; the investment test, the asset test, and
the income test. Rule 3.09 of Regulation S-X, as interpreted by the SEC, requires the Company to include separate audited financial
statements of any unconsolidated majority-owned subsidiary in an annual report if any of the three tests exceed 20% of the Company s
total investments at fair value, total assets or total income. Rule 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X requires summarized financial information
of an unconsolidated  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

subsidiary
in an annual report if any of the three tests exceeds 10% of the Company s total investments at fair value, total assets
or total income and summarized financial information in a quarterly report if any of the three tests exceeds 20% of the Company s
total amounts.  

As
of December 31, 2015, the Company had one single majority owned control investment that represented greater than 20% of its total
investments. After performing the income test for the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company has determined that its income
from one of its majority owned control investments generated more than 20% of its total income, primarily due to the unrealized
appreciation (depreciation) that was recognized on the investments during the year ended December 31, 2015. As such, Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc. and Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. were considered significant subsidiaries at the 20% level
as of December 31, 2015. The audited financial statements for Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. and Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions,
Inc are filed with this Form 10-K .  

Additionally,
Integrated Medical Partners, LLC, an unconsolidated portfolio company that was a control investment, but which was not majority-owned
by the Company, was also considered a significant subsidiary at the 10% level at December 31, 2015. The following tables shows
the summarized financial information for Integrated Medical Partners, LLC (numbers in thousands):  

NOTE
11   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Portfolio
Activity   

Performance
                                         Alloys, LLC has been in payment default on its senior subordinated note to the Company
                                         since January 1, 2016.    

South
                                         Boots Hill, LLC has been in payment default on its senior note to the Company since January
                                         1, 2016.    

In
                                         February 2016, the Company entered into a modification agreement of the Senior Secured
                                         Note Purchase Agreement with Lone Star Brewery Development, Inc. to defer the interest
                                         payment due on December 31, 2015 to March 31, 2016. The company earned a $25,000 modification
                                         fee for the modification. Lone Star Brewery Development, Inc. defaulted on the payments
                                         due on March 31, 2016.    

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

On
                                         June 30, 2016, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. made a partial interest payment on the first
                                         lien loan with an indication for the remaining amount to come by the end of the month.
                                         Since that time, Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. has notified the Company that it will not
                                         be able to make the remaining interest payment due for the second quarter 2016 and will
                                         not be able to make future interest payments on the first lien loan or the revolver at
                                         the present time.    

On
                                         August 30, 2016, the Company re-structured its investment in Performance Alloys, LLC
                                         to provide much needed liquidity.  The Company amended its Subordinated Note effective
                                         as of July 1, 2016 by reducing the outstanding principal balance to $6,750,000, reducing
                                         the interest rate to 6% and extending the maturity date to March 31, 2018.  The
                                         principal amount that was reduced under the Subordinated Note was exchanged for one Class
                                         B Membership unit in Performance Alloys, LLC, which entitles the Company to 25.97%, not
                                         to exceed $4,698,500, of the first $18,092,001 of proceeds and 8.46% of all remaining
                                         proceeds under a liquidity event.  Performance Alloys, LLC also received an option
                                         to extend the Subordinated Note at their election for a period of one year from March
                                         31, 2018.  If Performance Alloys, LLC elects to exercise that option, the interest
                                         rate on the Subordinated Note will increase to 9% for the extended period. At closing,
                                         Performance Alloys, LLC cured all defaults with the Company along with its first lienholder
                                         and received its July and August interest making this a performing note again for the
                                         Company.  The company also received an amendment fee in the amount of $33,750.     

On
                                         December 1, 2016, the Company amended its Subordinated Note with Performance Alloys,
                                         LLC in order to facilitate a refinance of their first lienholder with a new bank. The
                                         Company agreed to extend its maturity date to May 30, 2020 and include an automatic increase
                                         in its interest rate to 9% on July 1, 2018.    

Investment
Advisory Agreement   

On
January 18, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company conditionally approved the New Investment Advisory Agreement between the
Company and Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (the  New Investment Advisory Agreement ), subject
to the approval of the Company s stockholders at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. On June 9, 2016, the Company s
stockholders approved the New Investment Advisory Agreement. The effective date of the New Investment Advisory Agreement was June
9, 2016. The Board of Directors of the Company previously approved the termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement between
the Company and Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC (the  Terminated Investment Advisory Agreement ), such termination
becoming effective on June 9, 2016, the date the New Investment Advisory Agreement was approved and adopted by the stockholders
of the Company. The administrative services of the Company are also provided by Princeton Advisory Group. Inc. and subject to
reimbursement of administrative related expenses under the New Investment Advisory Agreement.  

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

   NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   December
31, 2015   

Schedule
12-14   

The
table below represents the fair value of control and affiliate investments at December 31, 2014 and any amortization, purchases,
sales, and realized and change in unrealized gain (loss) made to such investments, as well as the ending fair value as of December
31, 2015.  

(1)
 Non-income producing security.  

   (2)   Includes
PIK interest and common stock issued in exchange for investments.  

End
of notes to financial statements.  

Item
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE    

None.  

Item
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES    

(a)   
       Evaluation
    of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

The
Company s management, under the direction, supervision, and involvement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, has carried out an evaluation, as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) of the Company. Based on this evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer has concluded
that disclosure controls and procedures in place at the Company are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely on the definition of  disclosure controls
and procedures  in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.  

(b)   
       Management s
    Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.    

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting,
as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Under the direction, supervision
and participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, the
Company s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based
on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (1992) ( COSO-Framework ). Based upon that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO have concluded that
except for the late filing of the Form 10-K due to delays experienced in finalizing the accounting for the transaction on March
13, 2015, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules for non-accelerated filers by the Securities and Exchange Commission permitting the
company to provide only management s report in this annual report.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, a change in our internal controls over financial reporting occurred related to the transaction
on March 13, 2015. The Company is now externally managed by Princeton Investment Advisors and has separate individuals acting
as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of the Company. Multiple individuals will
oversee the financial reporting of the company and allow for a greater segregation of duties.  

Item
9B. OTHER INFORMATION   

Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers   

In
connection with the acquisition of the debt and equity investments of the Partnerships all of the Company s former officers
and directors resigned, effective immediately prior to closing the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement. Accordingly,
Stephen E. Boynton, Bernard L. Brodkorb, Charles J. Newman, James Olchefski and Robert M. Terry resigned as directors of Princeton
Capital and any committee thereof. No director resigned because of any disagreement with Princeton Capital on any matter relating
to Princeton Capital operation, policies, or practices. Mr. Newman ceased to be Princeton Capital s Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. At a Special Meeting of the Stockholders held on March 6, 2015, the stockholders elected
a new board of directors to serve following the closing of the transactions on March 13, 2015 contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.
The new board of directors subsequently elected new officers of the Company.  

On
September 9, 2015, the Company accepted the resignation of Martin Tuchman as a director. There were no disagreements with the
Company, known to an executive officer of the Company, on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.   

PART
III    

Item
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    

Directors
and Executive Officers Information   

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our directors, executive officers and significant employees as
of December 31, 2015:  

The
address for each of our directors is c/o Princeton Capital Corporation, One Riverway, Suite 2020, Houston, TX 77056.  

Interested
Directors   

ALFRED
JACKSON  serves as the Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Jackson is also a partner of Princeton Investment Advisors and
is responsible for sourcing investment opportunities, investor relations, capital raising and overall firm strategy. Prior to
founding Capital Point, Mr. Jackson had over 22 years of investment experience with institutional asset management firms. Mr.
Jackson is the founder of the Inroads Group Ltd., an investment firm that includes several asset classes and is the majority owner
of the CPP group. He also spent 17 years as a principal with Davis Hamilton Jackson and Associates ( DHJA ), an institutional
asset management firm with $4 billion under management, investing in public debt and equity securities. Prior to DHJA, Mr. Jackson
was Vice President of the Institutional Fixed Income Division of Capital Municipal Securities. Mr. Jackson is a past or current
Board of Directors Member of the University of Texas Exes Investment Committee, Houston Children s Museum, and is currently
President of the Bakari Scholarship Fund. He is also a former Board of Directors Member of the University of Texas Health Science
Center and a Trustee of the Houston Municipal Pension System. Mr. Jackson received his B.A. from The University of Texas at Austin.  

MUNISH
SOOD  serves as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President. He is also a partner of Princeton Investment Advisors
and is responsible for sourcing, analyzing, structuring, and closing new investment opportunities as well as managing portfolio
investments. Mr. Sood is founder and Chief Investment Officer of Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. since November 2002. Mr. Sood
is a founder and Chairman of First Choice Bank, since 2007. Mr. Sood is also founder of Cross Point Capital, LLC, a registered
broker dealer in the U.S. which specializes in trading securities and raising capital for institutional clients. Prior to forming
Princeton Advisory Group, Inc., Mr. Sood co-founded BoTree Investments, LLC, in 2001 where he was the Chief Investment Officer.
Mr. Sood was responsible for managing and investing in structured products and overseeing all investment activity in Botree Asset
Management, LLC. Prior to Botree, Mr. Sood was the Senior Portfolio Manager at Global Value Investors, Inc. from January 1999
to April 2001. Prior to Global Value Investors, Inc., Mr. Sood was a Senior Analyst/Trader at Penn Capital Management, Inc. From
1996 to 1998 he was an associate at Bankers Trust focusing on fixed income arbitrage. He holds a Chartered Financial Analyst designation
and is a member of the Investment Analyst Society of New York and the CFA Institute. Mr. Sood received a Bachelor of Science in
Finance   Accounting from Rider University.  

Independent
Directors   

THOMAS
JONES, JR.  is a founder of and partner in McConnell Jones Lanier   Murphy LLP ( MJLM ), an accounting and
consulting firm based in Houston, Texas, where he supervises a staff of approximately 200 professional and administrative support
staff. Mr. Jones has over 35 years of experience in accounting, tax, treasury management, banking, and investment management services.
He is also the sole manager of each of TKNET, LLC  

and
Huntjon LLC, two real estate development companies. Mr. Jones serves on the board of directors of Spirit of Texas Bank, where
he is a member of the senior loan committee and the compensation committee and serves as chairman of the bank s audit committee.
He was a founding board member of Royal Oaks Bank where he also serves on the senior loan committee and chairman of its audit
committee. Prior to founding MJLM, Mr. Jones served as manager of the treasury management division of Chase Bank of Texas where
he developed and marketed treasury and risk strategies and products to Fortune 500 and mid-sized companies. Mr. Jones holds both
a Series 24 and Series 7 securities license through Homer Townsend and Kent, Inc., a registered investment advisory firm and broker/dealer
and wholly-owned subsidiary of Penn Mutual Insurance Company. He is a past president of Dominion Community Development Corporation
and a current board member of Florida A M University Foundation, Inc. and the Greater Houston Convention and Visitors Bureau.
Mr. Jones received his B.S. in Accounting from Florida A M University.  

TRENNIS
L. JONES  has over 16 years of executive experience, including 8 years in key positions at companies in the financial services
industry. From February 1999 to January 2002 Mr. Jones was a principal with Barclays Global Investors. From February 2002 to February
2007 he was with VALIC, formerly AIG Valic, where he was Senior Vice President/National Managing Director for the Higher Education
of VALIC. Since March 2007 Mr. Jones has been Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Seton Family of Hospitals
where he is responsible for risk management and corporate compliance amongst other areas. Mr. Jones was also on the Seton Board
of Trustees from August 1998 until assuming his current position. Mr. Jones holds a B.S. in Government from Lamar University and
a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Texas.  

Other
Executive Officers   

GREGORY
J. CANNELLA  serves as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Cannella is responsible for financial reporting,
investor communications, financial modeling and due diligence and analysis of acquisitions and dispositions. Prior to working
at Capital Point Partners, L.P., Mr. Cannella was an Asset Manager at First Commonwealth Holdings Corp., a wealth management firm
in Houston, Texas, where he was responsible for managing various commercial and multi-family residential real estate investment
funds as well as oversight of accounting functions and reporting for the funds. Mr. Cannella received a B.B.A. in Management from
Stephen F. Austin State University and an M.B.A. with honors in Accounting and Finance from the University of Houston. He is a
Certified Public Accountant in the State of Texas.  

JOY
SHEEHAN  serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. Ms. Sheehan is Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer at Princeton Advisory
Group, Inc. As the firm s Chief Compliance Officer, she heads the compliance and legal function across the firm s
hedge fund, structured product and credit business. Ms. Sheehan s responsibilities also include oversight of the Operations
department. Prior to joining Princeton in August 2003, Ms. Sheehan was a senior associate at Penn Capital Management, an investment
advisory firm that managed CBOs and high yield bonds. With over twenty years  experience in the investment industry, Ms.
Sheehan has worked within the back office, mid and front office as well as compliance and client service departments. Joy holds
the Investment Adviser Certified Compliance Professional  (IACCP ) designation.  

Exchange
Act Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance   

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who own more than ten percent
(10%) of a registered class of our equity securities to file an initial report of ownership on Form 3 and changes in ownership
on Form 4 or 5 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such officers, directors and ten percent (10%) shareholders are also
required by the SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.  

Based
solely on a review of such copies of reports and written representations delivered to the Company by such persons, certain of
our executive officers, directors and ten percent (10%) shareholders failed to timely comply with all Section 16(a) filing requirements
due to an administrative error. Messrs. Jackson, Sood, Jones, Jones, Jr., and Tuchman (each a director or former director of the
Company) failed to timely file an initial report of ownership on Form 3, Mr. Cannella and Ms. Sheehan (each an officer of the
Company) failed to timely file an initial report of ownership on Form 3, and Capital Point Partners, L.P. (a ten percent (10%)
shareholder) failed to timely file an  

initial
report of ownership on Form 3. The administrative error was due to a failure to file the forms on behalf of each of the parties,
after being timely received by the Company. The Form 3 s were to be filed on or before March 23, 2015. On February 9, 2016,
Messrs. Sood, Jones, Jones, Jr., Cannella, and Ms. Sheehan each filed their initial report of ownership on Form 3 and on March
8, 2016, Mr. Jackson and Capital Point Partners, L.P., each filed their initial report of ownership on Form 3. Mr. Tuchman never
filed a Form 3 and resigned from the Company s board of directors on September 9, 2015.  

Other
than the late filings described above, we believe the Company s executive officers, directors and ten percent (10%) shareholders
have complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them through the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.  

Code
of Ethics    

Our
code of ethics, which is signed by directors and executive officers of the Company, requires that directors and executive officers
avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between an individual s personal interests and the interests of the
Company. Pursuant to the code of ethics which is available on our website under the  Corporate Governance  link under
the  Princeton Capital Corporation  link at  www.princetoncapitalcorp.com , each director and executive officer
must disclose any conflicts of interest, or actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict, to the audit committee.
Certain actions or relationships that might give rise to a conflict of interest are reviewed and approved by the board of directors.  

Nomination
of Directors   

There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors implemented
since the filing of our Proxy Statement filed on July 13, 2015.  

Audit
Committee   

The
members of the audit committee as of December 31, 2015m are Messrs. Jones and Jones, each of whom meets the independence standards
established by the SEC and the NASDAQ (the  NASDAQ ) for audit committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940
Act. Mr. Thomas Jones serves as chairman of the audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Thomas Jones is
an  audit committee financial expert  as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. The board of directors has adopted a charter of the audit committee, which is available in print to any
stockholder who requests it and it is also available on the Company s website at  www.princetoncapitalcorp.com .  

The
audit committee is responsible for approving our independent accountants, reviewing with our independent accountants the plans
and results of the audit engagement, approving professional services provided by our independent accountants, reviewing the independence
of our independent accountants and reviewing the adequacy of our internal accounting controls. The audit committee is also responsible
for aiding our board of directors in fair value pricing debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or for which current
market values are not readily available. The board of directors and audit committee utilizes the services of an independent valuation
firm to help them determine the fair value of these securities.  

Board
and Committee Meetings   

During
the Company s fiscal year ending December 31, 2015, the board of directors held a total of three meetings and approved no
Actions by Written Consent. During that time, no incumbent Director attended fewer than 100% of the aggregate of the total number
of meetings of the board of directors (held during the period for which he has been a Director).  

Item
11. EXECUTIVE AND DIRECTOR COMPENSATION    

Compensation
of Executive Officers   

None
of our officers receives direct compensation from Princeton Capital Corporation. However, Messrs. Jackson and Sood, through their
financial interests in Princeton Investment Advisors, will be entitled to a portion of any investment advisory fees paid by Princeton
Capital Corporation to Princeton Investment Advisors under the Investment Advisory Agreement, which includes any fees payable
to Princeton Investment Advisors under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, less expenses incurred by Princeton Investment
Advisors in performing its services under the Investment Advisory Agreement. The compensation paid by Princeton Investment Advisors
to its other investment personnel may include: (i) annual base salary; (ii) annual cash bonus; (iii) portfolio-based performance
award; and (iv) individual performance award and/or individual performance bonus.  

Mr.
Cannella, our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and Ms. Sheehan, our Chief Compliance Officer, through Princeton
Advisory Group, Inc., will be paid by Princeton Investment Advisors subject to reimbursement of PCC Administrator LLC, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Princeton Investment Advisors, by Princeton Capital Corporation of its allocable portion of such compensation
for services rendered by them to Princeton Capital Corporation under the Administration Agreement. To the extent that PCC Administrator
LLC outsources any of its functions, we will reimburse PCC Administrator LLC for the fees associated with such functions without
profit or benefit to PCC Administrator LLC or Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Compensatory
Arrangements of Certain Officers   

Neither
the Company nor Regal One issued stock options or granted stock grants during the fiscal year 2015.  Regal One s Chief
Executive Officer did not receive any salary or other compensation other than direct expense reimbursements.  During 2015,
the Company did not have any direct employees and its officers were direct employees of either the Company s external investment
adviser, Princeton Investment Advisors, or one of Princeton Investment Advisors  members, Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. 
Princeton Investment Advisors was compensated through an Investment Advisory Agreement with the Company.  PCC Administrator
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Princeton Investment Advisors, was reimbursed for administrative expenses provided to the Company
through an Administration Agreement.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the former independent directors that were in office until March 13, 2015 received fees in the
total amount of $3,600.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015, the independent directors that were elected on March 13,2015 received an annual fee of $30,000.
They also received $1,500 plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending in person
or telephonically each regular board of directors meeting and each special telephonic meeting. They also received $1,500 plus
reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with each committee meeting attended in person and each
telephonic committee meeting. The chairmen of the audit committee, the valuation committee and the nominating and corporate governance
committee received an annual fee of $3,500, respectively. We have obtained directors  and officers  liability insurance
on behalf of our directors and officers. No compensation is paid to directors who are  interested persons.  For the
year ended December 31, 2015 there was no executive compensation.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015, Bernard Brodkorb earned $16,170 in fees related to accounting services for work performed not
related to being a director.  

As
of December 31, 2015, there is no compensation committee as the Company does not have any employees.  

Indemnification   

As
permitted by the provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and as required by the Company s Charter and Bylaws,
the Corporation shall indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification,
shall pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to (a) any individual who is a present
or former director or officer of the Company and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness in, the proceeding
by reason of his or her service in that capacity or (b) any individual who, while a director or officer of the Company and at
the request of the Company, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, member, manager or trustee of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture,  

limited
liability company, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to, or witness
in, the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity.  

This
obligation of the Company is further supported by Indemnification Agreements entered into by the Company and certain of its directors
and officers. The Indemnification Agreements set forth the standard of review for the Company s board of directors to consider
when determine whether a director or officer is entitled to indemnification. The standard is as follows:      If,
by reason of indemnitee s corporate Status, Indemnitee is, or is threatened to be, made a party to any Proceeding, the Company
shall indemnify Indemnitee against all judgments, penalties, fines and amounts paid in settlement and all Expenses actually and
reasonably incurred by Indemnitee or on Indemnitee s behalf in connection with any such Proceeding unless it is established
that (a) the act or omission of Indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the Proceeding and (i) was committed
in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) Indemnitee actually received an improper
personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal Proceeding, Indemnitee had reasonable
cause to believe that Indemnitee s conduct was unlawful.    

Summary
of Non-Employee Director Compensation Table   

The
following table summarizes the compensation for our non-employee board of directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015:  

No
additional Director compensation has been authorized for services for the period from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015
and through the date of this Form 10-K report filing.  

Item
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS    

The
following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2015, the beneficial ownership of each current director, each nominee for director,
the Company s executive officers, each person known to us to beneficially own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of the
Company s common stock, and the executive officers and directors as a group.  

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Percentage of ownership is based on 120,486,061 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2015.  

Unless
otherwise indicated, to our knowledge, each stockholder listed below has sole voting and investment power with respect to the
shares beneficially owned by the stockholder, except to the extent authority is shared by their spouses under applicable law.
Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all executive officers and directors is c/o Princeton Capital Corporation, One Riverway,
Suite 2020, Houston, Texas 77056.  

The
Company s directors are divided into two groups   interested directors and independent directors. Interested directors
are  interested persons  as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act.  

*Less
than 1%  

(1)     Beneficial
                                         ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Securities Exchange
                                         Act of 1934, as amended.  

(2)     Mr.
                                         Jackson, by virtue of (i) his position as manager of Capital Point Advisors, LP, a Delaware
                                         limited liability company, the investment adviser to and (ii) control of the general
                                         partner of CPPII and control of CPP may be deemed to beneficially own 10,922,327 shares
                                         of our common stock held by CPP II and 1,033,029 shares of our common stock held by CPP
                                         I. Mr. Jackson disclaims beneficial ownership of any shares directly held by CPII, except
                                         to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.  

(3)     This
                                         information is based on information included in the Schedule 13D filed with the SEC.  

The
following table sets forth as of December 31, 2015, the dollar range of our securities owned by our directors and executive officers.  

Name       
       Dollar
    Range of Equity     
      Securities Beneficially    
      Owned  (1), (2)      
 
      Interested Directors       

Alfred Jackson       
      Over $100,000   
 
      Munish Sood       
      None   

Independent Directors       

Thomas Jones Jr.       
      None   
 
      Trennis L. Jones       
      None   
 
      Martin
    Tuchman  (3)        
      None   

Executive Officers       

Gregory J. Cannella       
      None   
 
      Joy Sheehan       
      None   

(1)     The
                                         dollar range of the equity securities beneficially owned is based on the closing price
                                         per share of the Company s common stock of $0.31 on December 31, 2015 on the Over-the-Counter
                                         Bulletin Board  Pink Sheet  market.  

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End   

At
the end of fiscal year 2015, there were no outstanding equity awards, unexercised stock options, or equity incentive plan awards
vested or not vested due to Company Officers or outside consultants.  

Item
13.     CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   

The
board of directors has adopted a policy relating to the approval of transactions with related persons that are required to be
disclosed in statements by SEC regulations, which are commonly referred to as  Related Person Transactions.  A  related
person  is defined under the applicable SEC regulation and includes our directors, executive officers and 5% or more beneficial
owners of our common stock. The board of directors administers the procedures with regards to related person transactions. Approval
of a related person transaction requires the affirmative vote of the majority of disinterested directors. In approving any related
person transaction, the disinterested directors must determine that the transaction is fair and reasonable to the Company. The
policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of any related party transaction are written and disclosed on
the Company s website.  

Summarized
below are certain transactions and business relationships between Princeton Capital Corporation and persons who are or were an
executive officer, director or holder of more than five percent of any class of our securities during the last two fiscal years:  

Princeton
Investment Advisors is beneficially owned and controlled by Alfred Jackson, the Company s Chairman.  Munish Sood, the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and President, owns a 30% interest in Princeton Investment Advisors through his company,
Princeton Advisory Group, Inc.   PCC Administrator LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Princeton Investment Advisors.  

Gregory
J. Cannella served as the Chief Financial Officer of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. ( RSG ), one of the Company s
portfolio companies, until September 24, 2015. He had a stock option agreement with RSG, granted on January 28, 2013, with the
right to earn up to 103.8961 shares or approximately 8% of RSG. This stock option agreement was canceled on May 12, 2015 with
no consideration coming from RSG or the Company.  

In
May 2015, RSG created a wholly owned subsidiary, Southwest Hospitality Group, LLC ( SHG ), for the purpose of entering
into franchise agreement with a new restaurant group. In July 2015, SHG was transferred to Sivco, Inc. and then signed a franchise
agreement with this new restaurant group. Sivco, Inc. is majority owned and controlled by Alfred Jackson, a Director of the Company
and minority-owned by Munish Sood, a Director, President and CEO of the Company.  

For
the year ended December 31, 2015 and 2014, Mr. Bernard L. Brodkorb, who is a Director of Regal One Corporation, received $16,170
and $74,900, respectively, in fee compensation for providing accounting and financial reporting services not related to his duties
as a Director of Regal One Corporation and no compensation for being a Director.  

Director
Independence   

In
accordance with rules of the NASDAQ, the board of directors annually determines the independence of each director. No director
is considered independent unless the board of directors has determined that he or she has no material relationship with the Company.
The Company monitors the status of its directors and officers through the activities of the Company s nominating and corporate
governance committee and through a questionnaire to be completed by each director no less frequently than annually, with updates
periodically if information provided in the most recent questionnaire has changed.  

In
order to evaluate the materiality of any such relationship, the board of directors uses the definition of director independence
set forth in the rules promulgated by the NASDAQ Stock Market. Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that a director of a BDC shall be considered
to be independent if he or she is not an  interested person  of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the
1940 Act. Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act defines an  interested person  to  

include,
among other things, any person who has, or within the last two years had, a material business or professional relationship with
the Company.  

The
board of directors has determined that each of the directors is independent and has no relationship with the Company, except as
a director and stockholder of the Company, with the exception of Messrs. Jackson and Sood, who are interested persons of the Company
due to their positions as officers of the Company and/or officers of Princeton Investment Advisors, our external investment adviser.  

Item
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANTS FEES AND SERVICES    

The
following table presents fees for professional services rendered by Boulay PLLP for fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.  

The
following table presents fees for professional services for fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 rendered by Boulay PLLP for the
period from January 1, 2015 to June 18, 2015, and by Crowe Horwath LLP for the period from June 19, 2015 through October 19, 2015,
the periods they were engaged as the Company s auditors.  

Services
rendered by the above accounting firms in connection with fees presented above were as follows:  

Audit
Fees.   Audit fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for
the audit of our annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
and the review of our quarterly financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains
fees for comfort letters, statutory audits, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC.  

Audit-Related
Fees.   Audit related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant,
such as attest services that are not required by statute or regulation.  

Tax
Fees.   Tax fees include professional fees for tax compliance and tax advice.  

All
Other Fees.   Fees for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above.  

Recent
Change in Auditor   

As
disclosed on our Form 8-K filed by the Company on June 25, 2015, the Company informed Boulay PLLP ( Boulay ) that
it was being dismissed as the Company s independent auditors for the 2015 fiscal year on June 19,  

2015.
The Audit Committee subsequently appointed Crowe Horwath LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as the Company s
independent auditors for the 2015 fiscal year on June 19, 2015.  

The
report of Boulay on the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 did not contain an adverse
opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, nor was it qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.
In connection with the audit of the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and in the
subsequent interim period preceding Boulay s dismissal, there were: (i) no disagreements with Boulay on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosures, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved
to the satisfaction of Boulay would have caused Boulay to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection
with its reports, and (ii) no reportable events of the type listed in paragraphs (A) through (D) of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation
S-K.  

During
the Company s fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and through the interim period preceding Boulay s dismissal, the
Company has not consulted Crowe Horwath regarding either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction,
either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered with respect to the Company s financial
statements; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a  disagreement  or  reportable event  as those
terms are defined in Item 304(a)(1) of Regulation S-K; and there was neither a written report nor oral advice provided to the
Company by Crowe Horwath that Crowe Horwath concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision
as to any auditing or financial reporting issue.  

Pre-Approval
Policy   

The
Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services
to be provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee
pre-approve all audit and non-audit services performed by the independent auditor in order to assure that the provision of such
service does not impair the auditor s independence. In accordance with the pre-approval policy, the Audit Committee includes
every year a discussion and pre-approval of such services and the expected costs of such services for the year.  

Any
requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval at the first Audit Committee
meeting of the year must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective of the amount, and cannot
commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit
Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members
to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting.
The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered public
accounting firm to management.  

PART
IV    

Item
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES    

b.    Exhibits  

The
following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the
SEC:  

Exhibit   
         
       Description    

2.1  
         
      Agreement
    and Plan of Merger between Regal One Corporation and Princeton Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
    2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015).   

3.1  
         
      Articles
    of Amendment and Restatement (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form
    8-K), filed on March 19, 2015).   

3.2*  
         
      Articles
    of Amendment of Princeton Capital Corporation   

3.3  
         
      Bylaws
    (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015).   

4.1  
         
      Form
    of Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
    on March 19, 2015).   

10.1  
         
      Investment
    Advisory Agreement between Registrant and Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1
    of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 19, 2015).   

10.2  
         
      Custody
    Agreement between Registrant and U.S. Bank, N.A. (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 of Registrant s Annual
    Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015).   

10.3  
         
      Administration
    Agreement between Registrant and PCC Administrator LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of Registrant s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015).   

10.4  
         
      Dividend
    Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on
    April 15, 2015).   

10.5  
         
      License
    Agreement between the Registrant and Princeton Investment Advisors, LLC (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.5 of Registrant s
    Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015).   

10.6  
         
      Form
    of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and the executive officers and directors. (Incorporated by reference from
    Exhibit 10.6 of Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on April 15, 2015).   

14.1*  
         
      Code
    of Ethics   

16  
         
      Letter
    from Crowe Horwath LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated October 22, 2015 (Incorporated by reference from Exhibit
    16 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on October 22, 2015)   

31.1*  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

31.2*  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.   

32*  
         
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
    906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.   

99.1*  
         
      Audited
    Financial Statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014   

99.2*  
         
      Audited
    Financial Statements of Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015   

*  
      Filed herewith.   

SIGNATURES    

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Princeton Capital
    Corporation   

By:  
      /s/
    Munish Sood   

Munish Sood   

Chief Executive Officer   

Dated:
December 14, 2016  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

NAME  
         
      TITLE  
         
      DATE   

/s/
    Munish Sood  
         
      Chief Executive Officer and Director,  
         
      December
    14, 2016   
 
      Munish
    Sood  
         
      (Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/
    Gregory J. Cannella  
         
      Chief Financial Officer   
         
      December
    14,      2016   
 
      Gregory
    J. Cannella  
         
      (Principal Financial and Accounting
    Officer)  

/s/
    Darren Stainrod  
         
      Director  
         
      December
    14, 2016   
 
      Darren
    Stainrod  

/s/
    Martin Laidlaw  
         
      Director  
         
      December
    14, 2016   
 
      Martin
    Laidlaw  

/s/
    Greg Bennett  
         
      Director  
         
      December
    14, 2016   
 
      Greg
    Bennett  

/s/
    Mark DiSalvo  
         
      Director  
         
      December
    14, 2016   
 
      Mark
    DiSalvo  

-  105  - 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 f10k2015ex3ii_princetoncap.htm
 ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT OF PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT   
 OF  
 PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION  

Princeton Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation,
having its principal office at 351 West Camden Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21201 (hereinafter called the   Corporation  ),
hereby certifies to the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland ( SDAT ) that: 

FIRST:  The Corporation desires to amend its
Charter as currently in effect. 

SECOND:  The Charter of the Corporation is
hereby amended as follows: 

(a)           Article IV, Section 4.1 of the Charter of the
Corporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Section 4.1      Number, Vacancies and Declassification
of Directors . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. The
number of directors of the Corporation is three, which number may be increased or decreased only by the Board of Directors pursuant
to the Bylaws of the Corporation (the  Bylaws ), or the charter of the Corporation (the  Charter ), but
shall never be less than the minimum number required by the Maryland General Corporation Law (the  MGCL ). A director
shall have the qualifications, if any, as specified in the Bylaws. 

The Corporation elects, at such time as it becomes eligible
pursuant to Section 3-802 of the MGCL to make the election provided for under Section 3-804(c) of the MGCL, that, subject to applicable
requirements of the 1940 Act and except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series
of Preferred Stock (as hereinafter defined), any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director
elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which such vacancy occurred and
until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. 

Subject to the other provisions of this Section 4.1, the Board
of Directors is and shall remain classified into three (3) groups of Directors, with the Directors of each class serving for a
term expiring at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held during the third (3 rd ) year after election (except as set forth
in this Section 4.1) and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified. Effective as of the
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, the terms of newly elected Directors shall be as follows: (i) the Directors  elected
to hold office at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders shall hold office for a term expiring in accordance with such Directors
class and until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and shall have qualified, and (ii) at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held in 2017 and at each 

Annual Meeting of Stockholders thereafter, all Directors shall
be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The classification of the Board of Directors
shall terminate at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in 2017 and, thereafter, all Directors shall be elected in accordance
with clause (ii) above. The names of the current Directors who shall serve until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders in the
year when their respective term expires and until their successors are duly elected and qualify are as follows: 

(b)           Article IV, Section 4.9 of the Charter of the
Corporation is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

Section 4.9        Removal of Directors . Any director, or
the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of holders
of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast in the
election of directors. 

(c)           Article IV of
the Charter of the Corporation shall be amended by adding a new Section 4.11 as follows: 

Section 4.11      Stockholder Action without a Meeting .
The holders of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Corporation have the right to take any
action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders to be taken without a meeting, without
prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing or by electronic transmission, setting forth the action to
be taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all outstanding shares of capital
stock entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation to be filed with the minutes of
proceeding of the stockholders of the Corporation. If the stockholders exercise their right to take such action without a meeting,
in accordance with Section 2-505(b)(2) of the MGCL, the Corporation shall give notice of the action not later than 10 days after
the effective date of the action to each holder of the class of common stock and to each stockholder who, if the action had been
taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting. 

THIRD:  The amendments do not increase the
authorized stock of the Corporation. 

FOURTH:  The foregoing amendments to the
Charter of the Corporation have been advised by the Board of Directors at a board meeting held on April 20,2016 and approved by
the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with Section 2-604 of the Maryland General Corporation Law at the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders held on June 9, 2016. 

[ Signature Page Follows ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Corporation has caused
these Articles of Amendment to be signed in its name and on its behalf by its President and Chief Executive Officer and attested
by its Secretary on this 9 day of June, 2016. 

ATTEST:  
       
      PRINCETON CAPITAL CORPORATION   

By: 

Secretary 
       
     Munish Sood, President and Chief Executive Officer  

THE UNDERSIGNED, President and Chief Executive Officer of PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION, who executed on behalf of the Corporation the foregoing Articles of Amendment of which this certificate is
made a part, hereby acknowledges in the name and on behalf of said Corporation the foregoing Articles of Amendment to be the corporate
act of said Corporation and hereby certifies that to the best of his knowledge, information, and belief the matters and facts set
forth therein with respect to the authorization and approval thereof are true in all material respects under the penalties of perjury. 

Munish Sood, President and Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-3.2>

<EX-14.1>
 3
 f10k2015ex14i_princetoncap.htm
 CODE OF ETHICS

Exhibit 14.1   

PRINCETON
CAPITAL CORPORATION   

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT, ETHICS AND STATEMENT ON THE    
  PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING    

Ratified
and Confirmed as of December 6, 2016   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT, ETHICS AND    
  STATEMENT ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING    

Table
of Contents   

Page    
 
        INTRODUCTION    
      1   
 
        PURPOSE
    OF THE CODE    
      1   
 
        PRINCIPLES
    OF BUSINESS CONDUCT    
      2   
 
        Conflicts
    of Interest    
      2   
 
        Corporate
    Opportunities    
      2   
 
        Confidentiality    
      2   
 
        Fair
    Dealing    
      2   
 
        Protection
    and Proper Use of Company Assets    
      3   
 
        Compliance
    with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations    
      3   
 
      Accuracy
    of Company Records  
      3   
 
        Equal
    Opportunity, Harassment    
      4   
 
        Gifts    
      4   
 
        Political
    Contributions    
      5   
 
        Media
    Relations    
      6   
 
        Intellectual
    Property Information    
      6   
 
        Internet
    and E-Mail Policy    
      6   
 
        Reporting
    Violations and Complaint Handling    
      7   
 
        CODE
    OF ETHICS    
      7   
 
        Scope
    of the Code of Ethics    
      7   
 
        Definitions    
      8   
 
        Standards
    of Conduct    
      9   
 
        Prohibited
    Transactions    
      10   
 
        Management
    of the Restricted List    
      11   
 
        Procedures
    to Implement the Code of Ethics    
      11   
 
        Reporting
    Requirements    
      11   
 
        Pre-Clearance
    Reports    
      12   
 
        Initial
    Holdings Reports    
      12   
 
        Quarterly
    Transaction Reports    
      12   
 
        Annual
    Holdings Reports    
      13   
 
        Annual
    Certification of Compliance    
      13   
 
        STATEMENT
    ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING    
      13   
 
        Summary
    of PCC s Business Activities    
      13   
 
        Background    
      14   
 
        Policy    
      14   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

-  i  -      

Who
    is an Insider?    
      15   
 
        What
    is Material Information?    
      15   
 
        What
    is Non-public Information?    
      15   
 
        Bases
    for Liability    
      15   
 
        Penalties
    for Insider Trading    
      16   
 
        Controlling
    the Flow of Sensitive Information    
      16   
 
        ADMINISTRATION
    OF THE CODE    
      17   
 
        SANCTIONS
    FOR CODE VIOLATIONS    
      18   
 
        APPLICATION/WAIVERS    
      18   
 
        RECORDS    
      18   
 
        REVISIONS
    AND AMENDMENTS    
      18   

Appendices

Code
    Acknowledgment Form  
      A-1   

Pre-Clearance
    Form  
      B-1   

Initial
    Holdings Form  
      C-1   

Quarterly
    Pre-Clearance Form  
      D-1   

Annual
    Holdings Form  
      E-1   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

-  ii 
                                                                                        - 

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT, ETHICS AND    
  STATEMENT ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING    

INTRODUCTION    

Ethics
are important to Princeton Capital Corporation (   PCC   ,    our   ,    us   ,
  or      we   ) and to its management. PCC is committed to the highest ethical standards and
to conducting its business with the highest level of integrity.  

All
officers, directors and employees of PCC and its investment adviser, Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. (the    investment
adviser   ), are responsible for maintaining this level of integrity and for complying with the policies contained
in this Code. If you have a question or concern about what is proper conduct for you or anyone else, please raise these concerns
with PCC s Chief Compliance Officer or any member of PCC s management, or follow the procedures outlined in applicable
sections of this Code.  

This
Code of Business Conduct, Ethics and Statement on the Prohibition on Insider Trading (collectively, the    Code   )
has been adopted by the Board of Directors of PCC in accordance with Rule 17j-1(c) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as
amended (the    1940 Act   ), and the May 9, 1994 Report of the Advisory Group on Personal Investing by
the Investment Company Institute (the    Report   ). Rule 17j-1 generally describes fraudulent or manipulative
practices with respect to purchases or sales of securities held or to be acquired by business development companies if effected
by access persons of such companies.  

PURPOSE
OF THE CODE    

This
Code is intended to:  

help
    you recognize ethical issues and take the appropriate steps to resolve these issues;   

deter
    ethical violations to avoid any abuse of position of trust and responsibility;   

maintain
    confidentiality of our business activities;   

assist
    you in complying with applicable securities laws;   

assist
    you in reporting any unethical or illegal conduct; and   

reaffirm
    and promote our commitment to a corporate culture that values honesty, integrity and accountability.   

Further,
it is the policy of PCC that no affiliated person of our organization shall, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly
or indirectly, by such person of any security held or to be acquired by PCC:  

employ
    any device, scheme or artifice to defraud us;   

make
    any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state to us a material fact in order to make the statement made, in light
    of the circumstances under which it is made, not misleading;   

engage
    in any act, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon us; or   

engage
    in any manipulative practices with respect to our business activities.   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

All
employees, as a condition of employment or continued employment, will acknowledge annually, in writing, that they have received
a copy of this Code, read it, and understand that the Code contains our expectations regarding their conduct.  

PRINCIPLES
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT    

All
employees will be subject to the following guidelines covering business conduct:  

Conflicts
of Interest    

You
must avoid any conflict, or the appearance of a conflict, between your personal interests and our interests. A conflict exists
when your personal interests in any way interfere with our interests, or when you take any action or have any interests that may
make it difficult for you to perform your job objectively and effectively. For example, a conflict of interest probably exists
if:  

you
    cause us or the investment adviser to enter into business relationships with you or a member of your family, or invest in
    companies affiliated with you or a member of your family;   

you
    use any non-public information about us or the investment adviser, our customers or our other business partners for your personal
    gain, or the gain of a member of your family; or   

you
    use or communicate confidential information obtained in the course of your work for your or another s personal benefit.   

Corporate
Opportunities    

Each
of us has a duty to advance the legitimate interests of PCC when the opportunity to do so presents itself. Therefore, you may
not:  

take
    for yourself personally opportunities, including investment opportunities, discovered through the use of your position with
    us or the investment adviser, or through the use of either s property or information;   

use
    our or the investment adviser s property, information, or position for your personal gain or the gain of a family member;
    or   

compete,
    or prepare to compete, with us or the investment adviser.   

Confidentiality    

You
must not disclose confidential information regarding us, the investment adviser, our affiliates, our lenders, our clients, or
our other business partners, unless disclosure is authorized or required by law. Confidential information includes all non-public
information that might be harmful to, or useful to the competitors of PCC, our affiliates, our lenders, our clients, or our other
business partners. This obligation continues even after you leave PCC, until the information becomes publicly available.  

Fair
Dealing    

You
must endeavor to deal fairly with our customers, suppliers and business partners, or any other companies or individuals with whom
we do business or come into contact with, including fellow employees and our competitors. You must not take unfair advantage of
these or other parties by means of:  

manipulation;   

concealment;   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

abuse
    of privileged information;   

misrepresentation
    of material facts; or   

any
    other unfair-dealing practice.   

Protection
and Proper Use of Company Assets    

Our
assets are to be used only for legitimate business purposes. You should protect our assets and ensure that they are used efficiently.  

Incidental
personal use of telephones, fax machines, copy machines, personal computers and similar equipment is generally allowed if there
is no significant added cost to us, it does not interfere with your work duties, and is not related to an illegal activity or
to any outside business.  

Compliance
with Applicable Laws, Rules and Regulations    

Each
of us has a duty to comply with all laws, rules and regulations that apply to our business. Highlighted below are some of the
key compliance guidelines that must be followed.  

Insider
    trading. It is against the law to buy or sell securities using material information that is not available to the public. Individuals
    who give this  inside  information to others may be liable to the same extent as the individuals who trade while
    in possession of such information. You must not trade in our securities, or the securities of our affiliates, our lenders,
    our clients, or our other business partners while in the possession of  inside  information. All employees are
    required to be familiar and comply with our Insider Trading Policy and Procedures.   

Whistleblower 
    protections. It is against the law to discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or discriminate in any manner against
    an employee who provides information or otherwise assists in investigations or proceedings relating to violations of federal
    securities laws or other federal laws prohibiting fraud against shareholders. You must not discriminate in any way against
    an employee who engages in these  whistleblower  activities.   

Accuracy
    of Company Records. We require honest and accurate recording and reporting of information in order to make responsible business
    decisions. This includes such data as quality, safety, and personnel records, as well as financial records. All financial
    books, records and accounts must accurately reflect transactions and events, and conform both to required accounting principles
    and to our system of internal controls.   

Retaining
    Business Communications. The law requires us to maintain certain types of corporate records, usually for specified periods
    of time. Failure to retain those records for those minimum periods could subject us to penalties and fines, cause the loss
    of rights, obstruct justice, place us in contempt of court, or seriously disadvantage us in litigation.   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

From
time to time we establish retention or destruction policies in order to ensure legal compliance. We expect you to fully comply
with any published records retention or destruction policies, provided that you should note the following exception: If you believe,
or we inform you, that our records are relevant to any litigation or governmental action, or any potential litigation or action,
then you must preserve those records until we determine the records are no longer needed. This exception supersedes any previously
or subsequently established destruction policies for those records. If you believe that this exception may apply, or have any
questions regarding the possible applicability of that exception, please contact our Chief Compliance Officer.   

Equal
Opportunity, Harassment    

We
are committed to providing equal opportunity in all of our employment practices including selection, hiring, promotion, transfer,
and compensation of all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, sex or gender, sexual orientation, religion,
age, national origin, handicap, disability, citizenship status, or any other status protected by law. With this in mind, there
are certain behaviors that will not be tolerated. These include harassment, violence, intimidation, and discrimination of any
kind involving race, color, sex or gender, sexual orientation, religion, age, national origin, handicap, disability, citizenship
status, marital status, or any other status protected by law.  

Gifts    

Gifts
can appear to compromise the integrity and honesty of our personnel. On the other hand, business colleagues often wish to provide
small gifts to others as a way of demonstrating appreciation or interest. We have attempted to balance these considerations in
the policy which follows.  

No
person employed by PCC shall accept a gift or other thing of more than de minimis value ($100 or less) from any person or entity
that does business with, or is soliciting business from, PCC. Gifts exceeding that amount per person must be returned and the
gift, its approximate value and its disposition reported to the Chief Compliance Officer. PCC personnel may accept gifts in the
form of customary business entertainment (meals, tickets to sporting or other entertainment events) so long as the giver will
be present at the entertainment. Gifts to the firm as a whole or to an entire department (for example, accounting, analysts, etc.)
may exceed the $100 limitation, but such gifts must be approved by the Chief Compliance Officer.  

All
gifts shall be reflected in a gift log, containing a basic description of the gift, a good faith estimate of the value of the
gift, and a description of its disposition, i.e., accepted, rejected, returned to sender, etc.  

Solicitation
of gifts is strictly prohibited.  

Standards
for giving gifts are identical to those governing the acceptance of gifts (that is they should be restricted to items worth $100
or less). On the whole, good taste and judgment must be exercised in both the receipt and giving of gifts. Every person subject
to this code must avoid gifts or entertainment that would compromise PCC s standing or reputation. If you are offered or
receive any gift which is either prohibited or questionable, you must inform the Chief Compliance Officer immediately.  

Please
talk to our Chief Compliance Officer if you have any questions about how to comply with the above regulations and other laws,
rules and regulations.  

In
addition, we expect you to comply with all our policies and procedures that apply to you. We may modify or update our policies
and procedures in the future, and may adopt new company policies and procedures from time to time. You are also expected to observe
the terms of any confidentiality agreement, employment agreement or other similar agreement that applies to you.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Political
Contributions    

Our
investment adviser encourages its employees to be actively involved in the civic affairs of the communities in which they live.
When speaking on public issues, however, employees should do so only as individual citizens of the community and must be careful
not to create the impression that they are acting for, or representing the views of, Princeton Capital Corporation or its investment
adviser.  

The
SEC, along with certain states, municipalities and public pension plans, have adopted regulations limiting or completely
disqualifying investment advisers from providing services to, or accepting placements from, a government entity if certain
political contributions 1  are made or solicited 2  by the investment adviser, certain of its employees,
or, in some instances, an employee s spouse or civil union partner or an entity  controlled  by the
employee (collectively,    Employee Affiliates   ). Under these  pay to play  regulations,
a single prohibited political contribution to a candidate or officeholder, political party, political action committee or
other political organization at practically every level of government (including local, state and federal) may preclude the
Firm from providing services to, or accepting placements from, the applicable government entity and may compel the firm to
repay compensation received by the Firm in connection with such services or placements.  

Any
employee and his or her Employee Affiliates wishing to make or solicit any such contributions must submit a contribution request
to the Chief Compliance Officer, and such submission shall include all pertinent information related to the proposed contribution,
including, but not limited to, the individual wishing to contribute 3 , amount of the contribution, the name of the
intended recipient, the nature of the recipient s candidacy, whether the proposed recipient holds an existing political
office (whether local, state or federal), and whether the employee (or Employee Affiliate, where applicable)) is legally entitled
to vote for the proposed recipient. Because of the serious nature of the sanctions applicable to a pay to play violation, requests
to make contributions to candidates seeking election to state and local offices generally will not be approved. In select instances,
the Chief Compliance Officer may grant an exception to this policy. Those instances may include situations where the employee
is legally entitled to vote for the candidate, in which case the request may be approved up to $350, where the employee is not
legally entitled to vote for the candidate but the contribution is $150 or less, where an Employee Affiliate has an independent
basis for the contribution, or where it is clear that a proposed contribution to a state or local official is not only lawful,
but clear of potential conflicts. In all instances, such exceptions will be logged, documented and preserved pursuant to applicable
recordkeeping requirements.  

1  Contributions
include cash, checks, gifts, subscriptions, loans, advances, deposits of money,  in kind  contributions (e.g., the
provision of free professional services) or anything else of value provided for the purpose of influencing an election for a federal,
state or local office, including any payments for debts incurred in such an election. 

2  Solicitation of contributions encompasses
any fundraising activity on behalf of a candidate, campaign or political organization, including direct solicitation, hosting
of events and/or aggregating, coordinating or  bundling  the contributions of others. 

3   In the case of an Employee
Affiliate, the Chief Compliance Officer must make a determination that the contribution is not indirectly a contribution by the
employee; i.e. that the Employee Affiliate has an independent basis for the contribution.   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

It
is expected that every employee will explain the importance of compliance with this policy to his/her Employee Affiliates, and
ensure their clear understanding of the obligation to follow these requirements. Moreover, the applicable laws in this area are
complex and a trap for the unwary   no employee should attempt to decide for himself or herself whether a contribution is
prohibited or permissible. Employees are responsible for complying with and tracking their own political contribution limits.  

The
pay to play laws also prohibit actions taken indirectly that our investment adviser or its employees could not take directly without
violating the law. For example, it is improper and unlawful to provide funds to a third party (such as a consultant or attorney)
with the understanding that the third party will use such funds to make an otherwise prohibited contribution. Such indirect violations
may trigger disqualification of our investment adviser and result in other sanctions, including possible criminal penalties. If
any employee learns of facts and circumstances suggesting a possible indirect violation, that employee must report and such facts
and circumstances to the Chief Compliance Officer immediately.  

In
order to ensure compliance with this policy, at least annually, or more frequently as may be determined by the Chief Compliance
Officer, every employee must submit to the Chief Compliance Officer a disclosure and certification setting forth all political
contributions made by the employee and his/her Employee Affiliates for the previous two (2) years or confirming that no such contributions
have been made. For each disclosed contribution, employees must also provide all associated documentation, including invitations
solicitations, correspondence, e-mails, and any cancelled checks and other documents reflecting payment. The Chief Compliance
Officer may also require that new employees, prior to commencement of employment with or service to our investment adviser, report
to the Chief Compliance Officer any political contributions made in the prior two (2) years in order to verify compliance with
applicable pay to play laws or regulations.  

Media
Relations    

We
must speak with a unified voice in all dealings with the press and other media. As a result, our Chairman, or his designee, is
the sole contact for media seeking information about PCC. Any requests from the media must be referred to our Chairman, or his
designee.  

Intellectual
Property Information    

Information
generated in our business is a valuable asset. Protecting this information plays an important role in our growth and ability to
compete. Such information includes business and research plans; objectives and strategies; trade secrets; unpublished financial
information; salary and benefits data; lender and other business partner lists. Employees who have access to our intellectual
property information are obligated to safeguard it from unauthorized access and:  

Not
    disclose this information to persons outside of PCC;   

Not
    use this information for personal benefit or the benefit of persons outside of PCC; and   

Not
    share this information with other employees except on a legitimate  need to know  basis.   

Internet
and E-Mail Policy    

We
provide an e-mail system and Internet access to certain of our employees to help them do their work. You may use the e-mail system
and the Internet only for legitimate business purposes in the course of your duties. Incidental and occasional personal use is
permitted, but never for personal gain or any improper or illegal use. Further, you are prohibited from discussing or posting
information regarding PCC in any external electronic forum, including Internet chat rooms, electronic bulletin boards or social
media sites.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Reporting
Violations and Complaint Handling    

You
are responsible for compliance with the rules, standards and principles described in this Code. In addition, you should be alert
to possible violations of the Code by PCC s or the investment adviser s employees, officers and directors, and you
are expected to report a violation promptly. Normally, reports should be made to one s immediate supervisor. Under some
circumstances, it may be impractical or you may feel uncomfortable raising a matter with your supervisor. In those instances,
you are encouraged to contact our Chief Compliance Officer who will investigate and report the matter to our Chairman and/or Board
of Directors, as the circumstance dictates. You will also be expected to cooperate in an investigation of a violation.  

Anyone
who has a concern about our conduct, the conduct of an officer of PCC or its investment adviser or our accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters, may communicate that concern to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors by direct communication
with our Chief Compliance Officer or by email or in writing. All reported concerns shall be forwarded to the Audit Committee and
will be simultaneously addressed by our Chief Compliance Officer in the same way that other concerns are addressed by us. The
status of all outstanding concerns forwarded to the Audit Committee will be reported on a quarterly basis by our Chief Compliance
Officer. The Audit Committee may direct that certain matters be presented to the full board and may also direct special treatment,
including the retention of outside advisors or counsel, for any concern reported to it.  

All
reports will be investigated and whenever possible, requests for confidentiality shall be honored. And, while anonymous reports
will be accepted, please understand that anonymity may hinder or impede the investigation of a report. All cases of questionable
activity or improper actions will be reviewed for appropriate action, discipline or corrective actions. Whenever possible, we
will keep confidential the identity of employees, officers or directors who are accused of violations, unless or until it has
been determined that a violation has occurred.  

There
will be no reprisal, retaliation or adverse action taken against any employee who, in good faith, reports or assists in the investigation
of, a violation or suspected violation, or who makes an inquiry about the appropriateness of an anticipated or actual course of
action.   

For
reporting concerns about PCC s or its investment adviser s conduct, the conduct of an officer of PCC or its investment
adviser, or about PCC s or its investment adviser s accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters,
you may use the following means of communication:   

ADDRESS :  
      Princeton Capital Corporation   

4422 Route 27, Bldg C Ste 1  

  Box
89  

  Kingston,
NJ 08528  

In
the case of a confidential, anonymous submission, employees should set forth their concerns in writing and forward them in a sealed
envelope to the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, in care of our Chief Compliance Officer, such envelope to be labeled with
a legend such as:  To be opened by the Audit Committee only.   

CODE
OF ETHICS    

The
employees specified in the following discussion will be subject to the provisions of the Code of Ethics (   CofE   ).  

Scope
of the Code of Ethics    

In
order to prevent PCC s Access Persons, as defined below, from engaging in any of these prohibited acts, practices or courses
of business, the Board of Directors of PCC has adopted this CofE.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Definitions    

Access
Person .  Access Person  means any director, officer, partner, employee or Advisory Person of PCC; provided, however,
that the term  Access Person  will not include a  Disinterested Director  (as defined below).  

Advisory
Person .  Advisory Person  of PCC means: (i) any director, officer or employee of PCC or of any company in a control
relationship to PCC, who, in connection with his or her regular duties, makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding
the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by PCC, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendations with respect
to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a control relationship to PCC who obtains information concerning recommendations
made to PCC with regard to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security. An  Advisory Person  shall not include a  Disinterested
Director  (as defined below).  

Automatic
Investment Plan .  Automatic Investment Plan  refers to any program in which regular periodic purchases (or withdrawals)
are made automatically in (or from) investment accounts in accordance with a predetermined schedule and allocation, including
a dividend reinvestment plan.  

Beneficial
Interest .  Beneficial Interest  includes any entity, person, trust, or account with respect to which an Access
Person exercises investment discretion or provides investment advice. A beneficial interest shall be presumed to include all accounts
in the name of or for the benefit of the Access Person, his or her spouse, dependent children, or any person living with him or
her or to whom he or she contributed economic support.  

Beneficial
Ownership .  Beneficial Ownership  shall be determined in accordance with Rule 16a-1(a)(2) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the    Exchange Act   ), except that the determination of direct or indirect Beneficial
Ownership shall apply to all securities, and not just equity securities, that an Access Person has or acquires. Rule 16a-1(a)(2)
provides that the term  beneficial owner  means any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement,
understanding, relationship, or otherwise, has or shares a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in any equity security. Therefore,
an Access Person may be deemed to have Beneficial Ownership of securities held by members of his or her immediate family sharing
the same household, or by certain partnerships, trusts, corporations, or other arrangements.  

Blackout
Period .  Blackout Period  shall mean that timeframe in which PCC or an Access Person, or Disinterested Director
with knowledge of PCC s trading activity, may not engage in trading in an issue, or its related securities, appearing on
the PCC Restricted List as described below.  

Control .
 Control  shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the 1940 Act.  

Covered
Security .  Covered Security  means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the 1940 Act except that it does
not include: (i) direct obligations of the government of the United States; (ii) bankers  acceptances, bank certificates
of deposit, commercial paper and high quality short-term debt instruments including repurchase agreements; and (iii) shares issued
by registered open-end investment companies (i.e., mutual funds); however, exchange traded funds structured as unit investment
trusts or open-end funds are considered  Covered Securities .  

Disinterested
Director .  Disinterested Director  means a director of PCC who is not an  interested person  of PCC
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act.  

Initial
Public Offering .  Initial Public Offering  means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act
of 1933 (the    Securities Act   ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject
to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.  

Limited
Offering .  Limited Offering  means an offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant
to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505 or Rule 506 under the Securities Act.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Purchase
or Sale of a Covered Security .  Purchase or Sale of a Covered Security  is broad and includes, among other things,
the writing of an option to purchase or sell a covered security, or the use of a derivative product to take a position in a Covered
Security.  

Restricted
List . The Restricted List identifies those securities which PCC or its Access Persons may not trade due to some restriction
under the securities laws whereby PCC or its Access Persons may be deemed to possess material non-public information (as it is
described within the following  Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading ) about the issuer of such securities.  

Supervised
Person . A  Supervised Person  means any partner, officer, director (or other person occupying a similar status
or performing similar functions), or employee of any entity that provides investment advice on behalf of PCC and is subject to
the supervision and control of PCC; provided, however, that the term  Supervised Person  shall not include a  Disinterested
Director  (as defined above).  

Standards
of Conduct    

1.       No
Access Person, Supervised Person or Disinterested Director shall engage, directly or indirectly, in any business transaction or
arrangement for personal profit that is not in the best interests of PCC or its shareholders; nor shall he or she make use of
any confidential information gained by reason of his or her employment by or affiliation with PCC, or any of its affiliates, in
order to derive a personal profit for himself or herself or for any Beneficial Interest, in violation of the fiduciary duty owed
to PCC and its shareholders.  

2.       Any
Access Person recommending or authorizing the purchase or sale of a Covered Security by PCC shall, at the time of such recommendation
or authorization, disclose any Beneficial Interest in, or Beneficial Ownership of, such Covered Security or the issuer thereof.  

3.       No
Access Person, Supervised Person or Disinterested Director shall dispense any information concerning securities holdings or securities
transactions of PCC to anyone outside PCC without obtaining prior written approval from our Chief Compliance Officer, or such
person or persons as these individuals may designate to act on their behalf. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, such Access
Person may dispense such information without obtaining prior written approval:  

when
    there is a public report containing the same information;   

when
    such information is dispensed in accordance with compliance procedures established to prevent conflicts of interest between
    PCC and its affiliates;   

when
    such information is reported to directors of PCC; or   

in
    the ordinary course of his or her duties on behalf of PCC.   

4.       All
personal securities transactions should be conducted consistent with this CofE and in such manner as to avoid actual or potential
conflicts of interest, the appearance of a conflict of interest, or any abuse of an individual s position of trust and responsibility
within PCC.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Prohibited
Transactions    

1.        General
Prohibition . No Access Person shall purchase or sell, directly or indirectly, any Covered Security (including any security
issued by the issuer of such Covered Security) in which he or she has, or by reason of such transaction acquires, any direct or
indirect Beneficial Ownership and which such Access Person knows or should have known at the time of such purchase or sale is
being considered for purchase or sale by PCC, or is held in the PCC portfolio unless such Access Person shall have obtained prior
written approval for such purpose from our Chief Compliance Officer.  

An
    Access Person who becomes aware that PCC is considering the purchase or sale of any Covered Security must immediately notify
    our Chief Compliance Officer of any interest that such Access Person may have in any outstanding Covered Security (including
    any security issued by the issuer of such Covered Security).   

An
    Access Person shall similarly notify our Chief Compliance Officer of any other interest or connection that such Access Person
    might have in or with such issuer.   

Once
    an Access Person becomes aware that PCC is considering the purchase or sale of a Covered Security in its portfolio, such Access
    Person may not engage in any transaction in such Covered Security (including any security issued by the issuer of such Covered
    Security).   

The
    foregoing notifications or permission may be provided verbally, but should be confirmed in writing as soon and with as much
    detail as possible.   

2.        Securities
Appearing on the Portfolio and Pipeline Reports and Restricted List . The holdings of the PCC portfolio are detailed in the
Portfolio Report that will be distributed daily to all Access Persons. Access Persons will also receive, as frequently as necessary,
the names of those entities that are being considered for investment by the PCC portfolio in the Pipeline Report. Access Persons
are required to review these reports and the Restricted List prior to engaging in any securities transactions.  

3.        Initial
Public Offerings and Limited Offerings . Access Persons of PCC must obtain approval from PCC before directly or indirectly
acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering.  

4.        Securities
under Review . No Access Persons shall execute a securities transaction in any security issued by an entity that PCC owns in
its portfolio or is considering for purchase or sale unless such Access Person shall have obtained prior written approval for
such purpose from our Chief Compliance Officer.  

5.        Trades
of PCC Securities . All Access Persons are prohibited from buying or selling shares issued by PCC except during an open trading
window announced by the Chief Compliance Officer. Except with the express written consent of the Chief Compliance Officer, all
Access Persons are prohibited from buying or selling options on, or futures or other derivatives related to, shares issued by
PCC, and are likewise prohibited from selling short shares of PCC.  

6.        Blackout
Period . No Access Person may trade in the securities of any issuer appearing on the Restricted List until notified that the
entity name no longer appears on the Restricted List. Access Persons are also prohibited from trading in the names appearing on
the Pipeline and Portfolio Reports (as discussed above).  

7.        Company
Acquisition of Shares in Companies that Access Persons Hold Through Limited Offerings . Access Persons who have been authorized
to acquire securities in a Limited Offering must disclose that investment to our Chief Compliance Officer when they are involved
in PCC s subsequent consideration of an investment in the issuer, and PCC s decision to purchase such securities must
be independently reviewed by Investment Personnel with no personal interest in that issuer.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Management
of the Restricted List    

Our
Chief Compliance Officer will manage placing and removing names from the Restricted List. Should an Access Person learn of material
non-public information concerning the issuer of any security that information must be provided to our Chief Compliance Officer
so that the issuer can be included on the Restricted List. The Chief Compliance Officer will note the nature of the information
learned, the time the information was learned and the other persons in possession of this information. The Chief Compliance Officer
will maintain this information in a log. Upon the receipt of such information, our Chief Compliance Officer will revise and circulate
the Restricted List to all Access Persons.  

Any
sub-advisers to PCC or the investment advisor, or affiliated investment advisers, will be directed to advise PCC when they have
obtained information that causes them to be restricted from trading in the securities of any of the names appearing in the PCC
portfolio. This information will be provided to our Chief Compliance Officer who will add the name(s) to the Restricted List and
electronically circulate the revised list to Access Persons. Sub-advisors, or affiliated investment advisors, will also be required
to notify PCC s Chief Compliance Officer if they are restricted from trading in the securities of any of the issuers discussed
with PCC for possible inclusion in the PCC portfolio.  

The
contents of the Restricted List are highly confidential and must not be disclosed to any person or entity outside of PCC absent
approval of our Chief Compliance Officer or the Chairman.  

Procedures
to Implement the Code of Ethics    

The
following reporting procedures have been established to assist Access Persons in avoiding a violation of this Code, and to assist
PCC in preventing, detecting and imposing sanctions for violations of this Code. Every Access Person must follow these procedures.
Questions regarding these procedures should be directed to our Chief Compliance Officer.  

All
Access Persons are subject to the reporting requirements set forth in the next section except:  

with
    respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Security (including any security issued by the issuer of such Covered Security)
    held in, any account over which the Access Person has no direct or indirect influence or control; or   

Those
    transactions effected pursuant to an Automatic Investment Plan.   

Reporting
Requirements    

PCC
shall appoint a Chief Compliance Officer who shall furnish each employee with a copy of this Code along with the other sections
of the Code, and any amendments, upon commencement of employment and annually thereafter.  

Each
Supervised Person is required to certify, through a written acknowledgment, within 10 days of commencement of employment, that
he or she has received, read and understands all aspects of the Code and recognizes that he or she is subject to the provisions
and principles detailed therein. In addition, our Chief Compliance Officer shall notify each Access Person of his or her obligation
to file an initial holdings report, quarterly transaction reports, and annual holdings reports, as described below.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Pre-Clearance
Reports    

Access
Persons of PCC must obtain approval from our Chief Compliance Officer prior to entering into a transaction in a Limited Offering
or an Initial Public Offering. Pre-clearance of trades in securities issued by companies whose names appear on the Pipeline and
Portfolio Reports is also required of Access Persons. The preclearance form shall include the name of the Access Person, the date,
the name of the broker who will execute the transaction, the name of the security, quantity, whether the transaction is a purchase
or sale, total anticipated dollar value and any pertinent instructions, i.e., GTC, limit, etc. There will also be a line for approval
or disapproval along with space for comments and the date.  

If
our Chief Compliance Officer does not approve the transaction the reason for denial must be provided on the pre-clearance form.  

Initial
Holdings Reports    

Each
Access Person must, no later than 10 days after the person becomes an Access Person, submit to our Chief Compliance Officer or
other designated person a report of the Access Person s current securities holdings. The information provided must be current
as of a date no more than 45 days prior to the date the person becomes an Access Person. The report must include the following:  

the
    title and type of the security and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, the number of shares held for
    each security, and the principal amount;   

the
    name of any broker, dealer or bank with which the Access Person maintains an account in which any securities are held for
    the Access Person s direct or indirect benefit; and   

the
    date the Access Person submits the report.   

Quarterly
Transaction Reports    

Each
Access Person must, no later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, submit to our Chief Compliance Officer or other
designated person a report of the Access Person s transactions involving a Covered Security (including any security issued
by the issuer of such Covered Security) in which the Access Person had, or as a result of the transaction acquired, any direct
or indirect Beneficial Ownership. The report must cover all transactions occurring during the calendar quarter most recently ending.
The report must contain the following information:  

the
    date of the transaction;   

the
    title and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, of each reportable security involved, the interest rate
    and maturity date of each reportable security involved, the number of shares of each reportable security involved, and the
    principal amount of each reportable security involved;   

the
    nature of the transaction (i.e., purchase, sale or other type of acquisition or disposition);   

the
    price of the security at which the transaction was effected;   

the
    name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through which the transaction was effected; and   

the
    date the Access Person submits the report.   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Annual
Holdings Reports    

Each
Access Person must submit, to our Chief Compliance Officer or other designated person, an annual holdings report reflecting holdings
as of a date no more than 45 days before the report is submitted. The Annual Holdings Report must be submitted at least once every
12 month period, on a date to be designated by PCC. Our Chief Compliance Officer will notify every Access Person of the date.
Each report must include:  

the
    title and, as applicable, the exchange ticker symbol or CUSIP number, of each reportable security involved, the interest rate
    and maturity date of each reportable security involved, the number of shares of each reportable security involved, and the
    principal amount of each reportable security involved;   

the
    name of any broker, dealer or bank with which the Access Person maintains an account in which any securities are held for
    the Access Person s direct or indirect benefit; and   

the
    date the Access Person submits the report.   

Annual
Certification of Compliance    

All
Access Person must annually certify, through a written acknowledgment, to the Chief Compliance Officer that (1) they have read,
understood and agree to abide by this CofE; (2) they have complied with all applicable requirements of this Code; and (3) they
have reported all transactions and holdings that they are required to report under this Code.  

STATEMENT
ON THE PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING    

Failure
by you to recognize the importance of safeguarding information and using information appropriately is greatly detrimental both
to your future and to PCC s. The information provided below should provide a useful guide about what constitutes insider
trading and material inside information.  

Summary
of PCC s Business Activities    

PCC
is a publicly traded Business Development Company registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and regulated under
the Investment Company Act of 1940. PCC offers individual investors access to private debt with a focus on first lien secured
loans, second lien secured loans, and, to a lesser extent, subordinated loans or mezzanine debt. Generally, these loans are held
with private companies that have not issued any public securities. In rare instances, however, there may be securities available
in the marketplace for issuers in which PCC holds a loan position.  

It
is not expected that in the course of its loan trading activities that PCC will receive access to information that is not already
in the public domain. However, certain data sources may make information available to PCC that has not been fully disseminated
in the marketplace. If this situation arises and PCC has an opportunity to opt to receive the information, the Access Person that
encounters this situation will raise the situation with their supervisors and our Chief Compliance Officer to decide whether to
opt to receive the information or decline to receive the information. If the decision is made to receive the information, our
Chief Compliance Officer will update the Restricted List as it is discussed in the Code.  

In
the unlikely event that you come into possession of information that is not publicly available, either through your work with
us or outside of the workplace, you will be required to adhere to the Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading (the   Statement  )
as described in the following pages. You will also be subject to certain reporting requirements in connection with complying with
PCC s Code beginning with the requirement to notify our Chief Compliance Officer.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Background    

The
securities laws and the rules and regulations of the self-regulatory organizations are designed to assure that the securities
markets are fair and honest, that material information regarding a company is publicly available, and that a security s
price and volume are determined by the free interplay of economic forces. The anti-fraud rules of the federal securities laws
prohibit, in connection with the purchase or sale of a security:  

making
    an untrue statement of a material fact;   

omitting
    to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made not misleading;   

engaging
    in acts, practices or courses of business which would be fraudulent or deceptive.   

Violation
of these provisions is a crime that may result in imprisonment and can have other very serious repercussions for both the Firm
and the employee. Violators may be censured by the government or self-regulatory organizations, suspended, barred from the securities
business or fined. In addition, violations may result in liability under the Federal Securities Laws, including the Insider Trading
Sanctions Act of 1984 (   ITSA   ) and the Insider Trading and Securities Fraud Enforcement Act of 1988
(   ITSFEA   ). PCC s actions with respect to any violations will be swift and forceful, since it
is the victim of any such abuse.  

In
this connection, a violation of the PCC s policies and procedures regarding confidential information, disclosure and the
use of confidential information may result in dismissal, suspension without pay, loss of pay or bonus, loss of severance benefits,
demotion or other sanctions, whether or not the violation of Firm policy or procedure also constituted a violation of law. Trading
while in possession of or tipping on the basis of non-public information could also result in civil or criminal liability which
could lead to imprisonment, fines and/or a requirement of disgorgement of any profits realized, and as a result of the violation,
to an injunction prohibiting the violator from being employed in the securities industry. The Firm may initiate or cooperate in
proceedings resulting in such penalties.  

Policy    

No
person to whom the Statement applies, including officers, directors or employees of PCC, may trade, either personally or on behalf
of others, while in possession of material non-public information, nor may any officer, director or employee communicate material
non-public information to others in violation of the law. This conduct is referred to as  insider information . Any
questions regarding this policy and procedure should be directed to our Chief Compliance Officer.  

While
the law concerning insider trading is not rigid, it generally is understood to prohibit:  

trading
    by an insider, while in possession of material non-public information;   

trading
    by a non-insider while in possession of material non-public information where the information either was disclosed to the
    non-insider in violation of an insider s duty to keep it confidential or was misappropriated; or   

communicating
    material non-public information to others.   

The
elements of a claim for insider trading and the penalties for unlawful conduct are described below.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

Who
is an Insider?    

The
concept of an  insider  is broad. It includes officers, directors and employees of a company. In addition, a person
can be a  temporary insider  if he or she enters into a special confidential relationship in the conduct of a company s
affairs and as a result is given access to information solely for the company s purposes. A temporary insider can include,
by way of example, attorneys, accountants, consultants, bank lending officers and employees of such organizations. According to
the Supreme Court, a company must expect the outsider to keep the disclosed nonpublic information confidential and the relationship
must at least imply such a duty before the outsider will be considered an insider.  

What
is Material Information?    

Trading
on information is not a basis for liability unless the information is material. Information generally is considered  material 
if there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the information important in making an investment
decision, or if the information is reasonably certain to have a substantial effect on the price of a company s securities.
Information that should be considered material includes, but is not limited to: dividend changes, earnings estimates not previously
disseminated, material changes in previously released earnings estimates, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements,
major litigation, liquidation problems and extraordinary management developments.  

Material
information does not have to relate to a company s business. For example,  Carpenter v. United States  108 S. Ct. 316
(1987), the Supreme Court considered as material certain information about the contents of a forthcoming newspaper column that
was expected to affect the market price of a security. In that case, a  Wall Street Journal  reporter was found criminally
liable for disclosing to others the dates that reports on various companies would appear in the Journal and whether or not those
reports would be favorable.  

Any
questions that you may have as to whether information is material must be addressed with our Chief Compliance Officer before acting
in any way on such information.  

What
is Non-public Information?    

Information
is non-public until it has been effectively communicated to the market place. One must be able to point to some fact to show that
the information is public. For example, information found in a report filed with the SEC, or appearing in Reuters, Bloomberg or
a Dow Jones publication or in any other publication of general circulation would, generally, be considered public. In certain
instances, information disseminated to certain segments of the investment community may be deemed  public . For example,
research communicated through institutional information dissemination services such as First Call. The amount of time since the
information was first disseminated ordinarily is a factor regarding whether information is considered public.  

Bases
for Liability    

Described
below are circumstances under which a person or entity may be deemed to have traded on inside information, and prohibitions applicable,
in particular to investment advisors.  

1.        Fiduciary
Duty Theory . In 1980 the Supreme Court found that there is no general duty to disclose before trading on material non-public
information, but that such a duty arises where there is a fiduciary relationship between the parties to the transaction. In such
case, one party as a right to expect that the other party will not disclose any material non-public information and will refrain
from trading.  Chiarella v. U.S.  445 U.S. 22 (1980).  

Insiders
such as employees of an issuer are ordinarily considered to have a fiduciary duty to the issuer and its shareholders. In  Dirks
v. SEC , 463 U.S. 646 (1983), the Supreme Court stated alternative theories by which such fiduciary duties are imposed on non-insiders:
they can enter into a confidential relationship with the company such as, among others, attorneys and accountants (   temporary
insiders   ) or they can acquire a fiduciary duty to the company s shareholders as  tippees  if
they are aware or should have been aware that they have been given confidential information by an insider or temporary insider
who has violated his fiduciary duty to the company s shareholders.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

In
the  tippee  situation, a breach of duty occurs only if the insider or temporary insider personally benefits, directly
or indirectly, from the disclosure. The benefit does not have to be of a financial nature, but can be a gift, a reputational benefit
that will translate into future earnings, or even evidence of a relationship that suggests a quid pro quo.  

2.        Misappropriation
Theory . Another basis for insider trading liability is the  misappropriation  theory, where liability is established
when trading occurs on material non-public information that was stolen or misappropriated from another person. In  Carpenter
v. United States , the Court found that a columnist defrauded  The Wall Street Journal  by communicating information prior
to its publication to another person who used the information to trade in the securities markets. It should be noted that the
misappropriation theory can be used to reach a variety of individuals not previously thought to be encompassed under the fiduciary
duty theory.  

Penalties
for Insider Trading    

Penalties
for trading on or communicating material non-public information are severe, both for individuals involved in such conduct and
their employers. A person can be subject to some or all of the penalties below even if he or she does not personally benefit from
the violation. Penalties include the following:  

jail
    sentences;   

civil
    injunction;   

treble
    damages;   

disgorgement
    of profits;   

fines
    for the person who committed the violation of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided, whether or not the person
    actually benefited; and   

fines
    for the employer or other controlling person of up to the greater of $1,000,000 or three times the amount of the profit gained
    or loss avoided.   

Controlling
the Flow of Sensitive Information    

The
following procedures have been established to assist the officers, directors and employees of PCC in controlling the flow of sensitive
information so as to avoid the possibility of trading on material non-public information either on behalf of PCC or for themselves
and to assist PCC and its supervisory personnel in surveilling for, and otherwise preventing and detecting, insider trading. Every
officer, director and employee of PCC must follow these procedures or risk serious sanctions by one or more regulatory authorities
and/or PCC, including dismissal, substantial personal liability and criminal penalties. If you have any questions about these
procedures, you should consult our Chief Compliance Officer.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

1.        Identifying
Inside Information . Before trading for yourself or others in the securities of a company about which you have what you believe
to be inside information, ask yourself the following questions:  

Is
    the information non-public? To whom has this information been provided? Has the information been effectively communicated
    to the marketplace? To what extent, for how long, and by what means has the information been disseminated? If information
    is non-public, it normally may not be used in connection with effecting securities transactions; however, if you have any
    doubts whatsoever as to whether the information is public, you must ask our Chief Compliance Officer prior to trading on,
    or communicating (except in accordance with the procedures and requirements herein) such information.   

Is
    the information material? Is this information that an investor would consider important in making his or her investment decision?
    Is this information that would substantially affect the market price of the securities if generally disclosed?   

If,
after consideration of the above, you believe that the information may be material and non-public, or if you have questions in
that regard, you should take the following steps:  

Report
    the matter immediately to our Chief Compliance Officer.   

Do
    not purchase or sell the securities on behalf of yourself or others.   

Do
    not communicate the information inside or outside of PCC, other than to our Chief Compliance Officer.   

After
    our Chief Compliance Officer has reviewed the issue, you will be instructed to continue the prohibitions against trading and
    communication, or you will be allowed to communicate the information and then trade.   

2.        Restricting
Access to Material Non-public Information . Information in your possession that you identify as material and non-public may
not be communicated to anyone, except as provided in paragraph 1 above. In addition, care should be taken so that such information
is secure. For example, files containing material nonpublic information should be sealed; access to computer files containing
material non-public information should be restricted.  

3.        Personal
Security Trading . All officers, directors and employees must trade in accordance with the provisions of the CofE as well as
the Statement in order to assist PCC with monitoring for violations of the law.  

4.        Restricted
List . As defined in the Code, PCC s Chief Compliance Officer will maintain a Restricted List. Disclosure outside of
PCC as to what issuers and/or securities are on the Restricted List could therefore constitute tipping and is strictly prohibited.  

5.        Supervision/Investigation .
Should our Chief Compliance Officer learn, through regular review of personal trading documents, or from some other source, that
a violation of this Code is suspected, our Chief Compliance Officer shall alert the Chairman of PCC. Together these parties will
determine who should conduct further investigation, if they determine one is necessary.  

ADMINISTRATION
OF THE CODE    

Our
Chief Compliance Officer has overall responsibility for administering the Code and reporting on the administration of and compliance
with the Code and related matters to our Board of Directors.  

Our
Chief Compliance Officer shall review all reports to determine whether any transactions recorded therein constitute violations
of the Code. Before making any determination that a violation has been committed by person subject to the Code, such person shall
be given an opportunity to supply additional explanatory material. Our Chief Compliance Officer shall maintain copies of the reports
as required by Rule 17j-1(f) under the 1940 Act.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

No
less frequently than annually our Chief Compliance Officer must furnish to the Board, and the Board must consider, a written report
that describes any issues arising under the Code or its procedures since the last report to the Board, including but not limited
to, information about material violations of the Code or its procedures and any sanctions imposed in response to material violations.
This report should also certify that PCC has adopted procedures reasonably designed to prevent persons subject to the Code from
violating the Code.  

SANCTIONS
FOR CODE VIOLATIONS    

All
violations of the Code will result in appropriate corrective action, up to and including dismissal. If the violation involves
potentially criminal activity, the individual or individuals in question will be reported, as warranted, to the appropriate authorities.  

APPLICATION/WAIVERS    

All
the directors, officers and employees of PCC and its investment adviser are subject to this Code.  

Insofar
as other policies or procedures of PCC or its investment adviser govern or purport to govern the behavior or activities of all
persons who are subject to this Code, they are superseded by this Code to the extent that they overlap or conflict with the provisions
of this Code.  

Any
amendment or waiver of the Code for an executive officer or member of our Board of Directors must be made by our Board of Directors
and disclosed on a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within four business days following such amendment
or waiver.  

RECORDS    

PCC
shall maintain records with respect to this Code in the manner and to the extent set forth below, which records may be maintained
on microfilm or electronic storage media under the conditions described in Rule 31a-2(f) under the 1940 Act and shall be available
for examination by representatives of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   ):  

1.       A
copy of this Code and any other code of ethics of PCC that is, or at any time within the past five years has been, in effect shall
be maintained in an easily accessible place;  

2.       A
record of any violation of this Code and of any action taken as a result of such violation shall be maintained in an easily accessible
place for a period of not less than five years following the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs;  

3.       A
copy of each report made by an Access Person or duplicate account statement received pursuant to the Code, shall be maintained
for a period of not less than five years from the end of the fiscal year in which it is made or the information is provided, the
first two years in an easily accessible place;  

4.       A
record of all persons who are, or within the past five years have been, required to make reports pursuant to this Code, or who
are or were responsible for reviewing these reports, shall be maintained in an easily accessible place;  

5.       A
copy of each report made to our Board of Directors shall be maintained for at least give years after the end of the fiscal year
in which it is made, the first two years in an easily accessible place; and  

6.       A
record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the direct or indirect acquisition by an Access Person
of Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or a Limited Offering shall be maintained for at least
five years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted.  

REVISIONS
AND AMENDMENTS    

This
Code may be revised, changed or amended at any time by our Board of Directors. Following any material revisions or updates, an
updated version of this Code will be distributed to you, and will supersede the prior version of this Code effective upon distribution.
We may ask you to sign an acknowledgement confirming that you have read and understood the revised version of the Code, and that
you agree to comply with the provisions.  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

APPENDIX
A    

Princeton
Capital Corporation    
  or   
  Princeton Advisory Group, Inc.   
  (collectively, the  Company )    

Acknowledgment
Regarding    
  Code of Business Conduct, Ethics and Statement on
the Prohibition of Insider Trading    

This
    acknowledgment is to be signed and returned to our Chief Compliance Officer and will be retained as part of your permanent
    personnel file    

I
have received a copy of the Company s Code of Business Conduct, Ethics and Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading
(the  Code ), read it, and understand that the Code contains the expectations of the Company regarding employee conduct,
ethical behavior and the prohibition of trading on insider information. I agree to observe the policies and procedures contained
in the Code and have been advised that, if I have any questions or concerns relating to such policies or procedures, I understand
that I have an obligation to report to the Audit Committee, the Chief Compliance Officer or other such designated officer, any
suspected violations of the Code of which I am aware. I also understand that the Code is issued for informational purposes and
that it is not intended to create, nor does it represent, a contract of employment.  

Employee s
    Name (Printed)   

Employee s
    Signature   

Date   

The
    failure to read and/or sign this acknowledgment in no way relieves you of your responsibility to comply with the Company s
    Code of Business Conduct, Ethics and Statement on the Prohibition of Insider Trading.    

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

APPENDIX
B    

Princeton
Capital Corporation    
  or   
  Princeton Advisory Group, Inc.   
  (collectively, the  Company )    

PRE-CLEARANCE
FORM   

Use
this form to request pre-clearance of a transaction to purchase a Limited Offering, Initial Public Offering or to purchase or
sell a security issued by an issuer appearing on the Portfolio or Pipeline Reports. Please submit this form, together with a copy
of the Limited Offering documentation to the Chief Compliance Officer at least five (5) business days before the planned investment.  

Employee
    Name:   
       Date:    

Issuer/Investment
    Name:   

Terms of Purchase (price, purchaser - individual, joint, entity, etc.):    

Proposed
    Transaction Date:   

How
    did you learn about this opportunity?   

Related
    to a Portfolio or Pipeline security?   

Approved:   
       Date:    

Not
    Approved:   
       Date:    

Comments:   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

APPENDIX
C    

Princeton
Capital Corporation    
  or   
  Princeton Advisory Group, Inc.   
  (collectively, the  Company )    

INITIAL
HOLDINGS REPORT    
  As of    

To:
Chief Compliance Officer  

A.
 Securities Holdings . I have listed below (or attached hereto a listing) all of my Securities Holdings held by me or Beneficial
Owners as defined by the Company s Code of Ethics.  

Title of Security    
     CUSIP Number    
     Interest Rate and Maturity Date (If Applicable)    
     Date of Transaction    
     Number of Shares or Principal Amount    
     Dollar Amount of Transaction    
     Nature of Transaction (Purchase, Sale, Other)    
     Price    
     Broker/Dealer or Bank Through Whom Effected  

B.
 Brokerage Accounts . I, or a Beneficial Owner, have established the following accounts in which securities for my direct
or indirect benefit:  

Name
of Broker, Dealer or Bank   

1.  
 2.  
 3.  

Date: _____________  
      Signature:  

Print Name:  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

APPENDIX
D    

Princeton
Capital Corporation    
  or   
  Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. (collectively, the
 Company )    

QUARTERLY
TRANSACTION REPORT   

For
the Calendar _____ Quarter Ended:  

To:
Chief Compliance Officer  

A.
 Securities Transactions . During the quarter referred to above, the following transactions were effected in securities of
which I had, or by reason of such transactions acquired, direct or indirect beneficial ownership, and which are required to be
reported pursuant to the Code of Ethics of the Company:  

Title of Security    
     CUSIP Number    
     Interest Rate and Maturity Date (If Applicable)    
     Date of Transaction    
     Number of Shares or Principal Amount    
     Dollar Amount of Transaction    
     Nature of Transaction (Purchase, Sale, Other)    
     Price    
     Broker/Dealer or Bank Through Whom Effected  

B.
 New Brokerage Accounts . During the quarter referred to above, I established the following accounts in which securities
were held during the quarter for my direct or indirect benefit:  

Name
    of Broker, Dealer or Bank   
       Date
    Account Was Established    

C.
 Other Matters . This report (i) excludes transactions with respect to which I had no direct or indirect influence or control,
(ii) excludes other transactions not required to be reported, and (iii) is not an admission that I have or had any direct or indirect
beneficial ownership in the securities listed above.  

Date: _____________  
      Signature:  

Print Name:  

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

APPENDIX
E    

Princeton
Capital Corporation    
  or   
  Princeton Advisory Group, Inc. (collectively, the
 Company )    

ANNUAL
HOLDINGS REPORT    
  As of December 31, 20_    

To:
Chief Compliance Officer  

As
of December 31, 20__, I had direct or beneficial ownership interest in the securities listed below which are required to be reported
pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940:  

A.
Securities Holdings. I have listed below (or attached hereto a listing) all of my Securities Holdings held by me or Beneficial
Owners as defined by the Company s Code of Ethics.  

Title of Security    
     CUSIP Number 
       
     Number of Shares or Principal Amount 

B.
As of December 31, 20__, I maintained accounts with brokers, dealers, and banks listed below in which securities were held for
my direct or indirect benefit:  

Brokerage
Accounts . I , or a Beneficial Owner, have established the following accounts in which securities for my direct or indirect
benefit:  

Name
    of Broker, Dealer or Bank   
       Date
    Account Was Established *    

1.   
 2.  
 3.   

This
report (i) excludes securities and accounts over which I had no direct or indirect influence or control;(ii) excludes securities
not required to be reported (for example, direct obligations of the U.S. Government, shares of registered investment companies
etc.); and (iii) is not an admission that I have or had any direct or indirect beneficial ownership in the securities accounts
listed above.  

Date: _____________  
      Signature:  

Print Name:  

*Note:
If account was established before 20__, you can state that it was established before 20__   

Adopted:
March 13, 2015  

Updated
as of December 6, 2016  

D-1 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2015ex31i_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Munish Sood, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Princeton Capital Corporation (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ Munish Sood  

Munish Sood  

Chief Executive Officer  

(Principal Executive
Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2015ex31ii_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER

THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED  

I, Gregory J. Cannella, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Princeton Capital Corporation (the  Registrant );   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: December 14, 2016 
       
     /s/ Gregory J. Cannella  

Gregory J. Cannella  

Chief Financial Officer  

(Principal Financial
and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 f10k2015ex32_princetoncap.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  

PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, who are the Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer of Princeton Capital Corporation (the  Company ), each hereby certify that to the best
of his knowledge (1) this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the  Annual Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and (2) the information contained in this Annual Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: December 14, 2016  
         
      /s/ Munish
    Sood   

Munish Sood   

Chief Executive Officer   

(Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: December 14, 2016  
         
      /s/ Gregory J. Cannella   

Gregory J. Cannella   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)   

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 f10k2015ex99i_princetoncap.htm
 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ROCKFISH SEAFOOD GRILL, INC. AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 30, 2015 AND DECEMBER 24, 2014

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.   

Independent
Auditor s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements  

December
30, 2015 and December 24, 2014  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.     

   December
30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Contents

Independent
    Auditor s Report   
       1    

Consolidated
    Financial Statements   

Balance
    Sheets  
      3   
 
      Statements
    of Operations  
      4   
 
      Statements
    of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit  
      5   
 
      Statements
    of Cash Flows  
      6   
 
      Notes
    to Financial Statements  
      7   

Independent
Auditor s Report    

Board
of Directors  

  Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.  

  Richardson,
Texas  

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. and its subsidiary (Company),
which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholder s deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen month
period ended December 24, 2014, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Management s
Responsibility for the Financial Statements     

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal
control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.  

Auditor s
Responsibility     

Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits
in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material
misstatement.  

An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the entity s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  

We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.  
Page 2  

Opinion

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. and its subsidiary as of December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014, and the results of their operations
and their cash flows for the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen month period ended December 24, 2014, in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

   Consolidated
Balance Sheets    

See
                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements          3

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

   Consolidated
Statements of Operations    

See
                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         4               

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.     

   Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit     

   Year
Ended December 30, 2015 and the Eighteen Months Ended December 24, 2014    

See
                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         5               

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

   Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows    

See
                                         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         6               

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.  
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   
 December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014   

Note
1:     Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies    

Nature
of Operations     

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc. is a Delaware Corporation formed on June 18, 2008, for the purpose of acquiring the net assets of Rockfish
Seafood Grill, LLC on July 28, 2008. The Company currently operates 12 restaurants in Texas under the name Rockfish Seafood Grill.
The Company is 100% owned by Rockfish Holdings, LLC (Parent). Rockfish Seafood Grill, Inc. owns 100% of a subsidiary, Rockfish
Beverage Corporation, Inc. (collectively, the Company). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc. and its 100% owned subsidiary. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated
upon consolidation.  

Use
of Estimates     

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include, but are not limited
to the assessment of recoverability of property and equipment and intangible assets.  

Fiscal
Year     

The
Company reports on a 52/53 week period. The year ended December 30, 2015, consisted of 53 weeks and the eighteen months ended
December 24, 2014, consisted of 79 weeks. The Company changed year end from the 52/53 week period ending in June to December and
therefore, the period ended December 24, 2014, includes approximately 18 months.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents     

The
Company considers all liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less and credit card clearing accounts to
be cash equivalents.  

Inventory

Inventories
consist of food, beverages and alcohol, and are stated at the lower of cost or market using the first-in, first-out method.  

7  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.   

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014   

Property
and Equipment     

Property
and equipment are stated at the fair value established at the date the Company acquired the assets in a business combination or
cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization is charged to expense on the straight-line
basis over the estimated useful life of each asset. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease
term or their respective estimated useful lives. The estimated lease term is based on the likely period of the leasing arrangement
including renewal periods. The estimated useful lives for each major depreciable classification of property and equipment are
as follows:  

Leasehold improvements  
      11-15 years   
 
      Restaurant equipment  
      5-10 years   
 
      Furniture, fixtures and computer equipment  
      3-7 years   

Intangible
Assets     

Effective
June 28, 2012, the beginning of fiscal 2013, the Company began amortizing the tradename and recipes on a straight-line basis over
their respective estimated remaining useful lives. The Company assigned a 10-year life for the tradename and a five-year life
for the recipes. During the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, because of operating
performance indicators, the Company determined that impairment indicators did exist and performed an impairment test for its tradename
and recipes. That analysis includes estimates such as projected revenues (Level 3 input), royalty rates and discount rates. Management
concluded that these assets were not impaired. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity
and are significant inputs to the fair value determination of assets or liabilities.  

Long-lived
Assets Impairment     

The
Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate the
carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company does not perform a periodic assessment of assets for impairment in the absence
of such information or indicators. Conditions that would necessitate an impairment include a significant decline in the observable
market value of an asset, a significant change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or a significant adverse change
that would indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets is not recoverable. If a long-lived asset is tested
for recoverability and the undiscounted estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of
the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, the asset cost is adjusted to fair value and an impairment loss is recognized
as the amount by which the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.  

8  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

During
the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, the Company determined that impairment indicators
for certain restaurant locations indicated that the carrying value of certain leasehold improvements, equipment and furniture
and fixtures may not be recoverable. The impairment indicators resulted from poor operating performance at these locations. Impairment
charges of approximately $0 and $244,817 were recorded during the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December
24, 2014, respectively. Fair value was determined using projected cash flows of the respective discrete locations cash flows which
are considered to be Level 3 fair value inputs. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity
and are significant inputs to the fair value determination of assets or liabilities. The impairment losses have been recorded
in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  

Loan
Costs     

Loan
costs are amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis, which approximates the interest method, over the term of the
underlying debt. Amortization of loan costs totaled approximately $18,000 and $46,000 for the year ended December 30, 2015 and
the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, respectively.  

As discussed in  Note 5 , during the eighteen-month period ended
December 24, 2014, a portion of the Company s debt was forgiven by the third party lender. The related unamortized loan
costs were written off as a result of the forgiveness.  

Deferred
Rent     

Certain
of the Company s operating leases contain predetermined fixed increases of the minimum rental rate during the lease term.
For these leases, the Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the minimum lease term plus expected renewals
and records the difference between the amounts charged to expense and the rent paid as deferred rent. Any lease incentives or
allowances are recorded as deferred rent and amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected life of the lease as a reduction
in rent expense.  

Revenue
Recognition     

Revenue
from the sale of food, beverage and alcohol is recognized as the products are sold. Proceeds from the sale of gift cards are recorded
as deferred revenue. The Company also records into revenue an estimate of gift cards that are not expected to be redeemed based
on historical redemption patterns. Promotions and comps, totaling approximately $973,000 and $1,297,000 for the year ended December
30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, respectively, are recorded as a reduction to revenues.  

During the eighteen
months ended December 24, 2014, the Company changed the accounting method by which it recognized deferred revenue and gift card
breakage. Prior to 2014, the Company recorded all unredeemed gift cards as deferred revenue. During 2014, the Company elected
to report deferred revenue for gift cards that it estimates are likely to be redeemed. This resulted in an increase in revenues
and reduced the net loss during 2014 by approximately $240,000.  

9  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Income
Taxes     

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with income tax accounting guidance (ASC 740,  Income Taxes ). The income
tax accounting guidance results in two components of income tax expense: current and deferred. Current income tax expense reflects
taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period by applying the provisions of the enacted tax law to the taxable income or
excess of deductions over revenues. The Company determines deferred income taxes using the liability (or balance sheet) method.
Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and
tax bases of assets and liabilities, and enacted changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in the period in which they occur.  

Deferred income tax expense results from changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities between periods. Deferred tax assets are
recognized if it is more-likely-than-not, based on the technical merits, that the tax position will be realized or sustained upon
examination. The term more-likely-than-not means a likelihood of more than 50%; the terms examined and upon examination also include
resolution of the related appeals or litigation processes, if any. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold is initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. The determination
of whether or not a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold considers the facts, circumstances and
information available at the reporting date and is subject to the management s judgment. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of evidence available, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion or all of
a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income
tax expense.  

Taxes
Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities     

Taxes
collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are presented in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations on a net basis and accordingly, are not included in revenues.  

Advertising

The
Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expense for the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months
ended December 24, 2014, totaled approximately $166,000 and $194,000, respectively, and is included in restaurant expenses in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.  

10  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Pre-opening
Expenses     

Salaries,
personnel training costs and other expenses of opening new restaurants are charged to expense as incurred.  

Note
2:     Liquidity Matters and Management s Plans    

The
Company incurred a net loss of $1,584,000 and used cash in operations of $160,000 during the year ended December 30, 2015. At
December 30, 2015, the Company had a working capital deficiency of approximately $3,400,000.  

During fiscal 2014, the Company negotiated
a full settlement of debt with its senior lender (see  Note 5 . In connection with the settlement, the Company paid approximately
$900,000 to its senior lender, which was funded by Capital Point Partners, L.P. (Capital Point) (the prior majority member of
Company s parent) and the balance of approximately $4,124,000, plus accrued interest of $246,000 was forgiven. In March
2015, the Company restated their related party notes with Capital Point to increase the face value of the note to $6,517,686,
to remove the financial covenants under the agreement and to extend the maturity date of the note to March 31, 2018. During March
2015, Capital Point s membership interest in Rockfish Holdings, LLC was acquired by Princeton Capital Corporation (Princeton),
with Princeton becoming the majority owner. In June 2015, the Company restated their related party note with Princeton to reduce
the face value of the note to $5,950,000 and amend the interest rate to be 14% payable quarterly with the ability of the Company
to pay in kind up to 6% of the interest payments. Additionally, in June 2015, the Company also entered into a revolving promissory
note with Princeton in the amount of $1,250,000. The note bears interest at 8% and matured June 29, 2016. The Company recorded
the debt forgiveness as a contribution to capital of approximately $4,317,000 during the year ended December 30, 2015.  

To address
operating performance among other steps, management has closed certain poorly performing stores and opened two new locations in
September 2014 and November 2015. These changes are expected to positively impact EBITDA during the next 12 months. The Company s
ability to service its debt and other obligations as they come due is dependent on continuing to improve its performance, the
continued willingness of its majority owner, Princeton, to not require repayments of debt or accrued interest, the continued financial
support to provide the necessary funding to support operating cash flow needs and is dependent on improved performance of the
stores. Rockfish received a written commitment from Princeton to fund operating cash flow needs through December 31, 2017. Additionally,
Princeton is in the process of extending the due date on the revolving promissory note.  

11  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Note
3:     Property and Equipment   

Property
and equipment consists of the following:  

Depreciation
and amortization expense of property and equipment for the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December
24, 2014, totaled $612,204 and $833,580, respectively.  

Note
4:     Intangible Assets   

The
carrying basis and accumulated amortization of recognized intangible assets were as follows:  

12  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Amortization
expense for the year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, was $147,500, and $211,250, respectively.
At December 30, 2015 and the weighted-average remaining amortization period was 5.85.  

Estimated future amortization of intangible
assets are as follows for the years ending after December 30, 2015:  

Note
5:   Long-term Debt    

On
June 11, 2014, the Company negotiated a full settlement of debt with its senior lender. In connection with the settlement the
Company paid approximately $900,000 (which was funded by Capital Point) and the balance of approximately $4,124,000 and accrued
interest of $246,000 was forgiven. The forgiveness of debt and accrued interest has been recorded in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for the eighteen months ended December 30, 2014.  

Note
6: Related Party Debt and Accrued Interest    

During
July 2008, the Company entered into a senior promissory note with Capital Point bearing interest at 13% payable quarterly with
all principal and interest due in July 2015; secured by all assets of the Company; subordinate to all debt with commercial bank.
During the eighteen-month period ended December 24, 2014, Capital Point advanced another $900,000 under this senior promissory
note increasing the principal balance due under the note to $5,950,000. Additional unsecured bridge loans of $1,500,000 were made
during the eighteen-month period ended December 24, 2014, resulting in total aggregate unsecured advances of $1,650,000 through
December 24, 2014. During 2014, the Company also received approximately $932,000 in cash equity contributions from Capital Point
and this amount was used to pay down the unsecured bridge loans and together with an additional payment of $150,000 resulted in
an amount due under the unsecured advances of $567,686 at December 24, 2014. These amounts were due currently and do not bear
interest. At December 24, 2014, accrued interest due to Capital Point totaled approximately $3,409,000.  

13  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.     

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

In
March 2015, Capital Point s membership interest in Rockfish Holdings, LLC and related party note were acquired by Princeton
Capital Corporation (Princeton), with Princeton becoming the majority owner.  

In March 2015, the Company restated their related
party note and note agreement with Capital Point to increase the face value of the note to combine the $5,950,000 senior note
balance and $567,686 unsecured advances into a $6,517,686 note payable and to remove the financial covenants under the agreement
and to extend the maturity date of the note to March 31, 2018. In June 2015, the Company restated their related party note with
Princeton to reduce the face value of the note to $5,950,000 and amend the interest rate to be 14% payable quarterly with the
ability of the Company to pay in kind up to 6% of the interest payments.  

In
connection with this agreement, Princeton converted $567,686 of debt, and all outstanding accrued interest of $3,749,238 to equity.
This resulted in a total contribution to equity of $4,316,924. Additionally, in June 2015, the Company also entered into a revolving
promissory note with Princeton in the amount of $1,250,000. The note bears interest at 8% and matures June 29, 2016.  

At December
30, 2015, the remaining outstanding debt with Princeton consists of a $5,950,000 senior secured promissory note plus accrued paid
in kind interest of $214,534 rolled into this note balance due in March 2018, and a senior revolving note with a balance of $1,051,000
due in June 2016. Princeton is in the process of extending the due date of the revolving note payable. At December 30, 2015, accrued
interest due to Princeton totaled approximately $132,000.  

Note
7:     Stock Options    

The
Company issued stock options to two executive members of management during the year ended June 26, 2013. The stock options vest
over a period of 10 years and expire if unexercised after 10 years. The options have accelerated vesting provisions if certain
financial performance measures are met or a change of control event occurs. During the year ended December 30, 2015, 103.8961
options were canceled. At December 30, 2015, there were 194.8052 options outstanding all of which had vested. At December 24,
2014, there were 298.7013 options outstanding, none of which were vested. The value of these options at the grant date was determined
to be insignificant.  

Note
8:     Related Party Transactions    

The
Company has a management agreement with Princeton (formerly Capital Point). The Management Agreement provided for semi-annual
payments of $125,000 payable in advance. The agreement was terminated during the year ended December 30, 2015. During the
year ended December 30, 2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, the Company incurred management fees of $0 and
$375,000, respectively.  

14  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Note
9: Operating Leases    

The
Company leases restaurant facilities and office space under operating leases having terms expiring at various dates through September
2024. Generally, the restaurant leases have renewal clauses to extend the terms of the various leases for periods ranging from
5-20 years at the option of the Company. Certain restaurant leases contain provisions for contingent rent based upon a percentage
of gross sales, as defined in the lease agreements. Rent expense for the years ended December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014,
was approximately $1,495,000 and $2,310,000, respectively. No contingent rental amounts were incurred during the year ended December
30, 2015, and eighteen months ended December 24, 2014.  

Future minimum lease payments at December 30, 2015, were as follows:  

Note
10:     Income Taxes    

The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and two state jurisdictions. Deferred taxes are provided for
the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company s assets and liabilities.
The temporary differences that give rise to the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 30, 2015 and December
31, 2014, are as follows:  

15  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements  
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Differences
between statutory income tax rates and the Company s effective income tax rate for the year ended December 30, 2015 and
the eighteen-month period ended December 24, 2014, were primarily caused by the increase in the valuation allowance, which at
December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014, totaled approximately $2,974,300 and $4,361,000, respectively, amounts not deductible
for income tax purposes and other adjustments. The valuation allowance decreased by approximately $1,386,000 from December 24,
2014 to December 30, 2015, and decreased by approximately $376,000 from the prior fiscal year end to December 24, 2014. The Company
has a federal net operating loss carryforward of approximately $5,600,000 at December 30, 2015, that begins to expire in 2029.
The net operating loss carryforward may be limited because of ownership changes as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue
Code.  

Note
11:     Accrued Expenses    

Accrued
expenses consist of the following:  

Note
12:     Significant Estimates and Concentrations    

Accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America require disclosure of certain significant estimates and current
vulnerabilities due to certain concentrations. Those matters include the following:  

General
Litigation     

The
Company is subject to claims and lawsuits that arise primarily in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management
that the disposition or ultimate resolution of such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company.  

Vendor
Concentrations     

Purchases
from two vendors represented approximately 65% and 48% of the Company s cost of revenues for the year ended December 30,
2015 and the eighteen months ended December 24, 2014, respectively.  

16  

Rockfish
Seafood Grill, Inc.    

   Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 30, 2015 and December 24, 2014    

Note
13:     Subsequent Events    

The
Company closed one of its stores in January 2016.  

Subsequent
events have been evaluated through September 13, 2016, which is the date the financial statements were available to be issued.  

17  

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 8
 f10k2015ex99ii_princetoncap.htm
 AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF ADVANTIS CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC. AS OF AND FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015

ADVANTIS
CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC.   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS    

Page    

INDEPENDENT
    AUDITOR S REPORT   
      1   

CONSOLIDATED
    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

Consolidated
    Balance Sheet  
      3   

Consolidated
    Statement of Operations  
      4   

Consolidated
    Statement of Changes in Stockholders  Equity (Deficit)  
      5   

Consolidated
    Statement of Cash Flows  
      6   

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements  
      7   

INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR S REPORT    

To
Board of Directors   

  of
 Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc.   

Report
on the Consolidated Financial Statements   

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc., which comprise
the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2015, and the related statements of operations, stockholders  equity,
and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements.  

Management s
Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements   

Management
is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal
control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.  

Auditor s
Responsibility   

Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in
accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement.  

An
audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor
considers internal control relevant to the entity s preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements
in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating
the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.  

-  1 
                                                                                      -  

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements   

In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. as of December 31, 2015, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.  

Houston,
Texas   

  April
20, 2016  

-  2  -  

ADVANTIS
CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET   

   DECEMBER
31, 2015    

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

-  3 
                                                                                      -  

ADVANTIS
CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF OPERATIONS 
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015   

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

-  4  -  

ADVANTIS
CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY (DEFICIT)   
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015   

See accompanying
notes to consolidated financial statements.  

-  5  -  

ADVANTIS
CERTIFIED STAFFING SOLUTIONS, INC.   

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS   
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2015     

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

-  6  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015   

Note
1 - Nature of Operations  

Advantis
Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. (the Company) was incorporated in the state of Texas in December 2007. The principal business
of the Company is to provide contract, temporary and direct hire staffing solutions in the healthcare, clerical, construction,
light industrial, medical, and professional industries. The Company has locations in Texas and Michigan.  

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

A
summary of the significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
is as follows:  

Principles
of Consolidation   

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Advantis Certified Staffing Solutions, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries: Advantis Managed Solutions, LLC, Advantis Occupational Health, LLC, and Advantis Certified Companies, LLC. All material
intercompany accounts, transactions, and earnings have been eliminated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Revenue
Recognition   

The
Company recognizes revenue based on the applicable billable rate for the number of hours worked during a pay period obtained from
time cards that are provided and approved by the customer for contract and temporary employees. Revenue is recognized upon hiring
for employees directly hired by customers.  

Accounts
Receivable   

Accounts
receivable are carried at invoiced amounts due from customers. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established based on a specific
assessment of all balances that remain unpaid following normal payment periods. Amounts deemed uncollectible are written-off in
the period that determination is made. There was no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2015.  

Property
and Equipment   

Property
and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated using straight-line depreciation methods. Depreciation is provided over the
estimated useful lives of 5-7 years of the related assets.  

Expenditures
for additions, major renewal, and betterments are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged against income
as incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are
removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in income.  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  7  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015   

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

Income
Taxes   

Income
taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the consolidated financial statements and consist of taxes
currently due, plus deferred taxes related to differences between the financial and income tax reporting basis of the Company s
assets and liabilities. The deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future tax return consequences of those differences,
which will either be taxable or deductible when the assets and liabilities are recovered or settled. Deferred income taxes are
also recognized for operating losses that are available to offset future taxable income and tax credits that are available to
offset future federal income taxes. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income or expense in
the period that includes the enacted rate. All deferred tax assets have been fully allowed for at December 31, 2015.  

The
Company continually evaluates expiring statutes of limitations, audits, proposed settlements, changes in tax law and new authoritative
rulings. The Company had no material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2015.  

The
Company is subject to routine audits by taxing jurisdictions; however, there are currently no audits for any tax periods in progress.
Management believes it is no longer subject to income tax examinations for years prior to 2012.  

Included
in accrued liabilities are amounts owed for delinquent federal and state payroll taxes totaling $3,025,974. Included in this number
are penalties of $762,195 and interest of $782,874. Also included in accrued liabilities is $21,436 of delinquent state income
and franchise taxes. There is $5,176 of penalties and $2,001 of interest included in this number. The Company is currently in
forbearance with the federal government and is in negotiation with each of the taxing authorities to structure a payback through
various programs. As none of the agreements are finalized all of the amounts are shown as current liabilities.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments   

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, and accounts payable. Management believes
the carrying amounts of these financial instruments approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature.  

Employee
Benefit Plan   

The
Company maintains a 401(k) plan whereby eligible employees may make voluntary contributions through payroll deductions not to
exceed the maximum contribution established by the Internal Revenue Service. For those employees making voluntary contributions,
the Company has the option to make discretionary matching and profit sharing contributions. No matching payments were made by
the Company for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  8  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015    

Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)  

Use
of Estimates   

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at
December 31, 2015, and revenues and expenses during the year then ended. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Note
3  - Property and Equipment  

Property
and equipment consist of the following at December 31, 2015:  

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $32,916.  

Note
4  - Advance Facility   

The
Company s arrangement with its lending institution includes an accounts receivable advance facility agreement. Through this
agreement the Company receives and advance of 85% of accounts receivable delivered for advance. The agreement makes the advance
on invoiced amounts, less a funding fee of prime plus 2.50% with a floor of 5.75%. In addition, the agreement provides for a fee
of .70% for the first 30 days that an account is unpaid with an additional .12% fee every 5 days thereafter that the account remains
unpaid. The facility limit was $5,000,000 with $1,835,381 outstanding at December 31, 2015. Interest charged on this facility
amounted to $392,966 for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Note
5  - Related Party Transactions/Uncertainty  

At
December 31, 2015, the Company had accounts payable to the majority shareholder of $95,000. The amounts represent advances used
to support day to day operations.  

In
2007, the Company borrowed $5,250,000 under the terms of a senior subordinated shareholder note. The note has a stated interest
rate of 12.5 percent per annum which is applied to unpaid principal. The note also has an additional 5.5 percent per annum default
rate. The Company was in default under the terms of the agreement beginning in March 2009. The balance outstanding on the note
at December 31, 2015 was $6,435,000. Accrued interest expense related to the note was $6,554,462 at December 31, 2015.  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  9  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015   

Note
5 - Related Party Transactions/Uncertainty (Continued)   

In
March 2015, the note was amended and restated to include advances through that date. The amended and restated note has a principle
amount of $6,435,000 and is due in full with all outstanding and payable interest on March 31, 2018. As such, the principle amount
is shown as long-term. In August 2015 the note was amended to remove the financial covenants entirely. Interest expense relating
to this note amounted to $1,006,761 for the year ended December 31, 2015.  

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles,
which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has accumulated net losses and a working capital
deficit. The Company has been dependent on the majority shareholder in funding operations.  

In
view of these matters, realization of a major portion of the assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is dependent
upon continued operations of the Company, which in turn is dependent upon the majority shareholder not calling the note payable
and related accrued interest due. In addition, the Company is dependent on its majority shareholder to fund the payoff of the
outstanding delinquent federal and state payroll tax. Management believes that the majority shareholder will not call these amounts
due and will continue to fund the Company including the payoff of the delinquent taxes, which will provide the opportunity for
the Company to continue as a going concern.  

Note
6 - Notes Payable   

The
following is a summary of notes payable outstanding at December 31, 2015:  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  10  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015    

Note
6 - Notes Payable (Continued)   

The
aggregate maturities of notes payable are as follows:  

Interest
expense relating to the seller note amounted to $133,553 during the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Note
7 - Capital Lease Obligation   

The
Company has a capital lease obligations for equipment that was acquired. The capital lease obligations require forty-eight payments
of $611 per month at an interest rate of 8.44% and $148 per month at an interest rate of 10.08%. The equipment leases expire in
March 2019 at which time the Company can purchase the equipment for $1. As of December 31, 2015, the total amount due under the
capital lease obligations amount to $24,843 and the net book value of the equipment amounted to $20,906.  

As
of December 31, 2015, the future principal payments on capital lease obligations are as follows:  

Note
8 - Operating Leases   

The
Company leases its office facilities and some equipment under non-cancellable agreements which expire at various times through
May 2020, and require monthly rentals of varying amounts plus the payment of property taxes, insurance, repairs and utilities.  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  11  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015    

Note
8 - Operating Leases (Continued)   

The
following is a schedule by years of future minimum rental payments required under operating leases that have initial or remaining
non-cancellable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2015.  

Rent
expense amounted to $268,248 during the year ended December 31, 2015.  

Note
9 - Acquisition of Certified Companies, LLC  

On
October 3, 2014, the Company reached an agreement to purchase select assets of Certified Companies, LLC (Certified), effective
October 31, 2014. The purchase included defined assets and assumed liabilities of Certified. The aggregate purchase price was
$3,597,375, of which $2,100,000 was funded by notes payable to the seller, $900,000 was funded with notes payable to the majority
shareholder, $86,414 with assumed liabilities and the remainder with Company cash. The transaction was accounted for using the
acquisition method. For the year ended December 31, 2015 the Company did not reach certain financial thresholds that would trigger
the payment of $400,000 under the earn out note to the seller (note 6). Additionally, under the earn out note to the seller, the
Company has an additional payable due by October 2016 in the amount of $400,000. Management believes that they will not reach
certain financial thresholds that would trigger the additional payment of $400,000. Therefore, the entire $800,000 related to
the earn out payable was written off as of December 31, 2015 and goodwill was adjusted down by $800,000 as the purchase price
was adjusted.  

Note
10 - Risks  

Credit
Risk   

The
Company maintains cash balances at several financial institutions, which from time to time may exceed federally insured limits.
Accounts are guaranteed by the FDIC up to $250,000 per depositor. Management believes that the credit risk exposure is mitigated
by the financial strength of the banking institutions in which the deposits are held.  

Approximately
57% of the Company s sales for the year ended December 31, 2015 were from one customer. Approximately 76% of total accounts
receivable at December 31, 2015 were from one customer.  

DoerenMayhew  
      Continued   

-  12  -  

ADVANTIS
Certified staffing SOLUTIONS, INC.   

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    

   DECEMBER
31, 2015    

Note
11 - Goodwill  

The
excess of purchase price over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired in business combinations is recorded as goodwill.
The Company has elected early adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-02,  Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350):
Accounting for Goodwill.  It permits a private company to subsequently amortize goodwill on a straight-line basis over a period
of ten years, or less if the company demonstrates that another useful life is more appropriate. The Company is amortizing goodwill
over ten years. As discussed in note 9, the goodwill was considered impaired and reduced during the year ended December 31, 2015
by $800,000 due to the company not obtaining certain financial thresholds, and a corresponding impairment loss was recognized.
At December 31, 2015, the accumulated amortization is $533,726 and the net value of goodwill is $2,485,492. Amortization expense
for the year ended December 31, 2015 amounted to $381,924.  

Note
12 - Capital Stock  

At
December 31, 2015, the Company had common stock reserved for the following reasons:  

The
stock options became fully vested and executable in March 2015 and provide for 2,625,000 of series A shares to be purchased at
par value. The options expire in June 2024. The stock warrants provide for 250,000 shares of series A shares to be purchased for
par value and expire in December 2017.  

Note
13 - Subsequent Events  

Management
has evaluated subsequent events through April 20, 2016, the date which the Company s consolidated financial statements were
available to be issued. Management has determined that no subsequent events require recognition or disclosure in these consolidated
financial statements.  

*
* * End of Notes * * *   

DoerenMayhew  

-  13  -  

</EX-99.2>

