<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161121_10-Q_edgar_data_1387135_0001493152-16-015286_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2099468</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>82500</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>139755</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>527511</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>767657</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>534543</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>39</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-16-015286.hdr.sgml : 20161121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161118205851
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-16-015286
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161118

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUANTUMSPHERE, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001387135
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		IRS NUMBER:				203925307
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53913
		FILM NUMBER:		162008928

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2905 TECH CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		714-545-6266

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2905 TECH CENTER DRIVE
		CITY:			SANTA ANA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WAY COOL IMPORTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070119

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-16-015286.txt : 20161121

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

(Mark
One)  

[X]  
QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended  September 30, 2016   

or  

[  ]
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the transition period from _______________________ to ___________________________  

Commission
File Number:   000-53913    

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.    

  (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)  

714-545-6266    

  (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code)  

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [  ]  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
    accelerated filer  
      [  ]  
      Accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]   
 
      Non-accelerated
    filer  
      [  ]
     (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller
    reporting company  
      [X]   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [  ] No
[X]  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY  

  PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes [  ]
No [  ]  

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS:  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of November 21, 2016: 22,965,544  

CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT   

All
statements included or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this  Form 10-Q ), other than
statements or characterizations of historical fact, are  forward-looking statements.  Examples of forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning projected sales, costs, expenses and gross margins; our accounting
estimates, assumptions and judgments; the prospective demand for our products; the projected growth in our industry; the competitive
nature of and anticipated growth in our industry; and our prospective needs for, and the availability of, additional capital.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, estimates, approximations and projections about our industry
and business, management s beliefs, and certain assumptions made by us, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking
statements can often be identified by such words as  anticipates,   expects,   intends,   plans, 
 predicts,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   may,   will, 
 should,   would,   could,   potential,   continue,   ongoing, 
similar expressions and variations or negatives of these words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and
are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ
materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, some of which
are set forth in the  Risk Factors  section of this Report, which could cause our financial results, including our
net income or loss or growth in net income or loss to differ materially from prior results, which in turn could, among other things,
cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of
this report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as otherwise
required by law.   

TABLE
OF CONTENTS   

PART
I    

   FINANCIAL
INFORMATION   

Page    

Item
    1  
       Financial
    Statements   
      4   

Item
    2  
       Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      16   

Item
    3  
       Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   
      25   

Item
    4  
       Controls
    and Procedures   
      25   

PART
II    

   OTHER
INFORMATION   

PART
I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM
1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.   

   CONDENSED
BALANCE SHEETS   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (unaudited)   

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

SUPPLEMENTAL
SCHEDULE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company entered into the following noncash transactions:  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2015, the Company entered into the following noncash transactions:  

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.  

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.   

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   September
30, 2016   

1.
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS   

QuantumSphere,
Inc. (the  Company  or  QuantumSphere ) was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on December
1, 2005. The Company has developed a process to manufacture metallic nanopowders with end-use applications focused on the chemical
sector. The Company s products are used on a stand-alone basis, in the validation of the Company s nano-iron catalysts
coated onto commercial iron catalysts used in the production of ammonia on a prospective basis. The Company s major activities
to date have included capital formation, research and development, and marketing of its metallic nanopowder products.  

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Use
of Estimates    

The
accompanying financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America ( GAAP ) and require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The use of estimates
may also affect the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates made by management
include among others, fair value of derivative liabilities, realization of capitalized assets, valuation of equity instruments,
and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  

Revenue
Recognition    

The
Company recognizes revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists;
(ii) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (iii) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectability
is reasonably assured. The Company does not grant customers the right to return the products after such products have been accepted.
Amounts billed for shipping and handling are recorded as a component of net sales and the cost incurred for freight is included
as a component of operating expenses in the statements of operations.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents    

The
Company considers demand deposits, U.S. treasury securities and highly-liquid debt investments purchased with original maturities
of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2016 and June
30, 2016.  

The
Company maintains its cash in major banks. From time to time, the Company s cash balances exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit. The Company has not experienced and does not anticipate any losses relating to these amounts.  

Inventory    

Inventory
consists primarily of manufactured nano materials and is comprised of raw materials, labor and manufacturing overhead. Inventory
is stated at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. An inventory reserve is created when potentially
slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. While the Company s
inventory is not perishable and does not degrade with time, the Company recorded a reserve as its inventory was over one year
old and there is no certainty that the inventory will be sold. At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, all inventory was reserved.  

Property
and Equipment    

Property
and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Repairs and maintenance of equipment are charged to expense as
incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized.
Gains or losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in the results of operations when realized. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging from three to seven
years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of terms of the leases or their estimated useful lives. Depreciation
expense on assets acquired under capital leases is included in depreciation expense.  

Patents    

Costs
incurred in applying for patents relating to the Company s process for production of nanopowders have been capitalized.
Patents are amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed, on a straight-line basis, over the estimated periods
benefited. As of September 30, 2016, ten patents have been issued and two patent applications are pending approval. Amortization
relating to issued patents was not significant during the periods presented. Additional significant costs may be required for
the continued development of end-use applications for the Company s technology. Patents costs are reviewed periodically
as to if any patents are no longer being pursued and associated costs should be written off.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets    

Long-lived
assets and intangible assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates potential impairment by comparing the carrying
amount of the assets with the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them. Should the review indicate that an
asset is not recoverable, the Company s carrying value of the asset would be reduced by the estimated shortfall to fair
value.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments and Certain Other Assets and Liabilities    

GAAP
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level
    1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;   

Level
    2: Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and   

Level
    3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own assumptions   

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses. The carrying
amounts of such assets and liabilities approximate their respective fair values because of the short-term nature of these items.
The carrying amounts of the Company s debt agreements approximate their fair values as interest approximates current market
rates for similar instruments. Derivative liabilities recorded in connection with convertible debt agreements are reported at
estimated fair value with changes in fair value reported in results of operations.  

Other
than derivative liabilities referenced above, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
on a recurring or nonrecurring basis during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016.  

The
following details the fair value measurement within the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial assets and liabilities
at September 30, 2016.  

The
following details the fair value measurement within the fair value hierarchy of the Company s financial assets and liabilities
at June 30, 2016.  

There
were no transfers among Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June
30, 2016.  

The
fair values of derivative liabilities were estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton pricing model and the following assumptions
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016:  

The
change in fair value of the derivative liabilities during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30,
2016 are summarized as follows:  

Derivative
Liabilities    

A
derivative is an instrument whose value is  derived  from an underlying instrument or index such as a future, forward,
swap, option contract, or other financial instrument with similar characteristics, including certain derivative instruments embedded
in other contracts and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy, we do not invest in separable financial derivatives or engage
in hedging transactions. However, we have entered into certain financing transactions that involve financial equity instruments
containing certain features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. We may engage in other similar complex
financing transactions in the future, but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments. Derivatives are measured
at fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton model and marked to market through earnings. However, such new and/or complex instruments
may have immature or limited markets. As a result, the pricing models used for valuation of derivatives often incorporate significant
estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of derivative
liabilities and, consequently, the related amount recognized as loss due to change in fair value of derivative liabilities on
the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore, depending on the terms of a derivative, the valuation of derivatives may
be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument into some other security. The
classification of a derivative instrument is reassessed at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result
of events during a reporting period, the instrument is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification.
There is no limit on the number of times a contract may be reclassified.  

Research
and Development Costs    

Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for research and development for new or improved processes to produce
nanocatalysts as well as end use applications for the nanocatalysts are expensed until the production process or applications
have been determined to be commercially viable. Costs incurred after the production process is viable and a working model of the
equipment has been completed will be capitalized as long-lived assets.  

Income
Taxes    

Deferred
income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities
and their financial reporting amounts at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods
in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents the tax payable for the period,
if any, and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

The
Company provides for tax contingencies, if any, for federal, state and local exposures relating to audit results, tax planning
initiatives and compliance responsibilities. The development of these reserves requires judgments about tax issues, potential
outcomes and timing. Although the outcome of such matters is uncertain, in management s opinion adequate provisions for
income taxes have been made for potential liabilities emanating from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from
these estimates, they could have a material impact on the Company s results.  

Loss
Per Share    

The
Company calculates basic loss per share by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number
of common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share, except that the denominator
is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if such additional common shares
had been issued and were dilutive.  

Potential
common shares, consisting of options and warrants, totaling 15,193,141 and 12,923,761, have been excluded from the computations
of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

Stock-Based
Compensation    

The
Company measures all employee stock-based compensation awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model and allocates the
related expense over the requisite service period. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s
stock as determined by its private placement offerings and recent market activity. The expected life of the award is based on
the simplified method.  

The
Company accounts for nonemployee stock-based transactions using the fair value of the consideration received (i.e. the value of
the goods or services) or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  

Going
Concern    

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has
incurred recurring losses from operations from inception and has limited working capital. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of approximately $47.8 million. In addition, at September 30, 2016 the Company is in default on certain
of its debt obligations. 

The
Company s activities will necessitate significant uses of working capital during and beyond fiscal 2017. Additionally, the
Company s capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the success of its continued research and development
efforts and the status of competitive products. The Company plans to continue financing its operations with cash received from
financing activities. The Company has engaged U.S. Capital Partners and Avalon Securities for a proposed issuance of up to $5.0
million of 8% Series A convertible preferred stock. The Company has completed the due diligence phase and both firms are in the
process of presenting the offering to potential accredited investors. The Company anticipates that, if the issuance is partially
or completely successful, some or all of the issuance will be received by December 31, 2016. Should the issuance not be successful,
then absent another form of financing or capital raise, the Company expects it will not be able to service current obligations
and anticipates that it will have to liquidate assets and will no longer operate as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result for the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company currently has sufficient cash
for operations through November 2016. 

Risks
and Uncertainties    

The
Company faces risks and uncertainties relating to its ability to successfully implement and fulfill its strategy. Among other
things, these risks include the ability to obtain revenues; manage operations; competition; attract, retain and motivate qualified
personnel; maintain and develop new strategic relationships; and the ability to anticipate and adapt to the changing nanotechnology
market and any changes in government regulations.  

Therefore,
the Company may be subject to the risks of delays in consummating contracts with customers and suppliers, raising sufficient capital
to achieve its objectives and other uncertainties, including financial, operational, technological, regulatory and other risks
associated with an emerging business, including the potential risks of business failure. Technology and manufacturing companies
with whom the Company is expected to compete, in general, are well capitalized. The Company is competing against entities with
the financial and intellectual resources and expressed intent of performing rapid technological innovation. The Company s
resources are limited and must be allocated to focused objectives in order to succeed.  

The
Company has evaluated events subsequent to September 30, 2016 through the date that the accompanying condensed financial statements
were filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for transactions and other events which may require adjustment or disclosure
in such financial statements. The Company did not have any material transactions or other events.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

The
FASB issued ASU 2016-2,  Leases , which will require a lessee to recognize assets and liabilities for leases of more than
12 months. Both capital and operating leases will need to be recognized on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements.  

In
August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15,  Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). 
This ASU provides guidance to determine when and how to disclose going-concern uncertainties in the financial statements. The
new standard requires management to assess an entity s ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related footnote
disclosure in certain circumstances. ASU 2014-15 will be effective for all entities in the first annual period ending after December
15, 2016. Earlier adoption is permitted. ASU 2014-15 will be effective for the Company beginning June 30, 2017. The Company does
not believe that this pronouncement will have a significant impact on its financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, as amended by ASU 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), 
which is the new comprehensive revenue recognition standard that will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under
U.S. GAAP. The standard s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services
to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods
or services. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date by one year to December 15, 2017 for interim
and annual reporting periods beginning after that date and permitted early adoption of the standard, but not before the original
effective date of December 15, 2016. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.  

3.
NOTES PAYABLE   

Novus   

On
June 19, 2014, the Company signed a loan and security agreement with Novus Capital Group that provides a loan in the amount of
$500,000. The loan accrues at an annual rate of 15.5%, has a term of thirty-six months, and monthly payments are $17,455. The
agreement includes a warrant to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00 per share. The warrants were
valued at approximately $11,000, using the Black Scholes Merton option pricing model, and recorded as a discount to the note payable.  

On
June 5, 2015, the Company signed a loan and security agreement with Novus Capital Group that provides a loan in the amount of
$127,500. The loan accrues interest at an annual rate of 15.5%, has a term of thirty-six months, and monthly payments are $4,451,
beginning July 10, 2015. The agreement includes a warrant to purchase 2,555 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $2.00
per share that expires June 30, 2020. The vested warrants were valued at approximately $2,000, using the Black Scholes Merton
option pricing model, and recorded as a discount to the note payable.  

The
two loans with Novus Capital Group are secured by substantially all of the Company s assets.  

Bridge
Notes   

On
July 28, 2015, the Company issued a promissory note for $60,000. The note was due October 12, 2015 and interest was set at $20,000.
On December 7, 2015, the note and interest were paid in full.  

In
September 2015, the Company issued promissory notes totaling $350,000. The promissory notes bear interest at the rate of 10% per
thirty (30) day period and are due six months from the date of issuance. In connection with the promissory notes, the Company
also issued warrants exercisable at $3.00 per share and for a period of five (5) years. The number of warrants to be issued ranges
between 120% - 160% of the face value of the promissory note depending on repayment date. The warrants were valued at approximately
$87,000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and recorded as a discount to the notes payable. In December 2015,
$150,000 in principal and related accrued interest were paid in cash. In December 2015, $200,000 in principal and $45,000 of related
accrued interest were converted to Series O-2 convertible notes payable. The Company accounted for the conversion as a debt extinguishment
and recorded a net loss of approximately $69,000 in the quarter ended December 31, 2015. In total, 140,000 warrants were issued
and remain outstanding as of September 30, 2016.  

On
November 9, 2015 and February 25, 2016, the Company issued promissory notes totaling $100,000. The notes were due December 9,
2015 and March 25, 2016, respectively and bear interest at 10% per each 30 day period. The agreement include a warrant to purchase
shares of common stock at 110% of the face value of the notes if the note is repaid within 30 days, and an additional 10% of the
face value of the note for each month the note remains unpaid. The exercise price is $3.00 per share and the warrant expires November
9, 2020. The warrants were valued at approximately $15,000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and recorded as
a discount to the note payable. As of September 30, 2016, the note remains unpaid.  

On
January 15, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note for $75,000. The note was due July 15, 2016 and interest was 10% per annum.
On June 8, 2016, the note was converted into a promissory note at the amount of $86,250 that bore interest at 5% per annum. The
new note is due October 8, 2016. Warrant agreement and security agreement are the same as the June 8, 2016 promissory notes listed
below.  

On
April 29, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note for $100,000. The note was due May 29, 2016 and interest was set at $25,000.
On June 10, 2016, the principal was paid. As of September 30, 2016, the interest remains accrued.  

On
June 8, 2016, the Company issued promissory notes for cash totaling $500,000. The principal amount due on the notes was $587,500.
The notes are due October 8, 2016 and bear interest at 5% per annum. The agreements include warrants to purchase shares of common
stock at 150% of the face value of the notes with an exercise price equal to the price per share of the Company s next equity
round of financing. In the event of default, the note holders may convert the notes and accrued interest into shares of common
stock at a price equal to 60% of the volume weighted  average price of the common stock during the 30 day consecutive trading
day period immediately preceding the trading day that the Company receives a notice of conversion. The warrants were valued at
approximately $254,000 using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model, and recorded as a discount to the note payable, along
with the original issue discount. Because the number of warrants was fixed, such instruments were not considered derivative liabilities.
The notes are secured by all of the stock, options, and warrants of the Company owned by Kevin Maloney and Gregory Hrncir. All
such notes and accrued interest were outstanding as of September 30, 2016. The Company is currently in default on payment of the
promissory notes.  

On
September 16, 2016, the Company issued a promissory note for $25,000. The note is due March 16, 2017 and interest is 10% per annum.  

As
of September 30, 2016, notes payable net of discount balance of $1,068,192 consisted of $1,096,844 principal and $28,652 discount.   

4. CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE   

Series
O-1 Notes   

In
May 2015, the Company issued convertible promissory notes ( Series O-1 Notes ) totaling $510,000. The Series O-1 Notes
bear interest at the rate of 10% per annum. The Series O-1 Notes will mature upon the earlier of (i) one year from the date of
the issuance of the notes, or (ii) closing of an equity financing of Four Million Dollars or more ( Qualifying Equity Offering ).
The Series O-1 Notes were convertible and had certain price protection features based on the closing of a Qualifying Equity Offering
in the future. Additionally, the Company issued detachable warrants equal to 50% of the face value of the Series O-1 Notes based
on the closing of a Qualifying Equity Offering in the future. As a Qualifying Equity Offering has not yet occurred, the total
number of warrants to be issued was not yet fixed. Due to the price protection features of the convertible notes as well as the
variable number of warrants that can be issued in connection with these notes, both the embedded conversion feature and the warrants
were considered to be derivative liabilities. As such, the Company allocated the entire face amount of the notes as a debt discount
and amortized the discount using the effective interest method. In December 2015, all $510,000 in principal and approximately
$27,000 in accrued interest of the Series O-1 Notes were converted to Series O-2 Notes. All Series O-1 Notes and the initial warrants
were surrendered as part of the conversion.  

Series
O-2 Notes   

In
October and November 2015, the Company issued convertible promissory notes ( Series O-2 Notes ) totaling $625,000.
In December 2015, the Company converted $245,000 principal and accrued interest of September 2015 bridge notes and $537,058 principal
and accrued interest of May 2015 Series O-1 notes into Series O-2 notes. The notes bear interest at the rate of 10% per annum,
with a default rate of 18% per annum. The Series O-2 Notes will mature upon the earlier of (i) one year from the date of the issuance
of the notes, or (ii) closing of an equity financing of Four Million Dollars or more (Qualifying Equity Financing ). All
outstanding principal and accrued interest under the Series O-2 Notes will be automatically converted into shares of common stock
at the closing of a Qualifying Equity Offering based upon a conversion price equal to $1.60 per share. Alternatively, the outstanding
principal and accrued interest may be voluntarily converted at the sole discretion of the Lender, at any time prior to the close
of the Qualifying Equity Offering, in whole or in part, at a conversion price per share equal to $1.60 per share. In connection
with the Series O-2 Notes, the Company also issued approximately 469,000 warrants exercisable at $3.00 per share, exercisable
for a period of five (5) years. Both the Series O-2 Notes and warrants also had certain price protection features based on the
closing of a Qualifying Equity Offering in the future. Due to the price protection features of the convertible notes as well as
the variable number of warrants that can be issued in connection with these notes, both the embedded conversion feature and the
warrants were considered to be derivative liabilities. As such, the Company allocated $727,841 as a debt discount and is amortizing
the discount using the effective interest method over the term of the Series O-2 notes. All Series O-2 Notes were outstanding
as of September 30, 2016.  

As of September 30, 2016,
convertible notes payable net of discount balance of $1,260,661 consisted of $1,407,058 principal and $146,397 discount. 

5.
STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY   

Common
Stock    

In
early April 2014, the Company executed a 10,000 for 1 reverse split. As a result of the reverse split, the Company cancelled and
repurchased fractional shares comprising approximately 585,000 shares of common stock for $2.00 per share. Shortly after the reverse
split, the Company executed a 1 for 10,000 forward split. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had approximately $205,000 of
accrued liabilities associated with the share cancellation.  

Convertible
Preferred Stock    

The
Company has authorized the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of convertible preferred stock with a $0.001 par value. As of September
30, 2016, no convertible preferred stock was outstanding.  

Stock
Options    

In
2004, the Company adopted the 2004 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  2004 Plan ) for directors, employees, consultants
and other persons acting on behalf of the Company. Options granted under the 2004 Plan vest on the date of grant, over a fixed
period of time, or upon the occurrence of certain events and are exercisable for up to ten years. As of September 30, 2016, the
total shares authorized for issuance, were 7,500,000 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2016, there were 1,282,133 shares
of common stock available for grant under the 2004 Plan.  

No
stock options were granted for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015.   

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the company   recognized stock based compensation expense of $17,420
and $40,552, respectively, and as of September 30, 2016 there was unrecognized stock based compensation expense totaling $135,931,
that is expected to be recognized over the following fifteen months. 

6.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

From
July 2015 through September 2016, Kevin Maloney, CEO of the Company, has provided short-term loans or paid expenses on behalf
of the Company totaling $130,497. As of September 30, 2016, $91,965 has been repaid. The loans/expense payments are similar to
a revolving line of credit. Payment in full is to be made upon a financing of $1 million or more and interest is 10% per month
(interest rate is the same as the September 2015 and February 2016 promissory notes with third parties). As of September 30, 2016,
accrued interest was $53,908.  

7.
CONCENTRATIONS   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, 83% of net sales were to the United States and 17% of net sales were to South Korea.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, 48% of net sales were to the United States, 28% of net sales were to South Korea,
13% of net sales were to Japan, and 11% of net sales were to China. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, 88% of net
sales were to four customers. For the three months ended September 30, 2015, 94% of net sales were to four customers.  

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

Forward
Looking Statements   

This
Form 10-Q contains statements that must be deemed  forward-looking  statements under Section 27A of the Securities
Act, including, among other things, discussions as to our business strategies, expectations, market position and services, anticipated
revenues and performance, future operations, profitability, liquidity and capital resources. Words including, but not limited
to,  may,   will,   likely,   should,   could,   expect, 
 plan,   anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   predict,   intend, 
 potential,   continue,   seek,  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology.
Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are generally reasonable and reflect the
current views of our management, such statements are inherently uncertain, and we can give no assurance that such statements will
ultimately prove to be correct. Our operations are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks, many of which are outside our
control, and any one of which, or any combination of which, could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Important
factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors,  beginning on page 15
of our Form 10-K filed on October 13, 2016, could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Therefore, you
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.  

These
forward-looking statements may relate to the following:  

our
    future operating results and business prospects;   

our
    ability to develop and market products that compete effectively in our targeted market segments;   

market
    acceptance of our current and future products and the degree and nature of our competition;   

our
    ability to meet customer demand;   

our
    ability to protect and enforce our current and future intellectual property;   

our
    ability to obtain sufficient funding to continue to pursue our business plan;   

our
    ability to implement a long-term business strategy that will be profitable or generate sufficient cash flow;   

our
    ability to manage our foreign manufacturing and development operations and international business risks;   

the
    loss of any of our key members of management;   

changes
    in our industry, interest rates or the general economy; and   

changes
    in governmental regulations, tax rates and similar matters.   

We
believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable. However, there may be events in the
future that we are not able to accurately predict or control and that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the
expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of any new information, future events, or otherwise.  

Overview   

QuantumSphere,
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 1, 2005.  

On
May 5, 2015, the Company announced that commercial validation of its nano-iron catalyst had been achieved in a production-scale
ammonia plant in China.  

On
May 27, 2015, the Company entered into a multi-year Joint Development Agreement with Swiss-based  Casale, S.A . (Casale),
a global leader in production technologies for ammonia, urea, melamine, methanol, syngas, nitrates and phosphates. Casale s
reactor production technologies are utilized in approximately 38 percent of global ammonia production and 39 percent of global
methanol production. Casale and QSI have agreed to collaborate on commercial technologies for ammonia, methanol, and other industrial
chemicals, which collectively account for several hundred billion USD of production annually. Casale also agreed to utilize QSI
as its exclusive provider of nanocatalysts for its chemical synthesis processes during the term of the agreement based on QSI s
demonstrated increase in catalytic activity and patented high-volume manufacturing process. The first objective of the Joint Development
Agreement is to validate and optimize QSI-Nano catalysts with Casale production reactor technologies. Following a successful validation
phase, the second objective is to enter into a long-term agreement with Casale for the joint global distribution and sale of QSI-Nano
catalysts with Casale reactor technologies to chemical plant owners and operators.  

On
March 8, 2016, the Company entered into a multi-year Commercialisation Partnership Agreement with Swiss-based  Casale S.A. 
(Casale), pursuant to which the parties agreed to the terms of commercialization of the Company s QSI-Nano iron catalysts
for ammonia synthesis. During the term, Casale is restricted from entering into any agreement with any third party for any purpose
relating to the use of nano-sized particle based catalysts in ammonia synthesis. Further, during the term, Casale has exclusive
rights to commercially market, co-brand and sell the FeNIX  product into the ammonia market globally, with the exception
of China. The Company will not license the FeNIX  product for use outside of China to an ammonia plant owner/operator if
such party does not commit to use the ammonia technology developed and owned by Casale.  

On
March 15, 2016, the Company announced that it had been issued a patent by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a key patent
related to its advanced FeNIX  nanocatalyst accelerator technology. The patent covers claims around the application of iron
nanocatalysts, applied as a coating onto existing commercial ammonia catalysts, for increased catalytic activity and production
efficiency in ammonia synthesis.  

On
April 25, 2016, Marc Goroff, Steven Myers, Robert Venable, and Jeffery Palmer voluntarily resigned from the Board of Directors,
effective immediately and from their respective roles as members of the company s Audit, Compensation, Nominating, and Governance
Committees. All have agreed to serve as non-director advisors to the Company. Kevin Maloney and Francis Poli, our lead director,
continue to serve as directors of the Company. Francis Poli serves as chairman of each of the board committees.  

Emerging
Growth Company   

We
are an  emerging growth company,  as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ).
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of the following: (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the
fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ); (2) the last day of the fiscal year where we have total
annual gross revenues of at least $1.0 billion; (3) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of the prior June 30; and (4) the
date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.  

As
an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that may otherwise be
applicable to public companies. These provisions include:  

Only
    two years of audited consolidated financial statements in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements
    with correspondingly reduced  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    disclosure;   

Reduced
    disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements;   

No
    requirement that we hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements; and   

Exemption
    from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting.   

We
have taken advantage of some of these reduced burdens and may continue to do so for so long as we remain an emerging growth company,
and thus the information we provide stockholders may be different from what you might receive from other public companies in which
you hold shares.  

To
the extent that we continue to qualify as a  smaller reporting company,  as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth
company, certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth company may continue to be available to us as a smaller
reporting company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of our internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures;
and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years.  

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates   

Use
of Estimates.  We make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The use of estimates may also affect the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant estimates made by management include, among others,
realization of capitalized assets, valuation of equity instruments, and deferred income tax valuation allowances. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.  

Revenue
Recognition . We recognize revenue when all four of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence that an arrangement
exists; (2) delivery of the products and/or services has occurred; (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability
is reasonably assured. We do not grant customers the right to return the products after such products have been accepted. Amounts
billed for shipping and handling are recorded as a component of net sales and the cost incurred for freight is included as a component
of operating expenses in the statements of operations.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents.  The Company considers demand deposits, U.S. treasury securities and highly-liquid debt investments purchased
with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September
30, 2016 and June 30, 2016.  

The
Company maintains its cash in major banks. From time to time, the Company s cash balances exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation limit. The Company has not experienced and does not anticipate any losses relating to these amounts.  

Accounts
Receivable.  The Company makes periodic evaluations of the creditworthiness of its customers and manages its exposure to losses
from bad debts by limiting the amount of credit extended whenever deemed necessary and generally does not require collateral.
The Company maintains an allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts receivable, as appropriate, and such losses have historically
been minimal and within management s expectations. There were no allowances for estimated uncollectible accounts at June
30, 2016 and 2015.  

Inventory.
 Inventory consists primarily of manufactured nano materials and is comprised of raw materials, labor and manufacturing overhead.
Inventory is stated at the lower of cost, determined on a first-in, first-out basis, or market. An inventory reserve is created
when potentially slow-moving or obsolete inventories are identified in order to reflect the appropriate inventory value. While
the Company s inventory is not perishable and does not degrade with time, the Company recorded a reserve as its inventory
was over one year old and there is no certainty that the inventory will be sold. At September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016, all
inventory was reserved.  

Property
and Equipment.  Purchased property and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Repairs and maintenance
of equipment are charged to expense as incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives
of property and equipment are capitalized. Gains or losses on dispositions of property and equipment are included in the results
of operations when realized. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related
assets, ranging from three to seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of terms of the leases or their
estimated useful lives. Depreciation expense on assets acquired under capital leases is included in depreciation expense.  

Patents.
 Costs incurred in applying for patents relating to the Company s process for production of nanopowders have been capitalized.
Patents are amortized to reflect the pattern of economic benefits consumed, on a straight-line basis, over the estimated periods
benefited. As of September 30, 2016, ten patents have been issued and two patents are pending approval. Amortization relating
to issued patents was not significant during the periods presented. Additional significant costs may be required for the continued
development of end-use applications for the Company s technology. Patents costs are reviewed periodically as to if any patents
are no longer being pursued and associated costs should be written off.  

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets.  Long-lived assets and intangible assets to be held and used are reviewed for impairment whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We evaluate potential impairment
by comparing the carrying amount of the assets with the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with them. Should
the review indicate that an asset is not recoverable, our carrying value of the asset would be reduced by the estimated shortfall
to fair value.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments and Certain Other Assets and Liabilities.  U.S. GAAP establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  

Level
    1 : Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets;   

Level
    2 : Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, that are observable either directly or indirectly; and   

Level
    3 : Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data, which require the reporting entity to develop its own
    assumptions   

The
Company s financial instruments consist of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses. The carrying
amounts of such assets and liabilities approximate their respective fair values because of the short-term nature of these items.
The carrying amounts of the Company s debt agreements approximate their fair values as interest approximates current market
rates for similar instruments. Derivative liabilities recorded in connection with convertible debt agreements are reported at
estimated fair value with changes in fair value reported in results of operations.  

Other
than derivative liabilities referenced above, the Company did not have any assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value
on a recurring or nonrecurring basis during the three months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended June 30, 2016.  

Derivative
Liabilities.  A derivative is an instrument whose value is  derived  from an underlying instrument or index such
as a future, forward, swap, option contract, or other financial instrument with similar characteristics, including certain derivative
instruments embedded in other contracts and for hedging activities. As a matter of policy, we do not invest in separable financial
derivatives or engage in hedging transactions. However, we have entered into certain financing transactions that involve financial
equity instruments containing certain features that have resulted in the instruments being deemed derivatives. We may engage in
other similar complex financing transactions in the future, but not with the intention to enter into derivative instruments. Derivatives
are measured at fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton model and marked to market through earnings. However, such new and/or
complex instruments may have immature or limited markets. As a result, the pricing models used for valuation of derivatives often
incorporate significant estimates and assumptions. Changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate
of the fair value of derivative liabilities and, consequently, the related amount recognized as loss due to change in fair value
of derivative liabilities on the consolidated statement of operations. Furthermore, depending on the terms of a derivative, the
valuation of derivatives may be removed from the financial statements upon exercise or conversion of the underlying instrument
into some other security. The classification of a derivative instrument is reassessed at each balance sheet date. If the classification
changes as a result of events during a reporting period, the instrument is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused
the reclassification. There is no limit on the number of times a contract may be reclassified.  

Research
and Development.  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Costs incurred for research and development for
new or improved processes to produce nanopowders as well as end use applications for the nanopowders are expensed until the production
process or applications have been determined to be commercially viable. Costs incurred after the production process is viable
and a working model of the equipment has been completed will be capitalized as long-lived assets.  

Income
Taxes.  Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences in future years of differences between the tax basis
of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each period end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax
rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established,
when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The provision for income taxes represents
the tax payable for the period, if any, and the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

Loss
Per Share.  The Company calculates basic loss per share by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the
weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic loss per share, except
that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if such additional
common shares had been issued and were dilutive.  

Potential
common shares, consisting of options and warrants, totaling 15,193,141 and 12,923,761, have been excluded from the computations
of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and
2015.  

Stock-Based
Compensation.  We measure all employee stock-based compensation awards using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model and allocate
the related expense over the requisite service period. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock
as determined by its private placement offerings, the expected life of the award is based on the simplified method. We account
for nonemployee stock-based transactions using the fair value of the consideration received (i.e. the value of the goods or services)
or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable.  

Going
Concern.  The Company has incurred recurring losses from operations from inception and has limited working capital. As of September
30, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately $47.8 million. The Company s activities will necessitate
significant uses of working capital beyond fiscal 2017. Additionally, the Company s capital requirements will depend on
many factors, including the success of its continued research and development efforts and the status of competitive products.
The Company plans to continue financing its operations with cash received from financing activities. Management is currently working
on securing equity capital from financing activities to sustain operations until the Company is able to generate sufficient cash
flows from operations. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient capital to continue operations
and, if available, on terms satisfactory to the Company. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern.  

Results
of Operations   

The
following sets forth a discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of QSI for the three months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements appearing
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ significantly
from the results discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled  Risk Factors,  beginning on page 15 of our Form 10-K
filed on October 13, 2016.  

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

The
following discussions are based on the balance sheets as of September 30, 2016 and June 30, 2016 and statements of operations
for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015 and notes thereto.  

The
tables presented below, which compare QSI s results of operations from one period to another, present the results for each
period and the change in those results from one period to another in dollars. The columns present the following:  

The
    first two data columns in each table show the dollar results for each period presented.   

The
    column entitled  Dollar variance  shows the change in results in dollars. This column show favorable changes as
    positive and unfavorable changes as negative. For example, when net sales increase from one period to the next, that change
    is shown as a positive number. Conversely, when expenses increase from one period to the next, that change is shown as a negative.   

Net
Sales.  Net sales increased by $18,242 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September
30, 2015, reflecting an increase in sales of various nanomaterials and electrodes.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, 83% of net sales were to the United States and 17% of net sales were to South Korea.
For the three months ended September 30, 2015, 48% of net sales were to the United States, 28% of net sales were to South Korea,
13% of net sales were to Japan, and 11% of net sales were to China.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, 88% of net sales were to four customers. For the three months ended September 30, 2015,
94% of net sales were to four customers.  

Gross
Profit.  Gross profit increased by $16,810 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from an increase of $18,242 in sales and decreases in costs of sales of $52,194 in manufacturing
salaries and related expenses, $10,721 in utilities, $6,964 in depreciation, $6,401 in repairs and maintenance, and $1,937 in
miscellaneous expenses, offset by $79,649 less allocation of nano iron analysis costs to research and development.  

Research
and Development.  Research and development expenses decreased by $108,879 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease resulted from decreases of $79,649 in nano iron analysis costs, $23,115
in salaries and related expenses due to less employees, and $7,283 in ammonia research, offset by an increase of $1,168 in miscellaneous
expenses.  

Selling,
Marketing and Advertising Expenses.  Selling, marketing and advertising expenses decreased by $3,928 in the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease resulted from decreases of $1,989 in outside
consultants, $1,415 in marketing expense, and $524 in miscellaneous expenses.  

General
and Administrative Expenses.  General and administrative expenses decreased by $594,556 in the three months ended September
30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The decrease resulted from decreases of $440,820 in consultants
and outside services (primarily for investor relations), $63,871 in payroll and related expenses (primarily stock compensation
expense in the three months ended September 30, 2015), $40,796 in board members compensation (primarily less board members in
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and stock compensation expense in the three months ended September 30, 2015), $23,180
in audit expense, $8,826 in travel related expenses, $6,994 in business insurance, and $10,069 in miscellaneous expenses.  

Interest
Expense.  Interest expense increased by $28,805 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2015. The increase resulted from the addition of notes payable in November 2015, and February, April and June 2016.  

Interest
Expense   Amortization of Note Discounts.  Debt discount amortization increased by $383,169 in the three months ended
September 30, 2016 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2015. The increase was due to the addition of Series O-2 Notes
derivative liabilities in October through December 2015 and the addition of bridge notes derivative liabilities in June 2016.  

Gain
in Disposal of Assets.  Gain from disposal of assets increased $28,385 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared
to the three months ended September 30, 2015. Several fully depreciated assets were sold.  

Gain
(Loss) from Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities.  Gain from change in fair value of derivative liabilities decreased
by $656,177 to a loss of $46,777 in the three months ended September 30, 2016 compared to a gain of $609,400 the three months
ended September 30, 2015. The loss in the three months ended September 30, 2016 was due to the September 30, 2016 revaluation
of the derivative liabilities of the 2015 Series O-2 notes. The gain in the three months ended September 30, 2015 was due to the
September 30, 2015 revaluation of the derivative liabilities relate to the Series O-1 convertible notes.  

Liquidity
and Capital Resources   

As
of September 30, 2016, we had current assets of $94,380, including $706 in cash.  

Cash
decreased $180,099 from $180,805 at June 30, 2016 to $706 at September 30, 2016. Net cash used in operating activities of $168,648
in the three months ended September 30, 2016 included $1,270,968 operating loss and $52,006 increase in prepaid expenses, offset
by $384,864 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses, $1,445 decrease in accounts receivable, and non-cash items of $529,935
in discount amortization on notes payable, $90,635 in depreciation and amortization, $83,250 in stock issued for services, $46,777
in loss from change in fair value of derivative liabilities, and $17,420 stock based compensation. $636,504 in cash was used in
operating activities for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

$130
of cash was used in investing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016 for the purchase of property and equipment.
$15,671 of cash was used in investing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

$11,321
in cash was used in financing activities in the three months ended September 30, 2016. $25,000 was provided by the issuance of
notes payable, offset by $36,321 principal payments on notes payable. $362,385 in cash was provided by financing activities in
the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Immediately
prior to the consummation of the Merger, the Company executed a 10,000 for 1 reverse split. As a result of the reverse split,
the Company cancelled and repurchased fractional shares comprising approximately 585,000 shares of common stock for $2.00 per
share. Shortly after the reverse split, the Company executed a 1 for 10,000 forward split. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had approximately $205,000 of accrued liabilities associated with the share cancellation.  

We
monitor our financial resources on an ongoing basis and may adjust planned business activities and operations as needed to ensure
that we have sufficient operating capital. We evaluate our capital needs, and the availability and cost of capital on an ongoing
basis and expect to seek capital when and on such terms as deemed appropriate based upon an assessment of then-current liquidity,
capital needs, and theavailability and cost of capital.We expect that any capital we raise will be through the issuance of equity
securities, the exercise of warrants and options, or the issuance of debt instruments, including convertible debt instruments.
We believe that we will be able to obtain financing when and as needed, but the capital may be epensive.  

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has
incurred recurring losses from operations from inception and has limited working capital. As of September 30, 2016, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of approximately $47.8 million. In addition, at September 30, 2016 the Company is in default on certain
of its debt obligations. 

The
Company s activities will necessitate significant uses of working capital during and beyond fiscal 2017. Additionally, the
Company s capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the success of its continued research and development
efforts and the status of competitive products. The Company plans to continue financing its operations with cash received from
financing activities. The Company has engaged U.S. Capital Partners and Avalon Securities for a proposed issuance of up to $5.0
million of 8% Series A convertible preferred stock. The Company has completed the due diligence phase and both firms are in the
process of presenting the offering to potential accredited investors. The Company anticipates that, if the issuance is partially
or completely successful, some or all of the issuance will be received by December 31, 2016. Should the issuance not be successful,
then absent another form of financing or capital raise, the Company expects it will not be able to service current obligations
and anticipates that it will have to liquidate assets and will no longer operate as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result for the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company currently has sufficient cash
for operations through November 2016. 

Other
Commitments and Contingencies   

Our
commitments and contingencies as of September 30, 2016 consisted of our lease agreement for our principal corporate offices located
in Santa Ana, California and leased equipment. Accordingly, the following table only summarizes our minimum lease payments for
the next five years and thereafter:  

The
above minimum lease payments include a new lease for our principal corporate offices that was signed in March 2014. The lease
period is from March 2014 through February 2017.  

OFF
BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.  

Inflation   

We
do not believe that the current levels of inflation in the United States have had a significant impact on our operations. If current
levels of inflation hold steady, we do not believe future operations will be negatively impacted.  

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.   

Not
required by smaller reporting companies.  

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.   

As
required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ), we carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls as of the end of the period covered by this report,
September 30, 2015. This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Kevin Maloney, and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Stephen Gillings, (the  Certifying Officers ). Based upon that
evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures are effective in timely alerting management to material information relating to us and required to be included
in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Commission ).  

Our
officer further concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the issuer in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and are also effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow time for decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting .  

There
were no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting, known to the Chief Executive Officer or the
Chief Financial Officer that occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II   OTHER INFORMATION   

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   

None.  

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS   

Not
Applicable.  

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS.   

None.  

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES.   

None  

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   

Not
Applicable.  

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION.   

None  

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS   

Copies
of the following documents are included as exhibits to this report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.  

Exhibit   
           No.    
         
       Title
    of Document   
         
       Location    

31  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Executive Officer/ Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002  
         
      Attached   

32  
         
      Certification
    of the Principal Executive Officer/ Principal Financial Officer pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section
    906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  
         
      Attached   

101.INS  
         
       XBRL
    Instance Document  
         
      Attached   

101.SCH  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  
         
      Attached   

101.CAL  
         
       XBRL
    Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.DEF  
         
       XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.LAB  
         
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

101.PRE  
         
       XBRL
    Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document  
         
      Attached   

The
Exhibit attached to this Form 10-Q shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the  Exchange Act ) or otherwise subject to liability under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by
specific reference in such filing.  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

QUANTUMSPHERE,
INC.   

Date:
November 21, 2016  

By:
      
       /s/
    Kevin Maloney   

Kevin
    Maloney, Chief Executive Officer  

By:
      
       /s/
    Stephen Gillings   

Stephen
    Gillings, Chief Financial Officer  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1  

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer   

   Pursuant
to section 302 of the   

   Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

I,
Kevin Maloney, Chief Executive Officer of QuantumSphere, Inc., certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QuantumSphere, Inc. (the  registrant ).   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
       /s/
    Kevin Maloney    

Kevin
    Maloney   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2  

Certification
of Principal Financial Officer   

   Pursuant
to section 302 of the   

   Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002   

I,
Stephen Gillings, Chief Financial Officer of QuantumSphere, Inc., certify that:  

1.  
      I
    have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of QuantumSphere, Inc. (the  registrant ).   

2.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;   

3.  
      Based
    on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
    presented in this report;   

4.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  
      Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
    us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  
      Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  
      Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and   

(d)  
      Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
    and   

5.  
      The
    registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  
      All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
    information; and   

(b)  
      Any
    fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
    internal control over financial reporting.   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
       /s/
    Stephen Gillings    

Stephen
    Gillings   

Chief
    Financial Officer and   

Principal
    Accounting Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
OF   
  CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
  PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In
connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q QuantumSphere, Inc. (the  Company ) for the period ended September
30, 2016 (the  Report ), the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, respectively, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.  
      the
    report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and   

2.  
      the
    information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
       /s/
    Kevin Maloney    

Kevin
    Maloney   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

Dated:
    November 21, 2016  
       /s/
    Stephen Gillings    

Stephen
    Gillings   

Chief
    Financial Officer and   

Principal
    Accounting Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 5
 qsim-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 qsim-20160930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 qsim-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 qsim-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 qsim-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 qsim-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

