<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1644509_0001564590-16-027436_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2419422</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74074</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>134105</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>546667</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>748095</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>535703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>9</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001564590-16-027436.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103172419
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001564590-16-027436
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pace Holdings Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001644509
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37551
		FILM NUMBER:		161972857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 COMMERCE STREET
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817 871-4651

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		301 COMMERCE STREET
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Paceline Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150609

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001564590-16-027436.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 paceu-10q_20160930.htm
 FORM 10-Q

paceu-10q_20160930.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
   
 FORM 10-Q 
   
 (Mark One) 

For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 
 OR 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 
 Commission File Number: 001-37551 
   
 PACE HOLDINGS CORP. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (512) 533-6642 
   
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes            No         
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes           No        
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a small reporting company)   

Small reporting company  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes           No        
 At October 21, 2016, there were 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, and 11,250,000 Class F ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents  

Page  

PART I.  

FINANCIAL INFORMATION    

1  

Item 1.  

Financial Statements     

1  

Condensed Balance Sheets (unaudited)    

1  

Condensed Statement of Operations (unaudited)    

2  

Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity (unaudited)    

3  

Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited)    

4  

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited)    

5  

Item 2.  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

13  

Item 3.  

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk    

15  

Item 4.  

Controls and Procedures    

16  

PART II.  

OTHER INFORMATION    

Item 1.  

Legal Proceedings    

17  

Item 1A.  

Risk Factors    

17  

Item 2.  

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds    

17  

Item 3.  

Defaults Upon Senior Securities    

18  

Item 4.  

Mine Safety Disclosures    

18  

Item 5.  

Other Information    

18  

Item 6.  

Exhibits    

18  

Signatures    

19  

Exhibit Index    

i 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION  
      Item 1. Financial Statements  
  Pace  Holdings  Corp.  
      Condensed Balance Sheets  
  (unaudited)  

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

1 

Pace Holdings Corp.  
     Condensed Statement of Operations 
 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

2 

Pace Holdings Corp.  
     Condensed Statement of Changes in Shareholders  Equity  
 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

3 

Pace Holdings Corp.  
     Condensed Statement of Cash Flows 
 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 

4 

Pace Holdings Corp.  
     Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
   
 1. Organization and Business Operations 
 Organization and General 
 Pace Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 3, 2015 under the name Paceline Holdings Corp. The Company changed its name to Pace Holdings Corp. on August 7, 2015. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses ( Business Combination ). The Company is an  emerging growth company,  as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the  JOBS Act ). The Company s sponsor is TPACE Sponsor Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company (the  Sponsor ). 
 All activity for the period from June 3, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2016 relates to the Company s formation and initial public offering of units consisting of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and warrants to purchase Class A ordinary shares (the  Public Offering ), and the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of a Business Combination at the earliest. The Company has selected December 31st as its fiscal year end.  
 Going Concern 
 If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months of September 16, 2015 (the  Close Date ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all of the Class A ordinary shares issued as part of the units in the Public Offering ( Public Shares ) at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee (the  Trust Account ), including interest, net of taxes (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the shareholder rights of owners of Class A ordinary shares (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution, including Trust Account assets, will be less than the initial public offering price per unit in the Public Offering. In addition, if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination within 24 months of the Close Date, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to warrants to purchase the Company s Class A ordinary shares, which will expire worthless. This mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 In addition, at September 30, 2016, the Company had current liabilities of $623,258 and negative working capital of $499,329 largely due to amounts owed to professionals, consultants, advisors and others who are working on seeking a Business Combination. Such work is continuing after September 30, 2016 and amounts are continuing to accrue. The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to consummate a Business Combination or obtain additional funds. Management's options for obtaining additional working capital include potentially requesting loans from the Sponsor or affiliates of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s executive officers or directors. Additional funds could also be raised through a private offering of debt or equity. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise such funds. The uncertainty regarding the lack of resources to pay the above noted liabilities raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that might arise as a result of uncertainties about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Financing 
 The registration statement for the Company s Public Offering was declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on September 10, 2015. The Public Offering closed on  the Close Date. The Company s Sponsor purchased $11,000,000 of warrants in a private placement at the Close Date.  
   The Company intends to finance a Business Combination with proceeds from its $450,000,000 Public Offering and $11,000,000 private placement (see Note 3). At the Close Date, $450,000,000 of the proceeds from the Public Offering and private placement were  
 5 

deposited in   the   Trust   Account  . At   September   30  , 2016  , all Trust   Account funds were   invested in a money market account invested in permitted United States  g  overnment securities  within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under   the Investment Company Act ( Money Market Investments ).  
 At the Close Date, the Company held proceeds from the Public Offering and private placement outside the Trust Account of $11,000,000, of which $9,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts and $300,000 was used to repay notes payable from the Sponsor. The balance was reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. 
 The Trust Account 
 On January 4, 2016, funds held in the Trust Account were invested in Money Market Investments. 
 Trust Account funds will not be removed except for the withdrawal of a portion of interest income to be utilized to pay taxes, if any, until the earliest of (i) the completion of a Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance and timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, or (iii) the redemption of all of the Company s Public Shares if it is unable to complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, subject to applicable law.  
 Business Combination 
 The Company has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating a Business Combination with, or acquisition of, one or more target businesses that together have a fair market equal to at least 80% of the balance of the Trust Account, net of any deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on earned interest, at the date a definitive agreement to proceed with a Business Combination is signed. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination.  
 The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval, unless a vote is required by NASDAQ rules or otherwise required by law. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete a Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets, or total shareholder s equity, to be less than $5,000,001. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and related Business Combination, and would resume its search for an alternate Target Business with which to undertake a Business Combination.  
 If the Company holds a shareholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with a Business Combination, a public shareholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such ordinary shares are recorded at their redemption amount and classified as temporary equity in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  ( ASC 480 ).  
   The Company has 24 months from the Close Date to complete a Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within this time period, it shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest, net of tax (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the shareholder rights of owners of Class A ordinary shares (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,  
 6 

if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemp  tion, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other appl  icable law. The Sponsor and the Company s   four   independent directors (collectively, the  Initial Shareholders ) have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liqu  idating distributions from the Tru  st A  ccount with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months   after   the   Close Date  . However, if th  e Initial Shareholders acquire Public S  hares after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to liqu  idating distributions from the Trus  t Account with respect to such Public S  hares if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date.     
 If the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, the resulting redemption of the Company s Class A ordinary shares will reduce the book value per share for the Class F ordinary shares held by the Initial Shareholders, who would be the only remaining shareholders after such a redemption. 
 If the Company completes a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, funds in the Trust Account will be used to pay for the Business Combination, redemptions of Class A ordinary shares, if any, the deferred underwriting compensation of $15,750,000 and accrued expenses related to the Business Combination. Any funds remaining will be made available to the Company to provide working capital to finance the Company s business operations. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
   
 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the SEC, and reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, which are, in the opinion of management, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company s financial position at September 30, 2016 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period presented. Certain information and disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP have been omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations. Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or any future periods. The accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed by the Company with the SEC. As discussed above in Note 1, the accompanying unaudited interim condensed financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include any adjustments that might arise as a result of uncertainties that exist about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Reclassification 
 Certain amounts in the unaudited interim condensed financial statements at December 31, 2015 have been reclassified to conform to the presentation of financial information at September 30, 2016. These reclassifications have no effect on results as previously reported. 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard.  
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution which, at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts.  
 7 

Financial Instruments  
 The fair values of the Company s assets and liabilities which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,  approximate the carrying amounts represented in the condensed balance sheets due to their short-term nature.  
 Fair Value Measurement 
 ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes and ranks the level of observability of inputs used to measure investments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of investment, characteristics specific to the investment, market conditions and other factors. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level I measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level III measurements).  
 Investments with readily available quoted prices or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets will typically have a higher degree of input observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value.   
 The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 are as follows: 
 Level I   Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical investments at the measurement date are used.  
 Level II   Pricing inputs are other than quoted prices included within Level I that are observable for the investment, either directly or indirectly. Level II pricing inputs include quoted prices for similar investments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar investments in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the investment, and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
 Level III   Pricing inputs are unobservable and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs used in determination of fair value require significant judgment and estimation.  
 In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the investment is categorized in its entirety is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the investment. Assessing the significance of a particular input to the valuation of an investment in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the investment. The categorization of an investment within the hierarchy is based upon the pricing transparency of the investment and does not necessarily correspond to the perceived risk of that investment.  
 Redeemable Ordinary Shares 
 All 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature as discussed in Note 1. In accordance with ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets, or total shareholders  equity, to fall below $5,000,001. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 42,937,876 and 42,990,227, respectively, of the Company s 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were classified outside of permanent equity. 
 Net Loss per Ordinary Share 
 Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, plus, to the extent dilutive, the incremental number of ordinary shares to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, the Company had outstanding warrants for the purchase of up to 22,333,333 Class A ordinary shares. For all periods presented, the weighted average of these shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per ordinary share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is equal to basic net loss per ordinary share. 
 8 

Use of Estimates  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
 Offering Costs 
 The Company complies with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A,  Expenses of Offering.  The Company incurred offering costs in connection with its Public Offering of $1,114,002, primarily consisting of accounting and legal services, securities registration expenses and exchange listing fees. These costs, along with paid and deferred underwriter discounts totaling $24,750,000, were charged to additional paid-in capital at the Close Date.  
 Income Taxes 
 The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740,  Income Taxes  ( ASC 740 ). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period of the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.  
 ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at September 30, 2016. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.  
 There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman federal income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

9 

3. Public Offering  
 In its Public Offering, the Company sold 45,000,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the  Units ). Each Unit consists of one of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, $0.0001 par value, and one redeemable Class A ordinary share purchase warrant ( Warrant ). The Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a registration statement, and cause such registration statement to become effective under the Securities Act, covering the Class A ordinary shares underlying the Warrants following the completion of a Business Combination. Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one third of one Class A ordinary share for one third of $11.50 per one third share. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of ordinary shares; no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, the Company will round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the Warrant holder. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or 12 months from the Close Date, and will expire after the earlier of five years after the completion of a Business Combination, or upon redemption or liquidation. Alternatively, if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered Class A ordinary shares to a holder upon exercise of Warrants issued in connection with the 45,000,000 Units during the exercise period, the Warrants will expire worthless, except to the extent that they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the Warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days  prior written notice of redemption, and only in the event that the last sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders.  
 The Company paid an underwriting discount of 2.00% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or $9,000,000, to the underwriters at the Close Date, with an additional fee (the  Deferred Discount ) of 3.50% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or $15,750,000, payable upon the Company s completion of a Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to receive any of the interest earned on Trust Account funds that would be used to pay the Deferred Discount. The Deferred Discount is recorded as deferred underwriter compensation at the Company s condensed balance sheet. 

4. Related Party Transactions 
 Founder Shares  
 On June 30, 2015, the Sponsor purchased 10,062,500 Class F ordinary shares for $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share.  On September 4, 2015, the Sponsor transferred 35,000 Class F ordinary shares to each of the Company s four independent directors at their original purchase price. Immediately prior to the pricing of the Public Offering, on September 10, 2015, the Company s board of directors effected a capitalization of 1,437,500 Class F ordinary shares to the Initial Shareholders, resulting in an aggregate issuance of 11,500,000 Class F ordinary shares (the  Founder Shares ) of which 1,500,000 shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor if the underwriters  over-allotment option was not exercised in full by a specified date. On October 25, 2015, the Sponsor forfeited 250,000 Founder Shares on the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters  over-allotment option. Following the capitalization and forfeiture,   the Sponsor held 11,090,000 Founder Shares and each of the Company s four independent directors held 40,000 Founder Shares.     
 The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain rights and transfer restrictions, as described in further detail below, and are automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions contained in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 The Initial Shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Founder Shares until the earlier of (i) one year after the completion of a Business Combination, or earlier if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the last sale price of the Company s ordinary shares equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination or (ii) the date at which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after a Business Combination that results in all of the Company s public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property (the  Lock Up Period ).  
 Private Placement Warrants  
   Prior to the Close Date, the Sponsor purchased 22,000,000 warrants at a price of $0.50 per warrant, or $11,000,000, in a private placement (the  Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one third of one  
 10 

Class A ordinary share for one third of $11.50 per one third share.  Private Placement Warrants may not be redeemed by the Company so long as they are h  eld by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If any Private Placement Warrants are transferred to holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, such Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by the hold  ers on the same basis as the Warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. The Sponsor or its permitted transferees have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis.  
 If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Company s Class A ordinary shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 
 Registration Rights  
 Holders of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants hold registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands that the Company register the Private Placement Warrants, Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and Class F ordinary shares. In addition, the holders have certain  piggy-back  registration rights with respect to registration statements filed by the Company subsequent to its completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable Lock Up Period. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.  
 Related Party Notes  
 Between Inception and the Close Date, the Sponsor loaned the Company $300,000 in unsecured promissory notes. The funds were used to pay up front expenses associated with the Public Offering. These notes were non-interest bearing and were repaid in full to the Sponsor at the Close Date.  
 Administrative Services Agreement  
 On September 10, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to pay monthly recurring expenses of $10,000 for office space, administrative and support services to an affiliate of the Sponsor effective at the Close Date. The agreement terminates upon the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred expenses of $30,000 and $90,000, respectively, under this agreement. 

5. Investments Held in Trust Account 
 Gross proceeds of $450,000,000 and $11,000,000 from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, respectively, less underwriting discounts of $9,000,000; and funds of $2,000,000 designated to pay the Company s accrued formation and offering costs, ongoing administrative and acquisition search costs, plus repay notes payable of $300,000 to the Sponsor at the Close Date were placed in the Trust Account at the Close Date. 
 On January 4, 2016, funds held in the Trust Account were invested in Money Market Investments, which are considered Level 1 investments under ASC 820. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the investments held in the Trust Account generated interest income of $227,747 and $628,095, respectively, all of which was reinvested in Money Market Investments. At September 30, 2016, the balance of funds held in the Trust Account was $450,628,095. 

6. Deferred Underwriting Compensation 
 The Company is committed to pay the Deferred Discount of 3.50% of the gross proceeds of the Public Offering, or $15,750,000, to the underwriters upon the Company s completion of a Business Combination. The underwriters are not entitled to receive any of the interest earned on Trust Account funds that would be used to pay the Deferred Discount, and no Deferred Discount is payable to the underwriters if a Business Combination is not completed within 24 months after the Close Date. 

11 

7. Shareholders  Equity  
 Class A Ordinary Shares  
 The Company is authorized to issue 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares. Depending on the terms of a potential Business Combination, the Company may be required to increase the number of authorized Class A ordinary shares at the same time as its shareholders vote on the Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with its Business Combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share with the exception that prior to the completion of a Business Combination only holders of Class F ordinary shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. At September 30, 2016, there were 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, of which 42,937,876 shares were subject to possible redemption. 
 Class F Ordinary Shares  
 The Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 Class F ordinary shares. Holders of the Company s Class F ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each ordinary share, plus prior to the completion of a Business Combination only holders of Class F ordinary shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. Class F ordinary shares are automatically converted to Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, at the time of a Business Combination. The Initial Shareholders, the sole holders of Class F ordinary shares, have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any Class F ordinary shares during the Lock Up Period. At September 30, 2016, there were 11,250,000 Class F ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Preferred Shares  
 The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 preferred shares. The Company s board of directors has the authority to determine the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the preferred shares of each series. The board of directors may, without shareholder approval, issue preferred shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares, and which could have anti-takeover effects. At September 30, 2016, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.  

8. Subsequent Events 
 Management has performed an evaluation of subsequent events through November 3, 2016, the date the unaudited interim condensed financial statements were issued, noting no subsequent events which require adjustment or disclosure. 

12 

Item 2. M  anagement s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
 References to the  Company,   our,   us  or  we  refer to Pace Holdings Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements under this  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,  regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, words such as  anticipate,   believe,   estimate,   expect,   intend  and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 
 Overview 
 We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on June 3, 2015 and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more target businesses ( Business Combination ). We have reviewed, and continue to review, a number of opportunities to enter into a Business Combination with an operating business, but we are not able to determine at this time whether we will complete a Business Combination with any of the target businesses that we have reviewed or with any other target business. 
 We intend to consummate a Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the  Public Offering ) that closed on September 16, 2015 (the  Close Date ) and the private placement of warrants to purchase our Class A ordinary shares ( Private Placement Warrants ) that occurred at the Close Date, and from additional issuances of, if any, our capital stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 
 At September 30, 2016, we held cash of $83,714, current liabilities of $623,258 and deferred underwriting compensation of $15,750,000. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 
 Results of Operations 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we earned net income of $13,775 and incurred a net loss of $523,505, respectively.  For the three months ended September 30, 2015 and the period from June 3, 2015 (inception) to September 30, 2015, we incurred net losses of $86,630 and $141,130, respectively.  Our business activities since our Public Offering have consisted solely of identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On June 30, 2015, TPACE Sponsor Corp. (the  Sponsor ) purchased 10,062,500 Class F ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. On September 4, 2015, our Sponsor transferred 35,000 Class F ordinary shares to each of our four independent directors at their original purchase price. Immediately prior to the pricing of the Public Offering, on September 10, 2015, our board of directors effected a capitalization of 1,437,500 Class F ordinary shares to our Sponsor and the Company s four independent directors (collectively, the  Initial Shareholders ), resulting in an aggregate issuance of 11,500,000 Class F ordinary shares (the  Founder Shares ) of which 1,500,000 shares were subject to forfeiture by our Sponsor if the underwriters  over-allotment option was not exercised in full by a specified date. On October 25, 2015, our Sponsor forfeited 250,000 Founder Shares on the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters  over-allotment option so that the Founder Shares would represent 20% of the total ordinary shares outstanding. Following the capitalization and forfeiture, our Sponsor held 11,090,000 Founder Shares and each of our four independent directors held 40,000 Founder Shares. 
   On September 16, 2015, we consummated the Public Offering of 45,000,000 Units (which included the purchase of 5,000,000 Units subject to the underwriters  6,000,000 Unit over-allotment option) at a price of $10.00 per Unit generating gross proceeds of  
 13 

$450,000,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. Each  Unit  consists of one Class A ordinary share and one Warrant. Each  Warrant  entitles the holder thereof to purchase one third   of one Class A ordinary share at a price of on  e third of $11.50 per one third   share. Prior to the Close Date, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 22,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one third of one Class A ord  inary share for one third of $11.50 per one third share, to our Sponsor, at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant.  
 We received gross proceeds from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants of $450,000,000 and $11,000,000, respectively, for an aggregate of $461,000,000. $450,000,000 of the gross proceeds were deposited in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company (the  Trust Account ). At the Close Date, the remaining $11,000,000 was held outside of the Trust Account, of which $9,000,000 was used to pay underwriting discounts and $300,000 was used to repay notes payable to our Sponsor, with the balance reserved to pay accrued offering and formation costs, business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. In the future, a portion of interest income on the funds held in the Trust Account may be released to us to pay tax obligations.  
 On January 4, 2016, we invested the funds held in the Trust Account in a money market account invested in permitted United States  government securities  within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 180 days or less, or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act ( Money Market Investments ). 
 At September 30, 2016, we had cash held outside of the Trust Account of $83,714, which is available to fund our working capital requirements. 
 At September 30, 2016, we had current liabilities of $623,258, largely due to costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential Business Combinations. The identification and evaluation of potential Business Combinations is continuing after September 30, 2016 and we therefore expect to incur additional expenses, which may be significant. We expect some portion of these expenses to be paid upon consummation of a Business Combination. We may, however, need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to a Business Combination. We may request loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or certain of our executive officers and directors to fund our working capital requirements prior to completing a Business Combination. We may use working capital to repay such loans, but no proceeds from the Trust Account will be utilized for such repayment. Additional funds could also be raised through a private offering of debt or equity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such funds. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We may also need to obtain additional financing either to complete a Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Class A ordinary shares upon completion of a Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. 
 We have 24 months after the Close Date to complete a Business Combination. If we do not complete a Business Combination within this time period, we shall (i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Class A ordinary shares issued as part of the units in the Public Offering (the  Public Shares ), at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest, net of tax (less up to $50,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the shareholder rights of owners of Class A ordinary shares (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including earned interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) to consummate a Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to consummate a Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account after completion of the Business Combination and redemptions of Class A ordinary shares, if any, will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategy. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 
 We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 14 

We have not ente  red into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into any non-financial agreements involving assets.  
 Contractual Obligations 
 We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an administrative agreement to pay monthly recurring expenses of $10,000 for office space, administrative and support services to an affiliate of our Sponsor. The agreement terminates upon the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 
 Offering Costs 
 We comply with the requirements of Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A,  Expenses of Offering.  We incurred offering costs in connection with our Public Offering of $1,114,002, primarily consisting of accounting and legal services, securities registration expenses and exchange listing fees. These costs, along with paid and deferred underwriter discounts totaling $24,750,000, were charged to additional paid-in capital at the Close Date. 
 Redeemable Ordinary Shares 
 The 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature under which holders of the Class A ordinary shares may redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon completion of our Business Combination for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination (including interest, net of taxes payable). In accordance with ASC 480,  Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity  ( ASC 480 ), redemption provisions not solely within an entity s control require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of an entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. Although we did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our Class A ordinary shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, or total shareholders  equity, to fall below $5,000,001. Accordingly, at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, 42,937,876 and 42,990,227, respectively, of our 45,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were classified outside of permanent equity. 
 Net Loss per Ordinary Share 
 Net loss per ordinary share is computed by dividing net loss attributable to ordinary shares by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, plus to the extent dilutive the incremental number of ordinary shares to settle warrants, as calculated using the treasury stock method. At September 30, 2016, we had outstanding warrants for the purchase of up to 22,333,333 Class A ordinary shares. For all periods presented, the weighted average of these shares was excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per ordinary share because its inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. As a result, diluted net loss per ordinary share is equal to basic net loss per ordinary share. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the our financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
   To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities and activities relating to the Public Offering and the identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for a Business Combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues. As the net proceeds from our Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants  
 15 

held in the Trust Account have been invested in Mon  ey Market Investments, we do not believe ther  e will be any material exposure   to int  erest rate risk. For   both   the     three months   and nine months ended September   30  , 2016, the effective annualized interest rate earned on our   Money Market Investments was 0.2  %.     
 At September 30, 2016, $450,628,095 was held in the Trust Account for the purposes of consummating a Business Combination. If we complete a Business Combination within 24 months after the Close Date, funds in the Trust Account will be used to pay for the Business Combination, redemptions of Class A ordinary shares, if any, the deferred underwriting compensation of $15,750,000 and accrued expenses related to the Business Combination. Any funds remaining will be made available to us to provide working capital to finance our operations. 
 We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on June 3, 2015. We do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 
     Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2016. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
 During the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

16 

PART II   -     O  THER INFORMATION  
     Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 None. 
     Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this report are any of the risks disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on January 26, 2016. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on January 26, 2016. However, we may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings with the SEC. 
     Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Unregistered Sales 
 On June 30, 2015, our Sponsor purchased 10,062,500 Class F ordinary shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.002 per share. On September 4, 2015, our Sponsor transferred 35,000 Class F ordinary shares to each of our four independent directors at their original purchase price. Immediately prior to the pricing of the Public Offering, on September 10, 2015, our board of directors effected a capitalization of 1,437,500 Class F ordinary shares to the Initial Shareholders, resulting in an aggregate issuance of 11,500,000 Founder Shares of which 1,500,000 shares were subject to forfeiture by our Sponsor if the underwriters  over-allotment option was not exercised in full by a specified date. On October 25, 2015, our Sponsor forfeited 250,000 Founder Shares on the expiration of the unexercised portion of the underwriters  over-allotment option so that the Founder Shares would represent 20% of the total ordinary shares outstanding. Following the capitalization and forfeiture, our Sponsor held 11,090,000 Founder Shares and each of our four independent directors held 40,000 Founder Shares. 
 Prior to the Close Date, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 22,000,000 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one third of one Class A ordinary share for one third of $11.50 per one third share, to our Sponsor, at a price of $0.50 per Private Placement Warrant, generating proceeds, before expenses, of $11,000,000. The Private Placement Warrants are substantially similar to the Warrants underlying the Units issued in the Public Offering, except that if held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, they (i) may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis and (ii) are not subject to being called for redemption. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than our Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Warrants. 
 The sales of the above securities by the Company were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 On September 10, 2015, our registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-206343) was declared effective by the SEC for the Public Offering pursuant to which we sold an aggregate of 45,000,000 Units at an offering price to the public of $10.00 per Unit for an aggregate offering price of $450,000,000, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one Warrant. Each Warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one third of one Class A ordinary share at a price of one third of $11.50 per one third share. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and I-Bankers Securities, Inc. acted as underwriters (the  Underwriters ). Our Public Offering did not terminate before all of the securities registered in our registration statement were sold. The Public Offering was consummated on September 16, 2015. 
 Net proceeds of $450,000,000 from the Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, including deferred underwriting discounts of $15,750,000, are held in the Trust Account at September 30, 2016. We paid $9,000,000 in underwriting discounts and incurred offering costs of $1,114,002 related to the Public Offering. In addition, the Underwriters agreed to defer $15,750,000 in underwriting discounts, which amount will be payable when and if a Business Combination is consummated. We also repaid $300,000 in non-interest bearing loans made to us by our Sponsor to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. No payments were made by us to directors, officers or persons owning ten percent or more of our ordinary shares or to their associates, or to our affiliates. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Public Offering as described in our final prospectus dated September 10, 2015 which was filed with the SEC. 
 17 

Item 3. D  efaults Upon Senior Securities.  
 None. 
     Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
     Item 5. Other Information. 
 None. 
     Item 6. Exhibits. 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

*   
 
 Incorporated herein by reference as indicated.    

*  *   
 
 Filed herewith.    

18 

S  IGNATURES  
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PACE HOLDINGS CORP.  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Karl Peterson  

Karl Peterson  

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  
 
 /s/ Dirk Eller  

Dirk Eller  

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

19 

E  xhibit Index  

*   
 
 Incorporated herein by reference as indicated.    

**   
 
 Filed herewith.    

<EX-31.1>
 2
 paceu-ex311_9.htm
 EX-31.1

paceu-ex311_9.htm

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Karl Peterson, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pace Holdings Corp.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 [Omitted];    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Karl Peterson  

Karl Peterson  

Chief Executive Officer  
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 paceu-ex312_6.htm
 EX-31.2

paceu-ex312_6.htm

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dirk Eller, certify that: 

1.   
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Pace Holdings Corp.;    

2.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;    

3.   
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;    

4.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:    

(a)   
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

(b)   
 
 [Omitted];    

(c)   
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and    

(d)   
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and    

5.   
 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):    

(a)   
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and    

(b)   
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Dirk Eller  

Dirk Eller  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 paceu-ex321_7.htm
 EX-32.1

paceu-ex321_7.htm

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pace Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Karl Peterson  

Karl Peterson  

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 paceu-ex322_8.htm
 EX-32.2

paceu-ex322_8.htm

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pace Holdings Corp. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)   
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and    

(2)   
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 3, 2016  

By:  

/s/ Dirk Eller  

Dirk Eller  

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 paceu-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 paceu-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 paceu-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 paceu-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 paceu-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 paceu-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

