<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161114_10-Q_edgar_data_1418372_0001144204-16-134041_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1505698</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>39128</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>96232</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>378814</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>591722</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>344435</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>34</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-134041.hdr.sgml : 20161111
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161114142811
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-134041
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		34
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Salamander Innisbrook, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001418372
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				260442888
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-147447
		FILM NUMBER:		161993709

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36750 US HIGHWAY 19 NORTH
		CITY:			PALM HARBOR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34684
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-942-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		36750 US HIGHWAY 19 NORTH
		CITY:			PALM HARBOR
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34684

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-134041.txt : 20161114

10-Q
 1
 v452449_10-q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  Washington, DC 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

 (Mark one) 

For the quarterly period ended September
30, 2016  

OR  

For the transition period from              
         to  

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 333-147447  

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

36750 US Highway 19 North, Palm Harbor,
FL 34684 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

 727-942-2000 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. 

 YES  x      
NO     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of the Regulation S-T (229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES         
NO  x  

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated
filer   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
(Check one): 

 Large accelerated filer           
Accelerated filer           Non-accelerated filer     
      Smaller reporting company       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES          NO       

The Rental Pool operated by the Registrant has 405 condominium
rental pool units owned by approximately 417 condominium owners as of September 30, 2016. 

INDEX 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements  

The following report contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that predict or describe future events or trends and that do not relate solely
to historical matters. All of our projections in this annual report are forward-looking statements. You can generally identify
forward-looking statements as statements containing the words  appears,   believe,   expect, 
 hope,   may,   will,   anticipate,   intend,   estimate, 
 project,   assume  or other similar expressions. Certain factors that might cause such a difference include
the following: changes in general economic conditions; including changes that may influence group conference and guests 
vacation plans; changes in travel patterns; changes in consumer tastes in destinations or accommodations for group conferences
and vacations; changes in Rental Pool participation by the current condominium owners; our ability to continue to operate the Innisbrook
Resort and Golf Club, or the  Resort  under our management contracts; and the resale of condominiums to owners who
elect neither to participate in the Rental Pool nor to become members of the Resort. You should not place undue reliance on our
forward-looking statements because the matters they describe are subject to known (and unknown) risks, uncertainties and other
unpredictable factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our forward-looking statements are based on the limited information
currently available to us and speak only as of the date on which this report was filed with the Securities Exchange Commission.
Our continued internet posting or subsequent distribution of this dated report does not imply continued affirmation of the forward-looking
statements included in it. We undertake no obligation, and we expressly disclaim any obligation, to issue any updates to our forward-looking
statements, even if subsequent events cause our expectations to change regarding the matters discussed in those statements. Future
events are inherently uncertain. Moreover, it is particularly difficult to predict business activity levels at the Resort with
any certainty. Accordingly, our projections in this annual report are subject to particularly high uncertainty. Our projections
should not be regarded as legal promises, representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever. Over time, our actual results,
performance or achievements will likely differ from the anticipated results, performance or achievements that are expressed or
implied by our forward-looking statements, and such differences might be significant and harmful to your interests. 

PART I   FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

   Item 1. Financial Statements 

SALAMANDER
INNISBROOK, LLC 

   CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC 

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND CHANGES
IN MEMBER S EQUITY 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC 

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC 

   NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
(Unaudited) 

Note 1. Nature of Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies   

Nature of business   

Salamander Innisbrook, LLC (the  Company ,  we ,
 us , or  our ), together with our affiliates, Salamander Innisbrook Securities, LLC, and Salamander Innisbrook
Condominium, LLC owns and operates the Innisbrook Resort and Golf Club (the  Resort ). 

The Company controls and operates the Rental Pool Lease Operations
(the  Rental Pool ); a securitized pool of condominiums owned by participating condominium owners (the  Participating
Owners ) and rented as hotel rooms to guests of the Resort (an average of 405 units or 506 hotel rooms participate at any
given time). Pursuant to the Innisbrook Rental Pool Master Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2014 (the  Master Lease 
or  MLA ), the Company is obligated to make quarterly distributions of a percentage of room revenues. Other resort
facilities include four 18-hole golf courses, four restaurants, three convention facilities, a health spa, fitness center, tennis
and recreation facilities, themed water park and five swimming pools. 

Basis of presentation   

The accompanying interim condensed financial statements and
related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and 
the instructions to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Consequently, they do not include all disclosures normally provided in the audited
financial statements included in our Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Accordingly, these condensed financial statements
and related notes should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2015.  

In the opinion of management, the condensed financial statements
reflect all adjustments which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial information. All such adjustments are of a
normal recurring nature.   

As a destination golf resort, open year round, the Resort s
performance is sensitive to weather conditions and seasonality as well as general trends in the economy, with economic downturns
adversely affecting our operating results. Our operations are seasonal with the highest volume of revenue generated in the first
two quarters of each calendar year. Due to the seasonal business of the Company, the results of operations for the interim periods
shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 

Use of Estimates  - The preparation of condensed financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the condensed financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Estimates that are critical to the accompanying condensed financial statements include our belief that long-lived assets, including
intangibles, are recoverable, and our estimates of the average lives of memberships from which we base our revenue recognition
are reasonable. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period they
are determined to be necessary. It is at least reasonably possible that our estimates could change in the near term. Future results
could be materially affected if actual results differ from these estimates and assumptions. 

Note 2. Accounts Receivable  

Accounts receivable consist of the following as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Note 3. Property, Buildings and Equipment   

Property, buildings and equipment consist of the following as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015: 

Note 4. Commitments and Contingencies  

In the normal course of our operations, we
are periodically subject to claims and lawsuits. However, no such matters existed at September 30, 2016 or December 31, 2015. 

Note 5. Related Party Transactions  

We incurred management fees to an affiliate of $219,653 and
$154,106 for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $937,406 and $890,082 for the nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. These fees are included in general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Statements
of Operations. 

At September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, amounts due (to)/
from affiliates were $213,368 and $(144,938), respectively, which balances are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. 

The Innisbrook Rental Pool Lease Operation paid us $99,267 and
$115,363 for the three month periods ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, and $262,908 and $282,005 for the nine month periods ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, as reimbursement for maintenance and housekeeping labor, use of the telephone lines
and other supplies. These reimbursements are included in general and administrative expenses in the Condensed Statements of Operations. 

RENTAL POOL LEASE OPERATION  

The operation of the Rental Pool is tied closely to the Resort s
operations. The Rental Pool Master Lease Agreement provides for a quarterly distribution of a percentage of the Company s
room revenues to participating condominium owners ( Participants ), as defined in the agreement (see Note 1 of the
Rental Pool Lease Operation financial statements). Because the Rental Pool participants share in a percentage of the room revenues,
the condominium units allowing Rental Pool participation are deemed to be securities. However, there is no market for such securities
other than the normal real estate market. Since the security is real estate, no dividends have been paid or will be paid. 

The Company is a single-member limited liability company, wholly
owned by Salamander Farms, LLC. There is no established market for the Member s interest. 

INNISBROOK RENTAL POOL LEASE OPERATION 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

DISTRIBUTION FUND 

MAINTENANCE ESCROW FUND 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

INNISBROOK RENTAL POOL LEASE OPERATION 

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 DISTRIBUTION FUND 

 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

INNISBROOK RENTAL POOL LEASE OPERATION 

   CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN PARTICIPANTS' FUND BALANCES 

DISTRIBUTION FUND 

 (unaudited) 

MAINTENANCE ESCROW FUND 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

INNISBROOK RENTAL POOL LEASE OPERATION 

   NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (Unaudited) 

1. Rental Pool Lease Operation 

Basis of Accounting  

The Rental Pool funds are accounted for using the accrual method
of accounting. 

Organization and Operations  

Salamander Innisbrook, LLC (the  Company ,  the
 Resort ,  we ,  us , or  our ) follows accounting policies that require estimates
that are based on assumptions and judgments, which affect revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and disclosure of contingencies
in our financial statements. These estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and various other factors that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. However, actual results may differ from these estimates due to different
conditions. 

The Rental Pool is highly dependent upon the operations of the
resort, and likewise, the resort is also dependent upon the continued participation of condominium owners in the Rental Pool. Additionally,
the Rental Pool and Resort are both impacted by the general economic conditions related to the destination resort industry. 

The Rental Pool consists of condominiums at the
Resort which are leased by the Company from their owners and used as hotel accommodations for the resort. The Master Lease
Agreement ( MLA ) provides that on an annual basis each owner (the  Participant ) may elect to
participate in the Rental Pool for the following year by signing an Annual Lease Agreement ( ALA ). Any
condominium unit owner who does not sign the ALA is not permitted to participate in the Rental Pool for the following year.
Under the MLA,  the Participants are entitled to a quarterly distribution equal to 40% of the Adjusted Gross
Revenues on the first $10 million of Adjusted Gross Revenues; 45% between $10 million and $11 million and 50% above $11
million. Adjusted Gross Revenues are primarily defined as Gross Revenues less agent s commissions, audit fees,
occupancy fees (when the unit is used for Rental Pool Comps or as a model), linen replacements and credit card fees. Each
Participant receives a fixed occupancy fee, based upon apartment size, for each day the unit is occupied. After allocation of
occupancy fees and the payment of general Rental Pool expenses, the balance is allocated proportionally to the Participants,
based on the Participation Factor as defined in the Agreement. Additionally, occupancy fees are paid by the Company to
Participants as rental fees for complimentary rooms unrelated to the Rental Pool operations. Associate room fees are also
paid by the Resort to Participants for total room revenues earned from the rental of condominiums by Company employees. 

The Lessors  Advisory Committee ( LAC ) consists
of nine Participants who are elected by the Participants to advise the Company of Rental Pool Matters and to negotiate amendments
to the ALA and MLA. 

The Rental Pool consists of the Distribution Fund and the Maintenance
Escrow Fund. The Distribution Fund s balance sheet primarily reflects amounts receivable from the Company for the Rental
Pool distribution payable to Participants and amounts due to Participants for such distribution. The operations of the Distribution
Fund reflect Participants  earnings in the Rental Pool. The Maintenance Escrow Fund reflects the accounting for certain escrowed
assets of the Participants and, therefore, has no operations. It consists primarily of amounts escrowed on behalf of Participants
or due from the Distribution Fund to meet minimum escrow requirements, fund the carpet care reserve and maintain the interior of
the units. 

The LAC, subject to the restriction in the MLA, invests the
Maintenance Escrow Fund on behalf of the Participants. Income earned on the investments of the Maintenance Escrow Funds is allocated
proportionately to the respective Maintenance Escrow Fund accounts and paid quarterly through the Distribution Fund. The funds
are generally held in certificates of deposit. 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

General  

We operate Innisbrook Resort and Golf Club (the  Resort 
or the  Company ) in Palm Harbor, Florida, containing 1,216 condominium units; all of which have been sold to third
parties or to affiliates of the Company. 405 of the condominium units are hotel accommodations that participate in a rental-pooling
program (the  Rental Pool ) that provides owners with a percentage distribution of related room revenues minus certain
fees and expenses. The remainders of the condominium units are owner-occupied. Other resort property owned by the Company and its
affiliates include golf courses, restaurants, tennis courts, a spa and fitness center, swimming pools, conference center facilities
and administrative offices. 

Results of Operations  

The Resort is a destination golf resort that appeals to group
and transient guests within all market segments. The Resort provides condominium accommodations, food and beverage dining locations
(three restaurants, room service, banquet and/or catering options) and recreational entertainment to members, business meetings,
group guests, leisure guests and their families. The Resort offers room-only rates, golf packages, and family vacation packages. 

As a destination golf resort, open year round, the Resort s
performance is sensitive to weather conditions and seasonality as well as general trends in the economy, with economic downturns
adversely affecting our operating results. The Company s operations are seasonal with the highest volume of revenue generated
in the first two quarters of each calendar year. Due to the seasonal business of the Company, the results of operations for the
interim periods shown in this report are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for the full fiscal year. 

Results of operations for the three months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited) were as follows: 

For the third quarter 2016, resort revenues increased by
$2,129,000 or 41.4% as compared to the same period last year due to increased occupancy. Room revenues were up $494,000 over
last year of which our Group (normally exceeding 10 rooms per night) segment contributed $309,000. Our F B
operations increased $663,000 or 49.6% over 2015 due to the Group   Golf activity. With the completion of the Copperhead
restoration earlier this year, Golf revenues continue a strong growth exceeding last year same period by $750,000. 

Operating costs and expenses were well managed during the
quarter as a percentage of revenue. Administrative expenses continue higher due to the planned increase in spending in Sales
and Marketing. Other areas in G A such as credit card commissions, relocation and security contract all increased over
the 2015 quarter.  

Results of operations for the nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 (unaudited) were as follows: 

With the strong third quarter results, resort revenues
increased $1,578,262 or 5.3% as compared to year over year. The increase in occupied nights of 3,799 or 6% resulted in
revenue  increases in the Transient segment of $71,278 and Group segment of $152,031. Our Food   Beverage revenues
 increased $95,387. Our golf revenues have increased year over year $839,768 or 13% due to the
re-opening of the Copperhead course. 

Operating costs and expenses were relatively flat year
over year. Our General and Administrative expenses exceeded last year due to planned increases in the Sales and Marketing
area. Depreciation expense reflects a modest increase primarily because of depreciation of equipment under capital leases
that was placed in service late in 2015, which was partially offset because many of the assets reaching full depreciation. Our
interest expense has decreased 9% from last year due to better cash management. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Future operating costs and planned expenditures for capital
additions and improvements are expected to be adequately funded by cash generated by the Resort s operations and funding
from our sole member or affiliates  current cash reserves. 

The operation of the Resort is not considered to be dependent
on any individual or small group of customers; accordingly the loss of any such individual or group would not have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business or financial condition. 

Critical Accounting Policies  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions and to select accounting policies
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. These accounting policies have been described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, and there have been no material changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements  

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective
date. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
No. 2014-09,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , which requires an entity to recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. ASU No. 2014-09 supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance
in U.S. GAAP, and it permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. In August 2015, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2015-14,  Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which
delayed the effective date of ASU No. 2014-09 by one year. As a result, ASU No. 2014-09 is effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted for annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within those annual periods. In the first six months
of fiscal 2016, the FASB issued guidance clarifying the interpretation of certain principles of ASU No. 2014-09. The Company is
evaluating the effect that this revenue recognition guidance will have on its financial statements and related disclosures. 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016   02,  Leases (Topic 842).   This standard establishes the
principles to report transparent and economically neutral information about the assets and liabilities that arise from leases.
Upon implementation, l essees will need to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet
as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. It will be critical to identify leases embedded in a contract to avoid misstating
the lessee s balance sheet. For income statement purposes, the FASB retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified
as either operating or finance. Classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current
lease accounting, but without explicit bright lines. Lessor accounting is similar to the current model, but updated to align with
certain changes to the lessee model and the new revenue recognition standard. Existing sale-leaseback guidance, including guidance
for real estate, is replaced with a new model applicable to both lessees and lessors.  The new guidance is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018,  including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early  application
is permitted .  We are currently evaluating the impact of   adopting
the new standard, but have not yet determined the impact of adoption on our financial statements. 

Unless
otherwise discussed, management believes that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have
a material impact on the Company s financial statements upon adoption. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures  

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act (defined below)). Based
upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period
covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, including our principal executive officer and
principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures, or our internal controls, will prevent
all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are
resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in
all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, have been detected. However, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all
material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

In addition, our management with the participation of our Principal
Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, have determined that no change in our internal control over financial reporting
occurred during or subsequent to the quarter ended September 30, 2016, that has materially affected, or is (as that term is defined
in Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

PART II   OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

In the normal course of our operations, we are
periodically subject to claims and lawsuits.  

On January 16, 2015, we entered into a settlement agreement
and release with our former insurance carrier whereby the parties mutually released and resolved all disputes relating to certain
arbitration. We agreed to provide a credit to be used over a three-year period that commenced on March 1, 2015. The credit is divided
equally among the three-year period with no rollover of unused amounts from one year to another. At September 30, 2016, our remaining
liability under this arrangement is approximately $202,000. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not required 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other information 

Not applicable 

Item 6. Exhibits 

(a). Exhibits 

* This exhibit shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of
Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed
incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before
or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC 
           
         (Registrant)  

Date:   November
    14,  2016 
      /s/   
      Prem Devedas  

Prem Devedas  

Manager (Chief Executive
Officer)  

Date:   November 14, 2016  
      /s/   
      Dale Pelletier  

Dale Pelletier  

Chief Financial Officer 
         (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v452449_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

  (CHAPTER 98, TITLE 15 U.S.C. SS. 7241)

I, Prem Devedas, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Salamander Innisbrook, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and we have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Executive Committee: 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date:  November 14, 2016   

/s/   
      Prem Devadas  

Prem Devadas, Chief Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v452449_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2   

  CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

SALAMANDER INNISBROOK, LLC  

  PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

   (CHAPTER
98, TITLE 15 U.S.C. SS. 7241  ) 

I, Dale Pelletier certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Salamander Innisbrook, LLC; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) and we have: 

a) designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this
report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Executive Committee; 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls
over financial reporting. 

Date:    November 14, 2016   

/s/   
      Dale Pelletier   

Dale Pelletier,  Chief Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v452449_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1  

  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Salamander Innisbrook, LLC (the  Company ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information
contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:    November 14, 2016   

/s/   
      Prem Devadas  

Prem Devadas, Chief Executive Officer   

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has
been provided to Salamander Innisbrook, LLC and will be retained by Salamander Innisbrook, LLC and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v452449_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2   

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO   

  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002   

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned hereby certifies that the Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 of Salamander Innisbrook, LLC (the  Company ) fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information
contained in such Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:  November 14, 2016   

/s/   
      Dale Pelletier   

Dale Pelletier , Chief Financial Officer   

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the
signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has
been provided to Salamander Innisbrook, LLC and will be retained by Salamander Innisbrook, LLC and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 cik0001418372-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cik0001418372-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cik0001418372-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cik0001418372-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cik0001418372-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cik0001418372-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

