<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_1626899_0001213900-16-018153_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>585034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80731</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>430743</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>56</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-018153.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109165828
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-018153
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Parkview Capital Credit, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001626899
		IRS NUMBER:				472441958
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01140
		FILM NUMBER:		161984982

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10106 MEADOW LAKE LANE
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7135404545

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10106 MEADOW LAKE LANE
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77042

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-018153.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 f10q0916_parkviewcapital.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES   

   SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM
10-Q   

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

For
the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   

Commission
File Number: 000-55411   

Parkview
Capital Credit, Inc.   

  (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)  

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code): (713) 622-5000  

Securities
to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   

None  

Securities
to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   

Common
Stock, par value $0.01 per share  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes        No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).     Yes        No  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of   large accelerated filer ,  accelerated filer  and
  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer   
         
      Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated
    filer  
         
      Smaller reporting company  

(Do
not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes        No  

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: There
were 3,800,010 issued and outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, $.01 par value per share, on November 9, 2016.  

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC. FORM 10Q   

   QUARTER
ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   

Table
of Contents   

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS   

   (Unaudited)   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS   

   (Unaudited)   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   

   (Unaudited)   

   (in
thousands)   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS   

   (Unaudited)   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)    

September
30, 2016    

(a)  
      With the exception of the Company s investment
in Langham Creek LLC, all of the Company s investments are issued by eligible U.S. portfolio companies, as defined in the
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). Under the 1940 Act, the Company would be deemed to  control 
a portfolio company if the Company owned more than 25% of its outstanding voting securities and/or held the power to exercise
control over the management or policies of the portfolio company. The Company would be deemed an  affiliated person 
of a portfolio company if the Company owned 5% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. As of September
30, 2016, the Company does not  control  any of its portfolio companies. The Company is an  affiliated person 
of Langham Creek LLC by virtue of its ownership of voting securities of Langham Creek LLC.   

(b)  
      The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate
that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR  or  L ) or Prime ( P ),
which reset monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR and the current contractual
interest rate in effect at September 30, 2016. Certain investments are subject to a LIBOR interest rate floor.   

(c)  
      The fair value of these investments is determined in
good faith by or under the guidance of the Company s board of directors pursuant to the Company's valuation policies.   

(d)  
      Direct origination.   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   CONDENSED
SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)   

December
31, 2015   

(a)  
      With the exception of the Company s investments
in WBL SPE I, LLC and Langham Creek LLC, all of the Company s investments are issued by eligible U.S. portfolio companies,
as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the  1940 Act ). Under the 1940 Act, the Company would be deemed
to  control  a portfolio company if the Company owned more than 25% of its outstanding voting securities and/or held
the power to exercise control over the management or policies of the portfolio company. The Company would be deemed an  affiliated
person  of a portfolio company if the Company owned 5% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities.
As of December 31, 2015, the Company does not  control  any of its portfolio companies. The Company is an  affiliated
person  of Langham Creek LLC by virtue of its ownership of voting securities of Langham Creek LLC.   

(b)  
      The majority of the investments bear interest at a rate
that may be determined by reference to London Interbank Offered Rate ( LIBOR  or  L ) or Prime ( P )
which generally reset monthly, quarterly, or semiannually. For each, the Company has provided the spread over LIBOR and the current
contractual interest rate in effect at December 31, 2015. Certain investments are subject to a LIBOR interest rate floor.   

(c)  
      The fair value of the Company s investments was
determined in good faith by or under the guidance of the Company s board of directors pursuant to the Company's valuation
policies.   

(d)  
      Direct origination.   

See
Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements   

PARKVIEW
CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

   NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   

   (in
thousands, except share and per share information)   

NOTE
A   ORGANIZATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION   

Parkview
Capital Credit, Inc. (the  Company ), was legally formed on November 25, 2014 ( Inception ) as a Maryland
corporation and commenced its principal operations on April 24, 2015, commensurate with the raising of $20,000 through the sale
of 2,000,000 shares of its common stock. The Company is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment
company that elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of
1940, as amended (the  1940 Act ) on February 12, 2016, and intends to elect to be treated for federal income tax
purposes as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the  Code ).  

The
Company is an investment company that follows the specialized accounting and reporting guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB ) Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) Topic 946  Financial Services Investment
Companies.   

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on the accrual basis of accounting in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles ( GAAP ). Additionally, the accompanying unaudited financial statements of the Company and related
financial information as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 have been prepared pursuant to
the requirements for reporting in Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, certain disclosures accompanying annual financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP are omitted. In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial results included
herein contain all adjustments, consisting solely of normal recurring accruals, considered necessary for the fair presentation
of financial statements for the period included herein. The current period s results of operations will not necessarily
be indicative of results that ultimately may be achieved for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016.  

NOTE
B   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Use
of Estimates : The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates.  

Cash
and Cash Equivalents : The Company considers all highly liquid financial instruments with a maturity of three months or less
at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents.  

Organizational
Expenses : Fees associated with the organization of the Company have been expensed as incurred. These fees consist primarily
of legal fees.  

Income
Taxes :   The Company has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. As a BDC, the Company also intends to elect
to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, the Company generally will not be required to pay corporate level
federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes to its stockholders as dividends. To qualify
as a RIC, the Company must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition,
to qualify for RIC tax treatment, the Company must distribute to its stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of its
 investment company taxable income  for that year, which is generally its ordinary income plus the excess of its realized
net short-term capital gains over its realized net long-term capital losses. As a result, any tax liability related to income
earned and distributed by the Company represents obligations of the Company s common stockholders and will not be reflected
in the financial statements of the Company for the years in which it qualifies as a RIC.  

Although
the Company may not be subject to federal income taxes as a RIC, it may choose to retain a portion of its calendar year income.
If so, the Company may be subject to a 4% excise tax on the amount retained. No excise taxes were accrued for the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016.  

Prior
to 2016, the Company did not qualify as a RIC and was taxed as a C corporation ( C-Corp ) for both 2014 and 2015.
Because the Company did not elect to be regulated as a BDC until February 12, 2016, the Company will not qualify as a RIC for
calendar year 2016. In order to be able to make such election, the Company changed its tax year to June 30. The Company will file
as a C-Corp for the six month period ended June 30, 2016 and then elect RIC status for the tax year ended June 30, 2017 and thereafter.  

The
Company has recorded a tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The total provision for income taxes is as
follows:  

The
recording of the provision for income taxes reduced the Company s net asset value ( NAV ) per share by $0.02.  

There
is no evidence to record a deferred tax asset on a more likely than not basis due to the limited operating history of the Company.  

In
order to qualify as a RIC, the Company must distribute before the end of its first qualifying tax year all earnings and profits
accumulated in prior non-RIC tax years. There were no earnings and profits prior to 2016. The Company has approximately $200 of
accumulated earnings and profits through the period ended June 30, 2016. Built-in gains by a C-Corp electing to be a RIC may be
subject to tax if realized during the first five years of RIC status. The Company had net unrealized built-in gains on two investments
in its portfolio at June 30, 2016 but did not have an aggregate net unrealized built-in gain as of that date.  

The
Company evaluates tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing its financial statements to determine
whether the tax positions are  more-likely-than-not  to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions
not deemed to meet the  more-likely-than-not  threshold are reversed and recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the
current year. All penalties and interest associated with income taxes are included in income tax expense. Conclusions regarding
tax positions are subject to review and may be adjusted at a later date based on factors including, but not limited to, on-going
analyses of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. All tax years are open for examination.  

Revenue
Recognition : Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts, is recorded on an accrual
basis. Discounts or premiums are accreted or amortized, respectively, using the effective interest method as interest income.
Dividend income is recognized on an accrual basis to the extent that the Company expects to collect such amount. Loan origination
fees, original issue discount and market discount are capitalized and amortized as interest income over the respective term of
the loan. The Company records prepayment premiums on loans and securities as fee income when it receives such amounts.  

The
Company has loans and preferred securities in its portfolio that contain payment-in-kind ( PIK ) provisions. PIK represents
interest or dividends that are accrued and recorded as interest or dividend income at the contractual rates, increases the loan
or preferred equity principal on the respective capitalization dates, and is generally due at maturity. For the three and nine
months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recognized PIK income of $364 and $542, respectively. The Company did not recognize
PIK income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Realized
gains or losses on investments are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized
cost basis of investment, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. The Company reports changes in fair
value of investments that are measured at fair value as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
on investments in the statements of operations.  

Earnings
per Share : Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing earnings available to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the period. Other potentially dilutive shares of common stock, and the related impact to earnings,
are considered when calculating earnings per share on a diluted basis.  

Investments :
Investment transactions are accounted for on a trade-date basis. The Company considers trade date for investments not traded on
a recognizable exchange, or traded in the over-the-counter markets, to be the date on which the Company receives legal or contractual
title to the asset and bears the risk of loss.  

Investments
in senior loans generate a fixed spread over floating base rates such as LIBOR or the U.S. Prime Rate. These floating base rates
generally reset either monthly, quarterly or semi-annually.  

Valuation
of Portfolio Securities : The Company determines the net asset value per share of its common stock quarterly. The net asset
value per share equals the value of the Company s total assets minus liabilities and any preferred stock outstanding divided
by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding. The Company s investments are valued at the end of each fiscal
quarter.  

Substantially
all of the Company s investments are expected to be in loans that do not have readily ascertainable market prices. Investments
for which market quotations are readily available are valued at such market quotations, which are generally obtained from an independent
pricing service or multiple broker-dealers or market makers. In order to assist the Company s board of directors (the  Board )
in determining the fair value of assets that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, Parkview
Advisors, LLC (the  Advisor ) provides the Board with portfolio company valuations, which are based on relevant inputs,
which may include but are not limited to, indicative dealer quotes, values of like securities, recent portfolio company financial
statements and forecasts, and valuations prepared by third party valuation services. The Board has retained an independent valuation
specialist to assist it by performing certain limited third-party valuation services. In connection with each valuation determination,
investment professionals from the Advisor prepare portfolio company valuations using sources and/or proprietary models depending
on the availability of information on the Company s assets and the type of asset being valued, all in accordance with the
Company s valuation policy. The participation of the Advisor in the valuation process could result in a conflict of interest,
since the base management fee is based on the Company s gross assets.  

Valuation
of fixed income investments, such as loans and debt securities, depends upon a number of factors, including prevailing interest
rates for like securities, expected volatility in future interest rates, call features, put features and other relevant terms
of the debt. For investments without readily available market prices, the Company may incorporate these factors into discounted
cash flow models to arrive at fair value. Other factors that may be considered include the borrower s ability to adequately
service its debt, the fair market value of the borrower in relation to the face amount of its outstanding debt and the quality
of collateral securing its debt investments.  

The
Company s equity interests in portfolio companies for which there is no liquid public market are valued at fair value. The
Board, in its determination of fair value, may consider various factors, such as multiples of EBITDA, cash flows, net income,
revenues or, in limited instances, book value or liquidation value. All of these factors may be subject to adjustments based upon
the particular circumstances of a portfolio company or the actual investment position. For example, adjustments to EBITDA may
take into account compensation to previous owners or acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring or other related items.  

The
Advisor s management team, any approved independent third-party valuation specialist and the Board may also consider private
merger and acquisition statistics, public trading multiples discounted for illiquidity and other factors, valuations implied by
third-party investments in the portfolio companies or industry practices in determining fair value. The Advisor s management
team, any approved independent third-party valuation specialist and the Board may also consider the size and scope of a portfolio
company and its specific strengths and weaknesses, and may apply discounts or premiums, where and as appropriate, due to the higher
(or lower) financial risk and/or the smaller size of portfolio companies relative to comparable firms, as well as such other factors
as the Board, in consultation with the Advisor s management team and any approved independent third-party valuation specialist
may consider relevant in assessing fair value. Generally, the value of the equity interests in public companies for which market
quotations are readily available will be based upon the most recent closing public market price. Portfolio securities that carry
certain restrictions on sale are typically valued at a discount from the public market value of the security.  

When
the Company receives warrants or other equity securities at nominal or no additional cost in connection with an investment in
a debt security, the cost basis in the investment will be allocated between the debt securities and any such warrants or other
equity securities received at the time of origination. The Board subsequently values these warrants or other equity securities
received at their fair value.  

The
Company periodically benchmarks the bid and ask prices received from the third-party pricing services and/or dealers, as applicable,
against the actual prices at which it purchases and sells investments. Based on the results of the benchmark analysis and the
experience of management in purchasing and selling these investments, the Company believes that these prices are reliable indicators
of fair value. However, because of the private nature of this marketplace (meaning actual transactions are not publicly reported),
the Company believes that these valuation inputs are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. The Company also uses
an independent valuation firm to assist the Board in determining fair value for securities for which it cannot obtain prevailing
bid and ask prices through third-party pricing services or independent dealers, or where the Board otherwise determines that the
use of such other methods is appropriate. The Company periodically benchmarks the valuations provided by the independent valuation
firm against the actual prices at which the Company purchases and sells investments. The audit committee and Board review and
approve the valuation determinations made with respect to these investments in a manner consistent with the Company s valuation
policy.  

Due
to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the
fair value of the investment portfolio may differ from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value
existed for such investments, and the differences could be material.  

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments : The carrying amounts of certain of the Company s financial instruments, including cash,
receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate fair value due to their short-term nature.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements : In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01,  Financial Instruments   Overall (Subtopic
825-10), Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities,  which addresses certain aspects of
recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of financial instruments. ASU 2016-01 will be effective for annual periods
and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and early adoption is not permitted. The Company
is currently evaluating the impact this standard will have on its financial statements.  

In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15,  Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments,  which clarifies how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement
of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 will be effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017,
and interim periods within those fiscal years and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
this standard will have on its financial statements.  

Reclassifications :
Prior period financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation.  

NOTE
C   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   

Advisory
Agreement   

On
March 11, 2015, the Company entered into an investment advisory agreement with the Advisor for management services (the  Investment
Advisory Agreement ). The Investment Advisory Agreement was approved by the Board, including a majority of the directors
who are not  interested persons  of the Company and the Advisor as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, at
an in person meeting of the Board held in August 2015. The Advisor is owned by SKW Financial, LLC, an entity controlled by the
Company s Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Advisor provides credit analysis,
structuring capability and transactional experience. The fees associated with the Investment Advisory Agreement consist of a base
management fee and incentive fees.  

The
management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 2.00% of the end-of-period gross assets payable monthly in arrears. For purposes
of calculating the management fee, the term  gross assets  includes any assets acquired with the proceeds of leverage.
As a result, the Advisor will benefit when the Company incurs debt or uses leverage. For each of the first two months of operations,
the management fee was calculated based on the value of the Company s gross assets at the end of such month, and appropriately
adjusted for any share issuances during these months. Following the Company s first two months of operations, the Investment
Advisory Agreement provides that the management fee is calculated based on the average value of gross assets at the end of the
two most recently completed months. The Company has clarified its management fee calculation so that the management fee is calculated
by averaging the value of the Company s gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed quarters, and appropriately
adjusting for any share issuances occurring during any month of the current quarter. Management fees for any partial month are
appropriately prorated. In order to meet the diversification tests required to qualify as a RIC, the Company, on June 28, 2016
and March 31, 2016, acquired $10,000 and $12,500, respectively, in face value of short-term U.S. Treasury Bills. There were no
U.S. Treasury Bills acquired during the three months ended September 30, 2016. These transactions had the effect of increasing
management fees payable to the Advisor, all of which were waived by the Advisor. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016, the Company incurred management fees of $203 and $583, respectively, net of the fee waiver of $25 and $112, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred management fees of $126 and $147, respectively.  

The
incentive fee is divided into two parts: (i) an incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains.  

The
incentive fee on income is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based upon the Company s  pre-incentive fee
net investment income  for the immediately preceding quarter. The incentive fee on income is subject to a hurdle rate, measured
quarterly and expressed as a rate of return on adjusted capital at the beginning of the most recently completed calendar quarter,
of 1.75% (7.0% annualized), subject to a  catch up  feature. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015, the Company did not accrue any incentive fees on income.  

The
incentive fee on capital gains is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of
the Advisory Agreement). This fee will equal 20% of realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, calculated as
of the end of the applicable period, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative
basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not accrue any incentive fees on capital gains.  

During
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reimbursed the Advisor $33 and $32, respectively, for administrative
services performed on its behalf. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company reimbursed the Advisor
$79 and $59, respectively, for administrative services performed on its behalf. The Company has accrued an additional $8 as of
September 30, 2016 for amounts owed by the Company to third party providers of services paid by the Advisor on the Company s
behalf and reimbursements for company-related travel.  

Administration
Agreement   

On
March 11, 2015, the Company entered into an administration agreement with Parkview Administrator, LLC (the  Administrator ),
under which the Administrator will provide administrative services to the Company (the  Administration Agreement ).
These services include providing office space, providing equipment and office services, maintaining financial records, preparing
reports to the Company s stockholders and reports filed with the SEC and managing the payment of the Company s expenses
and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. The Company will reimburse the Administrator
for all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator in providing these services, facilities and personnel, as
provided by the Administration Agreement.  

License
Agreement   

On
March 11, 2015, the Company entered into a license agreement (the  License Agreement ) with the Advisor, pursuant
to which the Company was granted a non-exclusive license to use the name  Parkview.  Under the License Agreement,
the Company has a right to use the  Parkview  name and logo, as long as the Advisor or one of its affiliates remains
the Company s investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company has no legal right to the
 Parkview  name or logo.  

Other
Related Party Matters   

On
May 21, 2015, the SEC filed an Order Instituting Proceedings alleging violations of federal securities laws against the Company s
former Chairman, Mr. Laurence O. Gray, and Gray Financial Group, Inc., an entity controlled by Mr. Gray that manages GrayCo Alternative
Partners II, LP, the Company s largest stockholder. As a result of such order, Mr. Gray resigned from the Board and as Chairman
of the Board on May 28, 2015. Additionally, Mr. Gray s ownership in the Advisor, held through Gray   Company, was transferred
back to the Advisor on May 28, 2015, leaving SKW Financial, LLC as the sole owner of the Advisor. Mr. Gray s resignation
was not the result of any matter related to the Company's operations, policies and/or practices. There is uncertainty about what
impact the order against Mr. Gray may have on the Company, if any; however, management of the Company does not believe Mr. Gray's
resignation or the order will have a material effect on the Company s liquidity, financial condition or operations.  

NOTE
D   INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO   

The
table below describes investments by industry classification and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio
assets in such strategies:  

The
following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of the investment portfolio as of September 30, 2016:  

The
following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of the investment portfolio as of December 31, 2015:  

(1)  
      Amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted
for the amortization of premiums and/or accretion of discounts, as applicable, on investments.   

NOTE
E   FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS   

Fair
value is defined as the price that the Company would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment. Accounting guidance emphasizes
that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer
broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk.
Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would
use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable
inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based
on the best information available in the circumstances. The valuation hierarchical levels are based upon the transparency of the
inputs to the valuation of the investment as of the measurement date. The three levels are defined as follows:  

Level
1   Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.  

Level
2   Valuations based on inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly
or indirectly observable at the measurement date. This category includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in non-active markets including actionable bids from third
parties for privately held assets or liabilities, and observable inputs other than quoted prices such as yield curves and forward
currency rates that are entered directly into valuation models to determine the value of derivatives or other assets or liabilities.  

Level
3   Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and where there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement
date.  

The
inputs for the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation and are based upon management s
assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities. These investments include
debt and equity investments in private companies or assets valued using the market or income approach and may involve pricing
models whose inputs require significant judgment or estimation because of the absence of any meaningful current market data for
identical or similar investments. The inputs in these valuations may include, but are not limited to, capitalization and discount
rates, beta and EBITDA multiples. The information may also include pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer
that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or
quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level 3 information, assuming no additional corroborating evidence.  

Pricing
inputs and weightings applied to determine value require subjective determination. Accordingly, valuations do not necessarily
represent the amounts that may eventually be realized from sales or other dispositions of investments.  

A
financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant
to the fair value measurement.  

The
following table presents the fair value measurements of the investment portfolio, by major class according to the fair value hierarchy,
as of September 30, 2016:  

The
following table presents the fair value measurements of the investment portfolio, by major class according to the fair value hierarchy,
as of December 31, 2015:  

The
following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for total investments that use Level 3 inputs for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company did not have any transfers between levels.  

The
following table presents the quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements of the investment portfolio, as of
September 30, 2016:  

NOTE
F   FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS   

The
following is a schedule of financial highlights of the Company for the nine months ended September 30:  

(a)  
      Per
    share information for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 calculated using common stock outstanding at September
    30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.   
 
      (b)  
      The
    total return for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was calculated by taking the net income of the Company for the period
    divided by the average net assets during the period. The total return for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was calculated
    by taking the net loss of the Company for the period divided by the common stock issued during the period.   
 
      (c)  
      The
    financial information has not been annualized in computing ratios and may not be indicative of full year results.   
 
      (d)  
      In
    order to meet the diversification tests required to qualify as a RIC, the Company, on June 28, 2016 and March 31, 2016, acquired
    $10,000 and $12,500, respectively, in face value of short-term U.S. Treasury Bills. These transactions had the effect of increasing
    management fees payable to the Advisor, all of which were waived by the Advisor. The effect of the management fee waiver is
    0.3% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. There was no fee waiver during the nine months ended September 30, 2015.   

NOTE
G   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS   

Management
performed an evaluation of the Company s activity through the date the financial statements were issued and has determined
that there have been no events that have occurred that would require adjustments to the Company s disclosures in the financial
statements.  

Item 2. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

Forward
Looking Statements   

This
report contains forward looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward looking statements
are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about us, our portfolio investments,
our industry, our beliefs, and our assumptions. Words such as  anticipates,   expects,   intends, 
 plans,   believes,   seeks,   estimates,   would,   should, 
 targets,   projects,  and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict, that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward looking statements including, without limitation:  

An
    economic downturn could impair our portfolio companies  ability to continue to operate, which could lead to the loss
    of some or all of our investments in such portfolio companies    

interest
    rate volatility could adversely affect our results, particularly if we elect to use leverage as part of our investment strategy    

our
    future operating results    

our
    business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies    

our
    contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties    

the
    ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives    

competition
    with other entities for investment opportunities    

the
    speculative and illiquid nature of our investments    

the
    adequacy of our financing sources and working capital    

the
    costs associated with being a public entity    

the
    loss of key personnel    

the
    timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies    

the
    ability of our Advisor to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments    

our
    ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals that can provide services to our Advisor    

our
    ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a regulated investment company, or  RIC,  under Subchapter
    M of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the  Code,  and as a business development company,
    or  BDC , and   

the
    effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes.   

Although
we believe that the assumptions on which these forward looking statements are based are reasonable, some of those assumptions
are based on the work of third parties and any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate  as a result, the forward
looking statements based on those assumptions also could prove to be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the
inclusion of a projection or forward looking statement in this report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our
plans and objectives will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on these forward looking statements, which apply only
as of the date of this report. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements or any other
information contained herein, except as required by applicable law. The safe harbor provisions of Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, which preclude civil liability for certain forward looking statements are not applicable
to us since we are a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 1940 Act.  

Overview    

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland on November 25, 2014. We filed an election to be regulated as a BDC
under the 1940 Act, and intend to elect to be treated as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. As such, we are required to comply
with various regulatory requirements, such as the requirement to invest at least 70% of our assets in  qualifying assets, 
source of income limitations, asset diversification requirements, and the requirement to distribute annually at least 90% of our
taxable income and tax-exempt interest.  

All
amounts presented are in thousands, except share and per share data.  

Revenues    

We
generate revenues in the form of interest income from the debt securities we hold and dividends and capital appreciation on either
direct equity investments or equity interests obtained in connection with originating loans, such as options, warrants or conversion
rights. We expect most of the debt securities we will hold will be floating rate in nature. The debt we invest in will typically
not be rated by any rating agency, but if it were, it is likely that such debt would be below investment grade. We intend to structure
our debt investments with interest payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually, but we may structure certain investments with
terms to provide for longer interest payment periods or to allow interest to be paid by adding amounts due to the principal balance
of the loan, resulting in deferred cash receipts. In addition, we may also generate revenue in the form of commitment, loan origination,
structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, and possibly consulting fees.
Certain of these fees may be capitalized and amortized as additional interest income over the life of the related loan.  

Expenses    

We
anticipate that all investment professionals and staff of our Advisor, Parkview Advisors, LLC, or the Advisor, when and to the
extent engaged in providing us investment advisory and management services, and the base compensation, bonus and benefits, and
the routine overhead expenses, of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by our Advisor.  

We
bear all other costs and expenses of our operations, administration and transactions, including, but not limited to, those relating
to:  

organization
    expenses    

calculating
    our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firms)    

expenses,
    including travel expense, incurred by our Advisor, its investment professionals, or payable to third parties, performing due
    diligence on prospective portfolio companies    

the
    costs of the offerings of common shares and other securities, if any    

the
    base management fee and any incentive fee    

certain
    costs and expenses relating to distributions paid on our shares    

administration
    reimbursements payable under the administration agreement, or the Administration Agreement, with Parkview Administrator, LLC,
    or the Administrator    

debt
    service and other costs of borrowings or other financing arrangements    

the
    allocated costs incurred by our Advisor or the Administrator in providing managerial assistance to those portfolio companies
    that request it    

amounts
    payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making or holding investments    

transfer
    agent and custodial fees    

costs
    of hedging    

commissions
    and other compensation payable to brokers or dealers    

federal,
    state and local taxes    

independent
    director fees and expenses    

costs
    of preparing financial statements and maintaining books and records and filing reports or other documents with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, (or other regulatory bodies) and other reporting and compliance costs, including registration
    and listing fees, and the compensation of professionals responsible for the preparation of the foregoing    

the
    costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to our stockholders (including printing and mailing costs), the costs
    of any stockholders  meetings and the compensation of investor relations personnel responsible for the preparation of
    the foregoing and related matters    

our
    fidelity bond    

directors
    and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums    

indemnification
    payments    

direct
    costs and expenses of administration, including audit and legal costs  and   

all
    other expenses reasonably incurred by us in connection with making investments and administering our business.   

From
time to time, our Advisor may pay amounts owed by us to third-party providers of goods or services. We will subsequently reimburse
our Advisor for such amounts paid on our behalf. Other than with respect to our initial organization and operating costs, as described
above, there is no contractual cap on the reasonable costs and expenses for which our Advisor will be reimbursed. In addition,
we will reimburse the Advisor for the allocable portion of the compensation paid by the Advisor (or its affiliates) to our chief
compliance officer and chief financial officer (based on the percentage of time such individuals devote, on an estimated basis,
to our business and affairs). All of these expenses will ultimately be borne by our stockholders.  

Portfolio
and Investment Activity    

We
commenced operations on April 24, 2015 and made our first investment on April 30, 2015. The fair value of our investments was
approximately $24,858 and $25,500 in 9 and 8 portfolio companies as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively.
Our investment activity for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 is as follows (information presented herein is at amortized
cost unless otherwise indicated):  

Refer
to   Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements   Note D   of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for a summary of the composition of our portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of September 30, 2016 and December
31, 2015.  

As
of September 30, 2016, the investments in our portfolio were purchased at a weighted average price of 99.7% of par value, and
the weighted average yields, based on the amortized cost and fair value of our portfolio as of September 30, 2016, were 11.39%
and 11.37%, respectively.  

Direct
Origination    

We
intend to leverage our Advisor s industry relationships to directly source investment opportunities. Such investments are
originated or structured for us or made by us and are not generally available to the broader market. These investments may include
both debt and equity components. We believe directly originated investments may offer higher returns and more favorable protections
than broadly syndicated transactions. The following tables present certain selected information regarding the direct originations
entered into during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:  

Average New Direct Origination Commitment Amount    
     $  3,675     
 
     Weighted Average Maturity for New Direct Originations    
          2.6 years      
 
     Gross Portfolio Yield (based on amortized cost) of New Direct Originations Funded during Period    
        14.0%    

Portfolio
Composition by Strategy and Industry    

Although
our primary focus is to invest in directly originated transactions, in certain circumstances we will also invest in the broadly
syndicated loan and high yield markets. Broadly syndicated loans and bonds are generally more liquid than our directly originated
investments and provide a complement to our less liquid strategies.  

The
table below summarizes the composition of our investment portfolio by strategy and enumerates the percentage, by fair value, of
the total portfolio assets in such strategies:  

Refer
to   Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements   Note D   of this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q for a description of investments by industry classification and the percentage, by fair value, of the total portfolio
assets in such strategies.  

Portfolio
Asset Quality    

In
addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, the Advisor uses an investment rating system to characterize and monitor
the expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. The Advisor uses an investment rating scale of 1 to 5. The
following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating:  

Investment   
           Rating    
         
       Summary
    Description    
 
      1  
         
      Investment
    exceeding expectations and/or capital gain expected.   
 
      2  
         
      Performing
    investment generally executing in accordance with the portfolio company s business plan full return of principal
    and interest expected. Each investment is initially rated 2.   
 
      3  
         
      Performing
    investment requiring closer monitoring.   
 
      4  
         
      Underperforming
    investment some loss of interest or dividend possible, but still expecting a positive return on investment.   
 
      5  
         
      Underperforming
    investment with expected loss of interest and some principal.   

The
following table shows the distribution of our investments on the 1 to 5 investment rating scale at fair value as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

The
amount of the portfolio in each grading category may vary substantially from period to period resulting primarily from changes
in the composition of the portfolio as a result of new investment, repayment and exit activities. In addition, changes in the
grade of investments may be made to reflect our expectation of performance and changes in investment values.  

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements    

Refer
to   Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements - Note B   of this quarterly report on Form
10-Q for a description of recent accounting pronouncements.  

Results
of Operations    

We
commenced our principal operations on April 24, 2015, commensurate with the raising of $20,000 through a sale of 2,000,000 shares
of common stock. Prior to April 24, 2015, we solely incurred expenses associated with organizational activities.  

Three
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015     

Investment
Income   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, total investment income totaled $1,010 and $304 respectively, of which $915
and 304, respectively, was attributable to portfolio interest earned on our first and second lien senior secured loans, $67 and
$0, respectively, was attributable to dividend income earned and $28 and $0, respectively, was attributable to amortization of
loan origination fees received. The increase in investment income was due to the increase in the size of our portfolio.  

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $364 and $0 of our total investment income constituted PIK interest. As of
September 30, 2016, three of our investments paid all or a portion of their interest payments in the form of PIK interest, including
our position in Action Resources, which was restructured so that the entire position is payable in PIK interest. As of September
30, 2015, none of our investments paid PIK interest.   

Operating
Expenses   

Total
operating expenses were $563 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, and consisted of base management fees of $228 (less
a fee waiver of $25) professional fees of $196 and other general and administrative fees of $164. Total operating expenses were
$426 for the three months ended September 30, 2015, and consisted of base management fees of $126, professional fees of $195 and
other general and administrative fees of $105. We did not incur any incentive fees for the three months ended September 30, 2016
and 2015. The increase in operating expenses was driven by an increase in our portfolio as we executed our business model. Our
operating expenses were 1.48% and 2.00% of our average net assets for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
As we continue to execute our strategy, we expect our operating expenses as a percentage of our average net assets to decrease.  

In
order to meet the diversification tests required to qualify as a RIC, we acquired $10,000 in face value of short-term U.S. Treasury
Bills on June 28, 2016. This transactions had the effect of increasing management fees payable to the Advisor in an amount of
$25 for the three months ended September 30, 2016, all of which was waived by the Advisor. Professional fees include legal, audit,
compliance, valuation, technology and other professional fees incurred related to our management. Other general and administrative
expenses include custody, printer fees, research, subscriptions and other costs.  

Net
Investment Income (Loss)   

Our
net investment income totaled $447, which is equal to $0.12 per share calculated using weighted average shares outstanding for
the three months ended September 30, 2016. Our net investment loss totaled $122 for the three months ended September 30, 2015,
which is equal to ($0.06) per share calculated using weighted average shares outstanding for the period from April  24,
2015 through September 30, 2015.   

Net
Realized Gain on Investments   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had net realized gain of $13 resulting from the sale of investments in our portfolio.
There was no realized gain or loss for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Net
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments   

Net
change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments reflects the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio.
For the three months ended September 30, 2016, we had net unrealized appreciation on our portfolio of $212 and for the three months
ended September 30, 2015, we had net unrealized depreciation of $6.  

Changes
in Net Assets from Operations   

For
the three months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $672, which is
equal to $0.18 per share calculated using weighted average shares outstanding for the three months ended September 30, 2016. For
the three months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of $128, which is
equal to ($0.06) per share using the weighted average shares outstanding for the period from April 24, 2015 through September
30, 2015.  

Nine
Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015    

Investment
Income   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, total investment income totaled $2,655 and $341, respectively, of which $2,365
and 341, respectively, was attributable to portfolio interest earned on our first and second lien senior secured loans, $200 and
$0, respectively, was attributable to dividend income earned and $90 and $0, respectively, was attributable to amortization of
loan origination fees. The increase in investment income was due to the increase in the size of our portfolio.  

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, $542 and $0 of our total investment income constituted PIK interest. As of
September 30, 2016, three of our investments paid all or a portion of their interest payments in the form of PIK interest, including
our position in Action Resources, which was restructured so that the entire position is payable in PIK interest. As of September
30, 2015, none of our investments paid PIK interest.  

   Operating
Expenses   

Total
operating expenses were $1,802 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, and consisted of base management fees of $695 (less
a fee waiver of $112) professional fees of $587, other general and administrative fees of $548 and provision for taxes of $84.
Total operating expenses were $623 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, and consisted of organizational expenses of $63,
base management fees of $147, professional fees of $286 and other general and administrative fees of $127. We did not incur any
incentive fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015. The increase in operating expenses was driven by an increase
in our portfolio as we executed our business model. Our operating expenses were 4.76% of our average net assets for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016. As we continue to execute our strategy, we expect our operating expenses as a percentage of our average
net assets to decrease.  

In
order to meet the diversification tests required to qualify as a RIC, we acquired $10,000 and $12,500 in face value of short-term
U.S. Treasury Bills on June 28, 2016 and March 31, 2016, respectively. There were no U.S. Treasury Bills acquired during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. These transactions had the effect of increasing management fees payable to the Advisor in an
amount of $112, all of which was waived by the Advisor. Professional fees include legal, audit, compliance, valuation, technology
and other professional fees incurred related to our management. Other general and administrative expenses include custody, printer
fees, research, subscriptions and other costs.  

Net
Investment Income (Loss)   

Our
net investment income totaled $853, which is equal to $0.22 per share calculated using weighted average shares outstanding for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016. Our net investment loss totaled $282 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015, whic h
is equal to ($0.13) per share calculated using weighted average shares outstanding for the period from April 24, 2015 through
September 30, 2015.   

Net
Reali    zed Gain on Investments   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net realized gain of $1 resulting from the sale of investments in our portfolio.
There was no realized gain or loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Net
Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments   

Net
change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments reflects the net change in the fair value of our investment portfolio.
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we had net unrealized appreciation on our portfolio of $105 and for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015, we had net unrealized depreciation of ($159).  

Changes
in Net Assets from Operations   

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded a net increase in net assets resulting from operations of $959, which is
equal to $0.25 per share using weighted average shares outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a net decrease in net assets resulting from operations of $441, which is equal to
($0.21) per share using the weighted average shares outstanding for the period from April 24, 2015 through September 30, 2015.  

Hedging    

We
may, but are not required to, enter into interest rate, foreign exchange or other derivative agreements to hedge interest rate,
currency, credit or other risks, but we do not generally intend to enter into any such derivative agreements for speculative purposes.
Such hedging activities, which will be in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, may include the use of
futures, options and forward contracts. If we enter into hedging transactions, we will bear the costs incurred in connection with
entering into, administering and settling any such derivative contracts. There can be no assurance any hedging strategy we employ
will be successful. As of September 30, 2016, we had not entered into any hedging transactions.  

Financial
Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources    

As
of September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately $16,674. We raise capital through a private offering of our shares in order
to acquire a portfolio of debt and equity investments consistent with our investment objective and strategy. We generate cash
flows from fees, interest and dividends earned from our investments as well as principal repayments and proceeds from sales of
our investments. The increase in cash of $4,316 during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was primarily driven by a pay
down by North Atlantic Trading Company and the repayments of WBL SPE I, LLC, Maxim Crane Works, LP, Generation Brands and Offisol
offset by our investments in Ebony Media and Medifare in May 2016 and JD Power in September 2016.  

Prior
to deploying the capital we raise in our private offering of shares, we intend to invest in cash equivalents, U.S. government
securities, repurchase agreements and high quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment,
consistent with our BDC election and our intent to be taxed as a RIC.  

We
may borrow funds to make investments, to the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional
investment opportunities. We currently do not have access to a credit facility or other forms of borrowing.  

Critical
Accounting Policies    

Our
financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(GAAP), which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the
date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Critical accounting
policies are those that require the application of management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often
because of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent
periods. In preparing the financial statements, management has made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting periods. In preparing the financial statements, management has utilized available information, including our past history,
industry standards and the current economic environment, among other factors, in forming its estimates and judgments, giving due
consideration to materiality. Actual results may differ from these estimates. In addition, other companies may utilize different
estimates, which may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. Refer
to   Part I. Financial Information, Item 1. Financial Statements Note B   of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q
for a description of the summary of significant accounting policies.  

Contractual
Obligations    

We
have entered into an agreement with our Advisor to provide us with investment advisory services and with the Administrator to
provide us with administrative services.  

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements    

We
currently have no off balance sheet arrangements, including risk management of commodity pricing or other hedging practices.  

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.   

We
are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2016, our portfolio consisted
of investments paying variable rates and fixed rates of interest. In addition, in the future we may seek to borrow funds in order
to make additional investments. If we borrow funds to make additional investments, our net investment income will depend, in part,
upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we would
be subject to risks relating to changes in market interest rates. In periods of rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding,
our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income, especially to the extent we hold fixed rate investments.
If deemed prudent, we may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to minimize our exposure to interest rate
fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. Adverse
developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a materially adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.  

A
rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments,
especially to the extent that we hold variable rate investments. Currently 63% of our portfolio pays variable rates of interest.
Accordingly, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed our incentive fee return, as defined
in our Advisory Agreement, and may result in a substantial increase in our net investment income, and also to the amount of incentive
fees payable to our Advisor with respect to our increasing pre-incentive fee net investment income.  

Item
4. Controls and Procedures.   

An
evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) was carried out by us under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer, who serves
as our principal executive officer, and our chief financial officer, who serves as our principal financial officer. Based upon
that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2016, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to ensure (i) that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms, and (ii) that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, in order to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.  

Our
management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013).
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f))
that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.  

PART
II. OTHER INFORMATION   

Item
1. Legal Proceedings.   

Although
we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise,
neither we nor the Advisor is currently a party to any pending material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material
legal proceeding threatened against us or against the Advisor.  

Item
1A. Risk Factors.   

Other
than the risk factors noted below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016.  

We
may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such
income.     

For
U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a
corresponding payment in cash. For example, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 36% and 20% of our total investment
income consisted of PIK interest. Because PIK interest received by us is included in our investment company taxable income for
the tax year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the annual distribution
requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting
the annual distribution requirement necessary to qualify for and maintain RIC tax treatment under Subchapter M of the Code. We
may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise debt or equity capital
or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify
for or maintain RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax.  

PIK
interest payments we receive increases our assets under management and, as a result, increases the amount of base management fees
and incentive fees payable by us to our Advisor.     

For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, 36% and 20% of our total investment income consisted of PIK interest. Because
PIK interest results in an increase in the size of the loan balance of the underlying loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest
has the effect of increasing our assets under management. As a result, because the base management fee that we pay to our Advisor
is based on the value of our gross assets, the receipt by us of PIK interest results in an increase in the amount of the base
management fee payable by us. In addition, any such increase in a loan balance due to the receipt of PIK interest causes such
loan to accrue interest on the higher loan balance, which will result in an increase in our pre-incentive fee net investment income
and, as a result, an increase in incentive fees that are payable by us to our Advisor.  

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds.   

None.  

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.    

None.  

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.    

None.  

Item 5. Other Information.  

None.  

Item
6. Exhibits.   

(a)
Exhibits  

*
  Filed herewith  

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

PARKVIEW
    CAPITAL CREDIT, INC.   

Date: November 9,
    2016  
      /s/
    KEITH W. SMITH   

Keith W. Smith   

Chief Executive Officer
     
    (Principal Executive Officer)   

/s/
    CHARLES M. JACOBSON   

Charles M. Jacobson   

Chief Financial Officer   

(Principal Financial
    and Accounting Officer)   

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10q0916ex31i_parkview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER   

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, Keith W. Smith, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Parkview Capital Credit, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  [Reserved];   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Keith W. Smith     

Keith W. Smith   

Chief Executive Officer 
         (Principal Executive Officer)   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10q0916ex31ii_parkview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2  

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER   

   PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002   

I, Charles Jacobson, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Parkview Capital Credit, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;   

(b)  [Reserved];   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: November 9, 2016 

/s/ Charles Jacobson   

Charles Jacobson   

Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
         (Principal Financial Officer)   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10q0916ex32i_parkview.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1  

CERTIFICATIONS
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER    

   PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

   (18
U.S.C.   1350)    

Each
of the undersigned officers of Parkview Capital Credit, Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certifies, for purposes of Section
1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to his knowledge:  

(i)    The
                                         accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September
                                         30, 2016 (the  Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
                                         or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    

(ii)    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date:     November
    9, 2016  

By:   
       /s/
                                         Keith W. Smith  

Name:   
      Keith
    W. Smith   

Title:   
      Chief
    Executive Officer   

(Principal
    Executive Officer)   
 
      Date:     November
    9, 2016  

By:  
      /s/
    Charles Jacobson   

Name:  
      Charles
    Jacobson   

Title:  
      Chief
    Financial Officer    

(Principal
    Financial Officer)   

The
foregoing certification is being furnished with the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350. It is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and it is not to be
incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general
information language in such filing, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates by reference.  

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.  

</EX-32.1>

