<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161026_10-K_edgar_data_1667313_0001213900-16-017726_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4383807</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>261788</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>253192</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1168467</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1609117</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>998890</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>85</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-16-017726.hdr.sgml : 20161026
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161026150029
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-017726
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161026
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161026

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zedge, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001667313
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				263199071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37782
		FILM NUMBER:		161952485

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 CORTLANDT STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-577-3424

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 CORTLANDT STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10007

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-16-017726.txt : 20161026

10-K
 1
 f10k2016_zedgeinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   

   Washington,
D.C. 20549   

FORM 10-K   

Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For
the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2016   

OR   

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934   

For the Transition Period from_______ to _______    

Commission File
Number: 1-37782   

Zedge,
Inc.    

   (Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)   

(330)
577-3424    

   (Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code)   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   None   

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   

Class
B Common Stock   

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.   Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.   Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file
such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.   Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).   Yes     No     

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller
reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large
accelerated filer      
      Accelerated filer      
      Non-accelerated
filer      
      Smaller
reporting company       

(Do not check if a
    smaller reporting company)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).   Yes     No     

As
of October 11, 2016, the registrant had outstanding 524,775 shares of Class A common stock and 8,863,178 shares of Class B
common stock.  

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE   

The
definitive proxy statement relating to the registrant s Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be held January 18, 2017, is
incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent described therein.  

TABLE
OF CONTENTS  

PART I  
      
      1   

Item 1.  
      Business  
      1   
 
      Item 1A.  
      Risk
    Factors  
      4   
 
      Item 2.  
      Properties  
      17   
 
      Item 3.  
      Legal
    Proceedings  
      17   
 
      Item 4.  
      Mine
    Safety Disclosures  
      17   

PART II  
      
      18   

Item 5.  
      Market
    for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  
      18   
 
      Item 6.  
      Selected
    Financial Data.  
      18   
 
      Item 7.  
      Management s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  
      18   
 
      Item 7A.  
      Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks.  
      24   
 
      Item 8.  
      Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.  
      24   
 
      Item 9.  
      Changes
    in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  
      24   
 
      Item 9A.  
      Controls
    and Procedures.  
      24   
 
      Item 9B.  
      Other
    Information.  
      25   

PART III  
      
      26   

Item 10.  
      Directors
    and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and Corporate Governance  
      26   
 
      Item 11.  
      Executive
    Compensation  
      26   
 
      Item 12.  
      Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  
      26   
 
      Item 13.  
      Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  
      26   
 
      Item 14.  
      Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services  
      26   

PART IV  
      
      27   

Item 15.  
      Exhibits,
    Financial Statement Schedules.  
      27   

SIGNATURES   
      29   

PART
I  

As used in this Annual Report, unless the context otherwise requires,
the terms the  Company,   Zedge,   we,   us,  and  our  refer to Zedge,
Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries, collectively. Our fiscal year runs from August 1 through July 31. Each reference
to a fiscal year in this Annual Report refers to the fiscal year ending in the calendar year indicated (for example, fiscal 2016
refers to the fiscal year ended July 31, 2016). 

Item
1.  Business  

Company
Overview  

We provide one of the most popular content distribution platforms,
worldwide, centered on self-expression, attracting both creators looking to promote their content and consumers who utilize such
content to express their identity, feelings, tastes and interests. Users primarily access our content via our smartphone app,
called Zedge, which offers an easy and modular way to customize smart phones. Depending on the phone s mobile operating
system, our Zedge app users are able to select personalization content from all or some of the following categories: ringtones,
alarms, notification sounds, wallpapers, home screen widgets and app icons. In each category, we offer a wide array of high-quality,
free content and content recommendations. 

Our smartphone app, available in the Google Play and iTunes app stores, has been installed over 216 million
times, has more than 31 million monthly active users, or MAUs, and has averaged among the top 25 free applications in the Google
Play store in the U.S. for the past six years and is ranked in the top 15 most popular free apps in the iTunes Entertainment category.
MAU is a performance indicator that captures the number of unique users that opened our app in the previous 30-day period. Zedge
has grown its user base without material investment in marketing, user acquisition or advertising. 

According
to a 2014 study conducted by  Business Intelligence , mobile users want highly personalized smartphone experiences. Furthermore,
in January 2016, Flurry Analytics revealed that personalization apps saw their sessions increase more than 332% in 2015. Although
much of this growth was attributable to Emoji keyboards, the appeal for personalization is evident from their research. We
believe that our Zedge app s popularity stems from its ability to fulfill the demand for smartphone personalization by offering
a large and diverse content catalogue, providing an intuitive and user-friendly experience and rendering the content in a customized
and personally relevant manner. To this end, we invest heavily in both product design and development and the underlying technology
required to satisfy our user s expectations. As a result of Zedge s large, active user base, we offer advertisers,
marketers, consumer brands and content providers, including, musicians, artists and brands a powerful way to engage with their
prospects and customers.  

Our
Zedge app does all of this without handing over core elements of the native operating system to a third party or overwhelming
the user with a myriad of complex options. Once installed, the app does not require the user to utilize or install additional
apps. As a result, the app provides an intuitive experience that allows the user to maintain the control that we believe they
desire.  

As of July 31, 2016, Zedge had in excess of 31 million MAUs. Close to 40% of our Zedge app s user base is
located in North America with around 30% in Europe. Approximately 65% of our Zedge app s users are male. 

We generate over 90% of our revenues from selling advertising
inventory to advertising networks/exchanges, real time bidding platforms, and game publishers. Advertisers are attracted to Zedge
because of our sizable and growing user base; user demographics; non-incentivized acquisition platform specifically for mobile
game publishers; and our focus on mobile phone personalization. The remainder of our revenue is primarily generated from managing
and optimizing advertising inventory for a third-party app publisher, as well as revenue billing, collection and reporting with
respect to the advertising. 

During fiscal 2016, we generated revenues of $11.1 million and
income from operations of $1.2 million, compared to revenues of $9.1 million and income from operations of $1.6 million in fiscal
year 2015. Of the $11.1 million and $9.1 million in revenues, 94% in each fiscal year was related to or generated from advertising. 

During fiscal 2016, MoPub represented 45% of our revenue, Google represented 20% of our revenue and
Facebook represented 13% of our revenue. During fiscal 2015, MoPub represented 37% of our revenue and Google represented 25%
of our revenue. 

Recent
Developments  

In
September 2016, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank for a revolving credit facility of up
to $2.5 million. Advances under this facility may not exceed the lesser of $2.5 million or 80% of our eligible accounts receivable
subject to certain concentration limits. The revolving credit facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of our assets.
The principal outstanding bears interest per annum at the greater of 3.5% or the prime rate plus 1.25%. Interest is payable monthly
and the facility matures in September 2018. We are required to pay an annual facility fee of $12,500 to Western Alliance Bank.
We are also required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial ratios during
the term of the revolving credit facility, including we may not pay any dividend on our capital stock. We may terminate this agreement
at any time without penalty or premium provided that we pay down any outstanding principal, accrued interest and bank expenses.  

Our
Competitive Advantage  

We
believe that the following competitive strengths drive the growth of our business:  

Leading
                                         global provider of mobile personalization content . We offer a leading mobile device
                                         personalization app, globally, enabling users to easily personalize their mobile phones
                                         with a wide variety of free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers, app icons, home screen
                                         widgets and notification sounds. Our app has averaged in the top 25 free applications
                                         in the Google Play store in the United States for six years. In December 2015, Google
                                         Play selected Zedge as one of the  Best Apps of 2015  in United States, Canada,
                                         Brazil, United Kingdom, Australia, Middle East and North Africa. Furthermore, our iPhone
                                         app climbed to 5 th  place in Top Free iPhone Entertainment Apps within two
                                         weeks of re-launching on iTunes in March 2016. As such, we believe that Zedge is well
                                         positioned for continued growth and leadership in the personalization space.   

High-quality
                                         product . We believe that our Zedge app provides our customers with a high-quality product
                                         and superior user experience. We believe that our success has resulted from prioritizing
                                         the customer s needs and that this focus is critical for our long-term growth and
                                         expansion. To this end, we invest significant resources in product development, design
                                         and usability. We beta test product enhancements extensively and closely monitor customer
                                         feedback to ensure that we meet user needs. We strive to remain relevant not only by
                                         offering a wide array of excellent content but also by providing the content in a personally
                                         germane way. Our high user ranking validates our product-oriented focus. We enjoy an
                                         overall user rating of 4.6 stars out of a total of 5 stars in the Google Play store with
                                         more than 3.2 million five star ratings out of a total of approximately 4.4 million ratings.   

Large,
                                         global customer base . We benefit from having a large customer base of more than 31
                                         million MAUs. As of July 31, 2016, approximately 40% of our users were in North America
                                         and 30% in Europe, regions that we believe provide for preferred monetization opportunities
                                         because we believe that these demographics are more attractive to advertisers. We are
                                         one of around 100  Android apps, globally, that has surpassed 100 million installs. To
                                         serve our global user base, our Android app is available in 11 languages. Our global
                                         footprint helps us to secure a highly diverse portfolio of content addressing various
                                         customer tastes and preferences. In addition, our customer base attracts advertisers
                                         and game publishers seeking affluent markets where customers have adequate disposable
                                         income to purchase their products and services.   

Employees .
                                         We have attracted and retained employees with solid educational and professional credentials
                                         who are passionate about Zedge and its mission to serve as a medium for self-expression.
                                         Our culture is one of respect where we empower our employees to be creative, allowing
                                         them to make good decisions to try to accomplish great things.   

Management
                                         team . We have an experienced and stable management team with a strong track record
                                         of execution and a deep knowledge of the mobile app landscape. Our core management team
                                         possesses a solid understanding of the mobile app universe, product design and development,
                                         operations and monetization. Collectively, our management team has proven its ability
                                         in building and scaling our business, globally, in a fiscally viable fashion.   

Technology
                                         and infrastructure . We pride ourselves on building scalable technology that reliably
                                         serves tens of millions of MAUs. We use a combination of off-the-shelf and proprietary
                                         technologies and infrastructure solutions that scale efficiently to meet the needs of
                                         our expanding customer base.   

Our
Strategy  

We
strive to become the world s leading platform for helping people express their identity through digital content. To achieve
this, we are concentrating our efforts on the following goals:  

Continue
                                         growing our user base, globally . We expect to continue devoting material resources
                                         in growing our user base by:   

studying
                                         user needs and enhancing our flagship Zedge app to meet those needs;   

selectively
                                         and opportunistically implementing user acquisition campaigns;   

expanding
                                         into new markets by localizing and collaborating with regionally relevant strategic partners;
                                         and   

developing
                                         and offering new and exciting products and services that extend beyond our current flagship
                                         app.   

Increase
                                         usage and retention . We plan on investing in projects and enhancements that will
                                         increase customer usage and user retention. We may forge relationships with content holders
                                         or strategic partners interested in gaining access to our customer base in exchange for
                                         timely and premium content that is of value to our users or that we develop new and enhanced
                                         products and mechanisms for engaging with our customer base.                                                                                                                          

Ongoing
                                         product and technology investment . We plan to make continued investment in the core
                                         product feature sets and functionalities that have positioned us as a leader in the personalization
                                         space. In addition, we will invest in new technology initiatives that we believe will
                                         provide value to our users.                                                                                         

Increase
                                         our marketing efforts . Historically, we haven t invested materially in marketing
                                         initiatives. Going forward, we envision the need to better promote our brand and amplify
                                         our voice. We also envisage entering into commercial relationships with major brands,
                                         movie studios, music labels and pop culture influencers to enhance our value proposition.
                                         Furthermore, we will also invest in app store optimization, search, marketing automation,
                                         social marketing and community management in order to retain and expand our customer
                                         base.                                                                   

Improve
                                         monetization . We will continue exploring additional monetization methods including
                                         in-app purchases, subscription models, e-commerce, new advertising products and brand
                                         sponsorships. We believe that our large and expanding customer base is an attractive
                                         medium for advertisers, brands and content holders and this will generate new monetization
                                         opportunities over time.                                                                                      

Selectively
                                         pursue strategic investments and acquisitions . On a selective basis we will look
                                         to invest in or purchase entities that can provide synergistic growth opportunities.
                                         Our acquisition of Sincerial AS, in 2010, served as the cornerstone of our focus on data
                                         driven content recommendations, one of our strategic advantages. We plan to leverage
                                         our understanding of the industry and pursue opportunities that we believe can have a
                                         material positive impact on our business.    

Our
History  

In
2003, Tom Arnoy, Kenneth Sundnes and Paul Shaw launched a consumer website that people could use to upload and download ringtones.
Traffic to the website grew, primarily by word of mouth, drawing customers from the emerging markets. In December 2006, IDT acquired
90% of Zedge Limited, a UK-based company. Zedge Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2008.  On September 18, 2008,
Zedge Limited, Tom Arnoy, Kenneth Sundnes and IDT entered into a Conversion Agreement, converting the equity in Zedge Ltd. to
Zedge Holdings, Inc. and on September 23, 2008, IDT purchased 94,750 shares of Zedge Holdings  Series B Preferred Stock
for $1,000,000.  

In
2010, IDT and Shaman II, L.P. invested an additional $1.7 million in Zedge Holdings, Inc. Over a two-year period in 2011 and 2012,
IDT and Shaman II, L.P. invested an additional $2.35 million in Zedge Holdings, Inc. In January 2016, Zedge Holdings, Inc. s
name was changed to Zedge, Inc.  

In
late 2009, we introduced our Android app. The app provided ease-of-use by negating the need for the customer to first download
a ringtone or wallpaper to their computer and then upload that content to their mobile phone.  

In
late 2011, Tom Arnoy was promoted to our Chief Executive Officer and Jonathan Reich was retained as our Chief Operating Officer.
We improved our underlying technology. We launched our iOS app in 2013, followed by launch of our Windows Mobile app in 2014.  

During
2014 and 2015, our Zedge app introduced app icons, social sharing features and marketing automation capabilities. In addition,
we began localizing our app by not only expanding the number of languages it supported but also by launching localized versions
of its Google Play listings. As of July 31, 2016, Zedge is available in the following 11 languages: Chinese, English, French,
German, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Russian and Indonesian.  

Our
Technology  

Zedge
has developed a scalable distributed platform that is comprised of both open source and proprietary technologies centered on content
management and discovery, web and app development, data mining and analytics, deep learning, mobile content/device compatibility,
advertising and reporting. From an end user s perspective, the platform minimizes response latency while maximizing content
relevancy and discoverability. We optimize by utilizing systems, algorithms and heuristics that organize the content based upon
real user data and that render the content in a relevant fashion. Zedge s architecture provides a fully redundant production
environment that can tolerate multiple server failures with minimal end-user disruption. It utilizes a variety of bare-metal and
cloud-hosted servers; a mix that we find gives the right balance between performance, scalability, flexibility, cost and ease
of use.  

Competition  

Zedge
faces competition across many different fronts including:  

Mobile
                                         personalization products . Generally, we compete with other mobile app developers.
                                         More specifically, ringtones, wallpapers and app icons are a commodity, and many smaller
                                         app developers and websites offer both free and paid ringtones, wallpapers and app icons.
                                         In addition, Android app launchers offer users a limited set of similar personalization
                                         options when compared to Zedge. We believe that Zedge has a competitive advantage in
                                         this space due to its large user base, its modular approach that allows the customer
                                         to selectively choose what they would like to personalize without handing over the core
                                         elements of the native operating system to a third party and overwhelming the user with
                                         a myriad of complex options, its large content catalogue, its proprietary recommendation
                                         engine, its market ranking and its longevity. We are unaware of any service that hosts
                                         a content library as extensive as Zedge s library, or that curates the content
                                         in such a relevant and easy-to-use fashion.   

Advertisers .
                                         We face significant competition for advertising spend from both digital media providers
                                         and traditional media outlets, including television, radio and print.   

Intellectual
Property   

Our
trademarks, copyrights, domain names, proprietary technology, knowhow and other intellectual property are vital to our success.
We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on federal, state and common law rights in the United States and
other countries, as well as contractual restrictions. We enter into confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with our employees
and business partners. The agreements we enter into with our employees also provide that all software, inventions, developments,
works of authorship and trade secrets created by them during the course of their employment are our property.  

We
have been granted trademark protection for  Zedge  in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and Canada
and for  Tonesync  in the United States and European Union. We also have applied for trademark protection for  We
make phones personal ,  Tattoo your phone  and  Zedge Snakk  in the United States and  Zedge 
in India as well as for copyright protection for our flagship app, Zedge. In addition, we have registered, amongst others, the
following domain names:  zedge.net  and  zedge.com .  

Employees  

As
of July 31, 2016, we had 54 full time employees.  

Facilities  

Our principal executive office is located in a leased premise
comprising approximately 500 square feet of space in New York City. This location currently houses commercial operations including
sales, marketing, business development and ad operations. Our Trondheim, Norway facility with approximately 11,000 square feet
of space accommodates our product, design and technology teams and is under lease through 2018. We entered into a lease in October
2014 for approximately 400 square feet of office space in Helsinki, Finland, where we employ a satellite development center. Our
servers are hosted in leased data centers in different geographic locations in the U.S. These data centers are owned and maintained
by a third-party data center provider. 

Item
1A.  Risk Factors  

Our
business, operating results or financial condition could be materially adversely affected by any of the following risks associated
with any one of our businesses, as well as the other risks highlighted elsewhere in this document, particularly the discussions
about competition. The trading price of our Class B common stock could decline due to any of these risks. Note that references
to  our ,  us ,  we , etc. used in each risk factor below refers to the business about which
such risk factor is provided.   

If
we fail to attract advertisers or if our advertisers reduce their spending with us, our revenues, profitability and prospects
may be materially and adversely affected.  

In
each of fiscal 2015 and 2016, our revenues from advertising accounted for 94% of our total revenues. We anticipate that our growth
and profitability will continue to depend on our ability to sell advertising inventory. Companies that advertise via Zedge may
choose to utilize other channels. If the size of the mobile advertising market does not increase from current levels, or if we
are unable to capture and retain a sufficient share of that market, our ability to maintain or increase our current level of advertising
revenues and our profitability and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.  

The
mobile advertising market may deteriorate or develop more slowly than expected, which could harm our business.  

Mobile
connected devices, especially smartphones, are generally a new advertising medium. Advertisers have historically spent a smaller
portion of their advertising budgets on mobile media as compared to traditional advertising methods, such as television, newspapers,
radio and billboards, or online advertising over the internet, such as placing banner ads on websites. Future demand and market
acceptance for mobile advertising is uncertain. Many advertisers still have limited experience with mobile advertising and may
continue to devote larger portions of their advertising budgets to more traditional offline or online personal computer-based
advertising, instead of shifting additional advertising resources to mobile advertising. In addition, our current and potential
advertiser clients may ultimately find mobile advertising to be less effective than traditional advertising media or marketing
methods or other technologies for promoting their products and services, and they may even reduce their spending on mobile advertising
from current levels as a result. If the market for mobile advertising deteriorates, or develops more slowly than we expect, we
may not be able to increase our revenue.  

If
mobile connected devices, their operating systems or content distribution channels develop in ways that prevent users from downloading
our app or block advertising from being delivered to our users, our ability to grow our business will be impaired.  

Our
business model depends upon the continued compatibility between our Zedge app and the major mobile operating systems. Third parties
with whom we do not have any formal relationships control the design of mobile devices and operating systems. These parties frequently
introduce new devices, and from time to time they may introduce new operating systems or modify existing ones. Network carriers,
including but not limited to Verizon, AT T or T-Mobile, may also impact the ability to download apps or access specified content
on mobile devices.  

We
rely upon third party distribution platforms, including Google Play and iTunes, for distribution of our app. Google Play and iTunes
are global application distribution platforms and the main distribution channels for Zedge. As such, the promotion, distribution
and operation of our apps are subject to the respective distribution platforms  standard terms and policies for application
developers, which are very broad and subject to frequent changes and interpretation. Furthermore, the distribution platforms may
not enforce their standard terms and policies for application developers consistently and uniformly across all applications and
with all publishers. In late January 2016, iTunes removed our app from their store claiming a policy violation. Although we didn t
agree with their interpretation, we modified the app and published a remediated version in March 2016. During this period prospective
iOS users were unable to download our app yet existing users (i.e. users that had already installed the app on their iPhone) were
still able to utilize it.  

In
addition, if any of these providers were to limit or disable advertising on their platforms, devices or operating systems, either
because of technological constraints or because a maker of these devices, developer of these operating systems or owner of these
distribution platforms wished to impair our ability to serve ads on them, our ability to generate revenue could be significantly
harmed. Also, technologies may be developed that can block the display of our ads. Most of our revenues are derived from fees
paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads in our mobile app. As a result, ad-blocking technology could,
in the future, adversely affect our operating results.  

We
may incur net losses and experience negative cash flow from operating activities in the future and may not be able to obtain additional
capital in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, or at all.  

In
fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016, we generated net income, compared to a net loss incurred in fiscal 2014. While we were profitable
in those periods we may incur net losses in the future as we grow our business. In addition, we experienced positive cash flow
from operating activities of $1.8 million, $2.2 million and $0.8 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Although
we generated positive cash flow from operating activities, we may experience negative cash flows again in the future.  

Our
ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow from operating activities depends on various factors, including
but not limited to, the acceptance of our products and services by mobile internet users, the growth and maintenance of our user
base, our ability to maintain existing and obtain new advertisers, our ability to grow our revenues and the effectiveness of our
selling and marketing activities as well as control our costs and expenses. We may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability
or positive cash flow from operating activities, and if we achieve positive operating cash flow, it may not be sufficient to satisfy
our anticipated capital expenditures and other cash needs. As such, we may not be able to fund our operating expenses and expenditures
and may be unable to fulfill our financial obligations as they become due, which may result in voluntary or involuntary dissolution
or liquidation proceeding of our company and a total loss of your investment.  

We
have limited resources and could find it difficult to raise additional capital.  

We
were formerly a majority-owned subsidiary of IDT Corporation. On June 1, 2016, IDT s interest in us was spun-off by IDT
to IDT s stockholders and we became an independent public company through a pro rata distribution of our common stock held
by IDT to IDT s stockholders (the Spin-Off). As a result of the Spin-Off, we are independent from IDT. We have no operating
history as an independent company, and no current sources of financing other than the $2.5 million credit facility with Western
Alliance Bank entered into in September 2016. Any financing formerly provided to us by IDT is no longer available. We may need
to raise additional capital for operations and in order for stockholders to realize increased value on our securities. Given the
current global economy and other factors, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain the necessary funding on commercially
reasonable terms in a timely fashion. Failure to receive the funding could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects,
and financial condition.  

Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate
our business and prospects and may increase your investment risk. 

We
have only a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. Although we have experienced significant
revenue growth in recent periods, it is likely that we will not be able to sustain this growth. As part of the nascent mobile
advertising industry, we will encounter risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving
industries, including the need to:  

maintain
                                         our reputation and build trust with our advertiser and developer clients;   

offer
                                         competitive pricing to both advertisers and developers;   

maintain
                                         and expand our network of advertising space through which we deliver mobile advertising
                                         campaigns;   

deliver
                                         advertising results that are superior to those that advertisers or developers could achieve
                                         directly or through the use of competing providers or technologies;   

continue
                                         to develop and upgrade the technologies that enable us to provide mobile advertising
                                         services;   

respond
                                         to evolving government regulations relating to the internet, telecommunications, privacy,
                                         direct marketing and advertising aspects of our business;   

identify,
                                         attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; and   

manage
                                         our expanding operations.    

If
we do not successfully address these risks, our revenue could decline and our ability to pursue our growth strategy and attain
profitability could be compromised.  

Our
historical financial information may not be indicative of our future results as an independent company.  

Our
historical financial information may not reflect what our results of operations, financial position and cash flows would have
been had we been an independent company during the prior periods presented or be indicative of what our results of operations,
financial position and cash flows may be in the future now that we are an independent company.  

If
we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, results of operations
and prospects may be materially and adversely affected.  

We
believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand is of significant importance to the success of our business. Historically, we
have not made material investments in this effort. Yet, we believe that enhancing the recognition and reputation of our brand
is important to our future success and ability to compete. A well-recognized brand is important to increasing the number of users
and enhancing our attractiveness to advertisers and business partners. Brand recognition and enhancement may directly affect our
ability to maintain our market position.  

Many
                                         factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important to maintaining and enhancing
                                         our brand and may negatively impact our brand and reputation if not properly managed,
                                         such as:   

our
                                         ability to maintain an easy and reliable user experience as user preferences evolve and
                                         as we expand into new service categories and new service lines;   

our
                                         ability to increase brand awareness among existing and potential users, advertisers and
                                         content providers through various marketing and promotional activities;   

our
                                         ability to adopt new technologies or adapt our products and services to meet user needs
                                         or emerging industry standards; and   

our
                                         ability to distinguish Zedge from the competition and maintain this distinction.    

In
the future we may conduct various marketing and brand promotion activities to expand our brand. Some of these may require material
investment. We cannot assure you, however, that these activities will be successful or that we will be able to achieve the brand
promotion effect we expect. In addition, any negative publicity in relation to our mobile internet products or services could
harm our brand and reputation.  

We
have sometimes received, and expect to continue to receive, complaints from users regarding the quality of our products and services.
If our users  complaints are not addressed to their satisfaction, our reputation and our market position could be significantly
harmed, which may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects.  

We
may not be able to continually meet user demand and retain or expand our user base.  

Although
we constantly monitor and research user needs, we may be unable to meet user demand on an ongoing basis or anticipate future user
demands. A decrease in the number of users may have a material and adverse effect on our ability to sell advertising and on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In order to attract and retain users and remain competitive, we must
continue to innovate our products and services, improve user experience, and implement new technologies and functionalities.  

The
mobile internet business is characterized by constant changes, including but not limited to rapid technological evolution, continual
shifts in user demands, frequent introductions of new products and services and constant emergence of new industry standards and
practices. As a result, users may leave us for our competitors  products and services more quickly than in other sectors.
Thus our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to these changes on a timely and cost-effective basis, including
improving and marketing our existing products and services and developing and pricing new products and services in response to
evolving user needs. Our ability to successfully retain or expand our user base will depend on our ability to achieve the following,
among others:  

anticipate
                                         and effectively respond to the growing number of mobile internet users in general and
                                         the Zedge users in particular;   

attract,
                                         retain and motivate talented application designers, product managers and engineers who
                                         have experience developing personalization products or other mobile internet products
                                         and services;   

effectively
                                         market our existing and new mobile internet products in response to evolving user needs;   

develop
                                         in a timely fashion and launch new Zedge products and features and other mobile internet
                                         products cost-effectively;   

further
                                         improve our platform to provide a compelling and optimal user experience through integration
                                         of products and services provided by existing and new third party developers or business
                                         partners; and   

continue
                                         to provide quality content to attract and retain users and advertisers.    

We
cannot assure you that our existing products and services will remain sufficiently popular with our users. We may be unsuccessful
in adding compelling new enhancements; products and services to further diversify our product offerings. Unexpected technical,
commercial or operational problems could delay or prevent the introduction of one or more of our new products or services. Moreover,
we cannot be sure that any of our new products and services will achieve widespread market acceptance or generate incremental
revenue the way our existing Zedge service has. If we fail to continue to achieve sufficient user satisfaction through our products
or services or our products and services fail to meet our expectation to maintain and expand our user base, our business, results
of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.  

Our
user base is heavily weighted to the Android operating system and our revenues may suffer if the market demand for Android smartphones
decreases.  

Our
user base is heavily weighted to smartphones running the Android operating system, which constituted approximately 85% of our
monthly active mobile app users and most of our revenues as of July 31, 2016. Any significant downturn in the overall demand for
Android smartphones or the use of Android smartphones could significantly and adversely affect the demand for our personalization
app and would materially affect our revenues. Although the Android smartphone market has grown rapidly in recent years, it is
uncertain whether the Android smartphone market will continue growing at a similar rate in the future. In addition, due to the
constantly evolving nature of the smartphone industry, another operating system for smartphones may eclipse the Android operating
system and result in a decline in its popularity, which would likely adversely affect our app s popularity. To the extent
that the Zedge app continues to be operated on Android smartphones and to the extent that our future revenues substantially depend
on the use and sales of Android smartphones, our business would be vulnerable to any downturns in the Android smartphone market.  

We
may not be able to effectively manage our growth or implement our future business strategies, in which case our business and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected.  

Our
continued success depends on our ability to grow organically and our strategic cooperation with third-party partners. We have
experienced a period of significant rapid growth and expansion that has placed, and continues to place, significant strain on
our management and resources. We cannot assure you that this level of significant growth will be sustainable or achieved at all
in the future. We believe that our continued growth will depend on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services,
attract new users, retain existing users, continue developing innovative technologies in response to user demand, increase brand
awareness through marketing and promotional activities, react to changes in market trends, expand into new market segments, attract
new advertisers, retain existing advertisers and take advantage of the growth in the relevant markets. We cannot assure you that
we will achieve any of the above.  

To
manage our growth and attain and maintain profitability, we will also need to further expand, train, manage and motivate our workforce
and manage our relationships with users, consultants, business partners and advertisers. We anticipate that we will need to implement
a variety of enhanced and upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, including the improvement of our
accounting and other internal management systems. All of these endeavors involve risks and will require substantial management
efforts and skills and additional expenditures. In addition, we currently enjoy a global customer base. This geographic diversification
may raise the level of difficulty in managing our growth and profitability. We cannot assure you that our current and planned
personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations. In addition, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to effectively manage our growth or implement our future business strategies effectively, and failure to
do so may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

Our
products may contain errors, flaws or failures that may only become apparent after their release, especially in terms of updates
to our app. From time to time we receive user feedback in connection with errors, flaws or failures and such   errors, flaws
or failures may also come to our attention during our internal testing process. We generally have been able to resolve such errors,
flaws or failures in a timely manner, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to detect and resolve all of them effectively
or in a timely manner. Errors, flaws or failures in our services and products may adversely affect user experience and cause our
users to stop using our services and products, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.  

We
do not have long-term agreements with our advertisers, and we may be unable to retain existing advertisers, attract new advertisers
or replace departing advertiser with advertisers that can provide comparable revenue to us.  

Our
success requires us to maintain and expand our current advertiser relationships and to develop new relationships. Our contracts
with our advertising partners generally do not include long-term obligations requiring them to purchase our inventory and are
cancelable upon short or no notice and without penalty. Furthermore, the majority of our advertisers buy our inventory via third-party
platforms and bidding exchanges that own the relationship with the advertiser. As a result, we may have limited visibility as
to our future advertising revenue streams. We cannot assure you that our advertisers will continue to purchase our inventory,
or that we will be able to replace, in a timely or effective manner, departing advertisers with new advertisers that generate
comparable revenue. If a major advertiser representing a significant portion of our business decides to materially reduce its
advertising spend with us or cease purchasing our advertising inventory, our revenue could be significantly reduced.  

We
face competition in all aspects of our business. If we fail to compete effectively or if our reputation is damaged, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.  

Although
we are currently a leading platform for smartphone personalization, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain this
position in the future. We face potential competition from other mobile internet companies and smartphone manufacturers, and new
market entrants may also emerge. If we are not able to differentiate our business from that of our competitors, drive value for
our customers, and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete effectively
against our competitors. Our failure to compete effectively against any of the foregoing competitive threats could materially
and adversely harm our business. Increased competition may result in new products and offerings which may in turn require us to
take actions to retain and attract our users and advertisers in such a fashion which would lower gross margins. If we fail to
compete effectively, our market share would decrease and our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.  

If
we are not able to effectively compete in any aspect of our business or if our reputation is harmed by rumors or allegations regarding
our business or business practices, our overall user base may decrease, making us less attractive to advertisers. We may be required
to spend additional resources to further increase our brand recognition and promote our products and services, and such additional
spending could adversely affect our profitability.  

If
we fail to keep up with rapid technological changes in the internet and smartphone industries, our results and future growth may
be adversely affected.  

The
internet industry and smartphone industries are characterized by rapid and innovative technological changes. Our future success
will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to fast changing technologies, adapt our products and services to evolving industry
standards and improve the performance, functionality and reliability of our products and services. Our failure to continue to
adapt to such changes could harm our business. If we are slow to develop products and services that are compatible with smartphones,
or if the products and services we develop are not widely accepted and used by smartphone users, we may not be able to capture
a significant share of this important market. In addition, the widespread adoption of new internet, networking or telecommunications
technologies or other technological changes for smartphones could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our products,
services or infrastructure. If we fail to keep up with rapid and innovative technological changes to remain competitive, our future
growth may be adversely affected and our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.  

Our
international operations and availability expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial
condition.  

In
addition to uncertainty about our ability to continue expanding and monetizing internationally, there are additional risks inherent
in doing business internationally including:  

tariffs,
                                         trade barriers, customs classifications and changes in trade regulations;   

difficulties
                                         in developing, staffing, and simultaneously managing foreign operations as a result of
                                         distance, language, and cultural differences;   

stringent
                                         local labor laws and regulations;   

strict
                                         and unclear laws around data privacy;   

longer
                                         payment cycles;   

credit
                                         risk and higher levels of payment fraud;   

profit
                                         repatriation restrictions and foreign currency exchange restrictions;   

political
                                         or social unrest, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues;   

geopolitical
                                         events, including natural disasters, acts of war and terrorism;   

import
                                         or export regulations;   

compliance
                                         with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting
                                         bribery and corrupt payments to government officials;   

antitrust
                                         and competition regulations;   

potentially
                                         adverse tax developments;   

seasonal
                                         volatility in business activity and local economic conditions;   

economic
                                         uncertainties relating to European sovereign and other debt;   

laws,
                                         regulations, licensing requirements, and business practices that favor local competitors
                                         or prohibit foreign ownership or investments;   

laws,
                                         regulations or rulings that block access to Zedge;   

different,
                                         uncertain or more stringent user protection, content, data protection, privacy, intellectual
                                         property and other laws; and   

risks
                                         related to other government regulation, required compliance with local laws or lack of
                                         legal precedent.    

We
are subject to numerous and sometimes conflicting U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that increase our cost of doing business.
Violations of these complex laws and regulations that apply to our international operations could result in damage awards, fines,
criminal actions, sanctions, or penalties against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business
and our ability to offer products and services, and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures
designed to promote compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not
violate our policies or that our policies will be sufficient. These risks inherent in our international operations and expansion
increase our costs of doing business internationally and could result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial
condition.  

Companies
and governmental agencies may restrict access to our website or mobile apps, or the internet generally, which could lead to the
loss or slower growth of our player base.  

Our
users need to access the internet and in particular our website or mobile application. Companies and governmental agencies, could
block access to our website or mobile application or the internet generally. For example, in 2013 the Indian courts issued orders
restraining internet service providers from providing access to various internet domains including Zedge s. Access to Zedge
through any mode has been blocked in many parts of India since February 2013 as discussed more fully in the Legal Proceedings
section on page 17. If companies or governmental entities block or limit access to Zedge or otherwise adopt policies restricting
access to our advertiser s products and services our business could be negatively impacted resulting in a loss or slow-down
of user base growth and/or revenues.  

Our
core values of focusing on our users first and acting for the long-term may conflict with the short-term interests of our business.  

One
of our core values is a focus on the user s experience, which we believe is essential to our success and serves the best,
long-term interests of us and our stakeholders. Therefore, we have made, in the past and/or may make in the future, significant
investments or changes in strategy that we think will benefit our users, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating
results in the short term. In addition, our philosophy of putting our users first may cause disagreements or negatively impact
our relationships with advertisers or other third parties. Our decisions may not result in the long-term benefits that we expect,
in which case the success of our business and operating results could be harmed.    

Legal
proceedings or allegations of impropriety could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity.  

We
have been, and may be in the future, subject to allegations or lawsuits by entities claiming that we engage in unethical, fraudulent
or otherwise inappropriate business practices. Any such lawsuit or allegation, with or without merit, or any perceived unfair,
unethical, fraudulent or inappropriate business practice by us or perceived wrong doing by any key member of our management team
could harm our reputation and user base and distract our management from day-to-day operations of our company. We cannot assure
that we will not be subject to lawsuits or allegations in the future. When we can make a reasonable estimate of the liability
relating to pending litigation and determine that an adverse liability resulting from such litigation is probable, we will record
a related contingent liability. As additional information becomes available, we will assess the potential liability and revise
estimates as appropriate. In fiscal years 2015 and 2016, we did not record any contingent liabilities relating to pending litigation.
When we record or revise our estimates of contingent liabilities in the future, the amount of our estimates may be inaccurate
due to the inherent uncertainties relating to litigation. In addition, the outcomes of actions we institute against third parties
may not be successful or favorable to us. Litigations and allegations against us may also generate negative publicity that significantly
harms our reputation, which may materially and adversely affect our user base and our ability to attract publishers and advertisers.
In addition to the related cost, managing and defending litigation and related indemnity obligations can significantly divert
management s and the board of directors  attention from operating our business. We may also need to pay damages or
settle the litigation with a substantial amount of cash. All of these could have a material adverse impact on our business, results
of operation and cash flows.  

A
variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign government laws and regulations could subject us to claims, judgments, monetary liabilities
and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices.  

We
are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations,
changes in existing laws and regulations or the interpretation of them, our introduction of new products, or an extension of our
business into new areas, could increase our future compliance costs, make our products and services less attractive to our users,
or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We may incur substantial expenses to comply with laws and regulations or
defend against a claim that we have not complied with them. Further, any failure on our part to comply with any relevant laws
or regulations may subject us to significant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, and negative publicity.  

The application of existing domestic and international laws and
regulations to us relating to issues such as user privacy and data protection, security, defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation,
gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement
demands, telecommunications, mobile, and intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled.
Further, the application to us or our subsidiaries of existing laws regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of
our advertisers can be unclear. U.S. export control laws and regulations also impose requirements and restrictions on exports
to certain nations and persons and on our business. Internationally, we may also be subject to laws regulating our activities
in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from country to country.  As a replacement
for the US-EU Safe Harbor framework which was invalidated by the European Court of Justice in October of 2015, the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework was designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and European Commission to provide U.S. companies with a mechanism
to comply with EU data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union to the United States. On
July 12, 2016, the European Commission deemed the Privacy Shield Framework adequate to enable data transfers under EU law. To
join the Privacy Shield Framework, Zedge will be required to self-certify to the Department of Commerce and commit to comply with
the Framework s requirements. The U.S. Department of Commerce began accepting applications for companies to join the Privacy
Shield Framework. The result of us joining the Privacy Shield Framework will likely be an increase in cost of compliance, and
an increase in potential for liability for non-compliance. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DCMA) has
provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for hosting user-generated materials that infringe copyrights,
so long as we comply with the statutory requirements the DMCA. Also, Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act (CDA)
provides immunity from liability for providers of an interactive computer service who publish defamatory information provided
by users of the service. While the immunity provisions of the DMCA and the CDA are well established, there are regular cases seeking
to limit the application of such immunity. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered
harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In
the area of data protection, most states have passed laws requiring notification, and at times, identity theft protection, to
users when there is a security breach for personal data. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered
in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 

Although we have invested and continue to invest in systems and resources to ensure that we are compliant
with the  requirements of the DMCA, CDA and other U.S.
and international laws relating to materials that infringe on copyrights and contain other objectionable content our systems may
not be sufficient or we may unintentionally err and fail to comply with these laws and regulations which could expose us to claims,
judgments, monetary liabilities and other remedies, and to limitations on our business practices.  

If
we are unable to license, acquire or otherwise obtain access to compelling content and services at reasonable cost or if we do
not develop or commission compelling content of our own, the number of users of our services may not grow as anticipated, or may
decline, or users  level of engagement with our products and services may decline, all or any of which could harm our operating
results.  

Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to aggregate and host compelling content and deliver that content to our users.
We achieve this when users upload their own user-generated content to our distribution platform or when we create content or enter
into business partnerships with content owners and host this content to our distribution platform. We believe that users value
high-quality content. As such, we may need to make substantial payments to third parties from whom we license or acquire such
content or from whom we have create this content on our behalf. Our ability to maintain and build relationships with such third-party
providers may become important to our success. As competition for compelling content increases both domestically and internationally,
our business partners may alter business terms under which they avail their content and services to us and potential providers
may not offer their content or services to us at all, or may offer them on terms that are not agreeable to us. A change in these
commercial terms could harm our operating results and financial condition. Further, much of the content that we acquire may only
be available on a non-exclusive basis allowing competitors the ability of offering this content to our disadvantage.  

We
may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims or other allegations, which could require us to pay substantial statutory
penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant content, enter into license agreements, which may not be available on commercially
reasonable terms or could result in our app being barred from any of the third party distribution platforms.  

There
may be owners of technology patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and content, who assert claims against us. If a claim
of infringement is brought against us we may be required to pay substantial penalties or other damages and fines, remove relevant
content, enter into license agreements that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all or be barred from
any of the third-party distribution platforms. Even though the allegations or claims could be baseless, defense against any of
these allegations or claims would be both costly and time-consuming and could significantly divert the efforts and resources of
our management and other personnel.  

We
may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm our business and competitive
position.  

We
regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual
property as critical to our success, and we rely on trademark and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality and
license agreements with our employees and others to protect our proprietary right. As of July 31, 2016, we have registered, amongst
others, the following domain names: www.zedge.net and www.zedge.com. In addition, we have been granted trademark protection for
 Zedge  in the United States, European Union, United Kingdom and Canada and for  Tonesync  in the United
States, European Union. As discussed in the Business section, we also have applied for trademark protections for other marks in
the United States and India as well as for copyright protection for our flagship app, Zedge.  

Monitoring
unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult and costly, and we cannot be certain that we can effectively
prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary
rights as fully as in the United States. From time to time, we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property
rights, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources.  

In
addition, it is often difficult to create and enforce intellectual property rights in certain international markets. Patents,
trademarks and service marks may also be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Trade secrets are difficult to protect, and
our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. Confidentiality agreements
may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Even where adequate and relevant laws exist it may not
be possible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of such laws, or to obtain enforcement of a court judgment or an arbitration
award delivered in another jurisdiction, and accordingly, we   may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property
rights or enforce agreements in such countries  

We
rely on third parties to provide the technologies necessary to deliver content, advertising, and services to our users, and any
change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or acceptance of these formats and technologies could adversely affect our
business.  

Our
service and hosting providers may experience downtime from time to time, which may negatively affect our brand and user perception
of the reliability of our service. Any scheduled or unscheduled interruption could result in an immediate, and possibly substantial,
loss of revenues. Although we seek to reduce the possibility of disruptions or other outages, our product may be disrupted by
problems relating either to our own technology or third party technology that is used for our product. Our systems may be vulnerable
to damage or interruption from telecommunication failures, power loss, computer attacks or viruses, earthquakes, floods, fires,
terrorist attacks and similar events. Parts of our system are not fully redundant or backed up, and our disaster recovery planning
may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Despite any precaution we may take, the occurrence of a natural disaster or other
unanticipated problems at our hosting facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our products and
services. Any interruption in the ability of our users to use our products and services could reduce our future revenues, harm
our future profits, subject us to regulatory scrutiny and lead users to seek alternative internet mobile products.  

There
can be no assurance that these providers will continue licensing their technologies or intellectual property to us on reasonable
terms, or at all. Providers may change the fees they charge users or otherwise change their business model in a manner that slows
the widespread acceptance of their technologies. Any change in the licensing terms, costs, availability, or user acceptance of
these technologies could adversely affect our business.  

We
use open source software in our platform that may subject our technology to general release or require us to re-engineer our solutions,
which may cause harm to our business.  

We
use open source software in connection with our services. From time to time, companies that incorporate open source software into
their products have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance with open source license
terms. Therefore, we could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software
or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute or make available
open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make
available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor our use of open source
software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code or that would otherwise
breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could nevertheless occur and we may be required to release our proprietary
source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our applications, discontinue use in the event re-engineering cannot
be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our development efforts, any
of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results.  

Our
business depends on our ability to collect and use data to deliver relevant content and ads, and any limitation on the collection
and use of this data could significantly diminish the value of our services and cause us to lose clients and revenue.  

When
one uses our products and services, we may collect both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable data about the
user. This may include but is not limited to the user s name, telephone number, email address, Facebook login credentials,
phone model, operating system, location, Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID, the collection of apps running
on the user s mobile device as well as information relating to their interaction with advertisements appearing within our
app. Often we use some of this data to provide a better experience for the user by delivering both relevant content and advertisements
or by limiting the number of times a specific ad is presented to the same mobile device. In addition, we use some of this data
for advertising reporting purposes.  

Although
our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service provide extensive details about how we use customer data our clients may decide not to
allow us to collect some or all of this data or may limit our use of this data. Any limitation on our ability to collect data
about user behavior and app interactions would likely make it more difficult for us to deliver germane content to our users and
effective mobile advertising campaigns that meet the demands of our advertisers.  

Although
our contracts with advertisers generally permit us to aggregate data from advertising campaigns, these clients might nonetheless
request that we discontinue using data obtained from their campaigns that have already been aggregated with other clients' campaign
data. It would be difficult, if not impossible, to comply with these requests, and these kinds of requests could also cause us
to invest significant amounts of resources. Interruptions, failures or defects in our data collection, mining, analysis and storage
systems, as well as privacy concerns and regulatory restrictions regarding the collection of data, could also limit our ability
to aggregate and analyze mobile device user data from our clients' advertising campaigns. If that happens, we may not be able
to optimize the placement of advertising for the benefit of our advertiser clients, which could make our services less valuable,
and, as a result, we may lose clients and our revenue may decline.  

Concerns
about collection and use of personal data could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products
and services, which could have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations.  

Concerns
about our platform with regard to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information or other privacy-related matters,
even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and results of operations. We apply strict management and protection of user provided
data and only use this data as described in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. While we strive to comply with our Privacy
Policy as well as all applicable data protection laws and regulations, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in
proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, and could damage our reputation. User and regulatory attitudes
towards privacy are evolving, and future regulatory or user concerns about the extent to which personal information is used or
shared with advertisers or others may adversely affect our ability to share certain data with advertisers, which may limit certain
methods of targeted advertising. In addition, new regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or international privacy
or consumer protection-related laws and regulations or proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others (e.g.,
class action privacy litigation) could result in us having to change our business practices, increase our costs and adversely
affect our business. For instance, U.S. courts have begun to define a level of reasonable security that is required when maintaining
personal information, and such requirements could both increase our cost of operations and subject us to liability for failure
to maintain such levels of security.  

Data
collection, privacy and security have become the subject of increasing public concern. If internet and mobile customers were to
reduce their use of our products, and services as a result of these concerns, our business could be harmed. As noted above, we
are also subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation of these laws.  

Concerns
about the security of personal data could also lead to a decline in general usage of our products and services, which could lead
to lower user numbers. A significant reduction in user numbers could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.  

Activities
of our advertiser clients could damage our reputation or give rise to legal claims against us.  

Our
advertisers may not comply with federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, laws and regulations relating to
mobile communications. Failure of our clients to comply with federal, state or local laws or our policies could damage our reputation
and expose us to liability under these laws. We may also be liable to third parties for content in the ads we deliver if the artwork,
text or other content involved violates copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of third parties or if the
content is defamatory, unfair and deceptive, or otherwise in violation of applicable laws. Although we generally receive assurance
from our advertising partners that their ads are lawful and that they have the right to use any copyrights, trademarks or other
intellectual property included in an ad, and although we are normally indemnified by the advertisers, a third party or regulatory
authority may still file a claim against us. Any such claims could be costly and time consuming to defend and could also hurt
our reputation within the mobile advertising industry. Further, if we are exposed to legal liability, we could be required to
pay substantial fines or penalties, redesign our business methods, discontinue some of our services or otherwise expend significant
resources.    

Security
breaches or computer virus attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects and results of operations.  

Any
significant breach of security of our computer systems could significantly harm our business, reputation and results of operations
and could expose us to lawsuits brought by our users and partners and to sanctions by governmental authorities in the jurisdictions
in which we operate. We cannot assure you that our IT systems will be secure from future security breaches or computer virus attacks.
Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information, including the personal information
of our users, obtaining user s names and passwords and enabling the hackers to access user s other online and mobile
accounts, if those users use identical user names and passwords. They could also misappropriate other information, including our
content. These circumventions may cause interruptions in our operations or damage our brand image and reputation. Our servers
may be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could cause system interruptions,
website slowdown or unavailability, delays in communication or transactions, or loss of data. We may be required to incur significant
additional costs to protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. In addition, a significant
security breach or virus attack on our system could result in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.  

We
have granted, and may continue to grant, options, restricted shares and other types of awards under our share incentive plans,
which may result in increased share-based compensation expenses.  

The
expenses associated with share-based compensation have affected our net income and may reduce our net income in the future, and
any additional securities issued under share-based compensation schemes will dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders.
We believe the granting of share-based compensation is of significant importance to our ability to attract and retain key personnel
and employees, or consultants, and we will continue to grant share-based compensation in the future. As a result, our expenses
associated with share-based compensation may increase, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.  

Investors
may suffer dilution.  

We
may engage in equity financing to fund our future operations and growth.  If we raise additional funds by issuing equity
securities, stockholders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interest (both with respect to the percentage
of total securities held, and with respect to the book value of their securities) and such securities may have rights senior to
those of the holders of our common stock.  

We
are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  

We
have significant operations in Europe that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Norwegian Kroner, subjecting us
to foreign currency risk. The strengthening or weakening of the U.S. Dollar versus these currencies impacts the expenses generated
in these foreign currencies when converted into the U.S. Dollar. In fiscal 2016 and 2015, we recorded a loss of $49,000 and a
gain of $171,000, respectively, from foreign currency movements relative to the U.S. Dollar Included in these amounts were losses
from hedging activities of $142,000 and $58,000 in fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively. While we regularly enter into transactions
to hedge portions of our foreign currency exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the effects of this exposure. Fluctuations
in foreign exchange rates could significantly impact our financial results.  

If
we fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may be unable to accurately report our results
of operations, meet our reporting obligations or prevent fraud.  

We
rely on IDT, under a services arrangement with greater service levels than were provided by IDT historically, to provide us with
an adequate allotment of its existing resources with technical accounting expertise. We and IDT designed review and monitoring
procedures in IDT s accounting and finance organization and identified and implemented improved processes and controls to
satisfy our higher level of requirements. We will continue to evaluate and monitor our services arrangement with IDT and will
take all appropriate action when and as necessary to ensure we have effective internal controls over financial reporting.  

Upon
the completion of the Spin-Off, we became a public company in the United States subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Section 404, a newly public company is not required to comply with
either the management or the auditor reporting requirements related to internal control over financial reporting until its second
annual report, if applicable. As such we will be required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial
reporting in our annual report beginning with our annual report for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. In addition, should
we become an accelerated filer, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting
is not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective,
our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent testing, may issue a report that is qualified
if it is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed,
or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, our reporting obligations may place a significant
strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. We may be unable to timely
complete our evaluation testing and any required remediation.  

During
the course of documenting and testing our internal control procedures, in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404,
we may identify weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain
the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time
to time, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in
accordance with Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer
material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet our reporting obligations, and we may be required to restate
our financial statements from prior periods, any of which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and lead to a decline in
the trading price of our stock.  

Additionally,
ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets
and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal
sanctions.  

Future
strategic alliances or acquisitions may not be successful and may have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation
and results of operations.  

We
may enter into strategic alliances, including joint ventures or minority equity investments, with various third parties to further
our business purpose from time to time. These alliances could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with
sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third party and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances,
any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. We may have limited ability to monitor or control the actions of
these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third parties suffers negative publicity or harm to their reputation
from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association
with any such third party.  

In
addition, although we have no immediate acquisition plans, if appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire additional assets,
products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our existing business. Future acquisitions and the subsequent integration
of new assets and businesses into our own would require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion
of resources from our existing business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Acquired assets
or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of
cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization
expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs
of identifying and consummating acquisitions may be significant. In addition to possible stockholders  approval, we may
also have to obtain approvals and licenses from relevant government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable
laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs.  

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to obtain additional financing, may be adversely
affected by downturn in the global economy.  

The
global financial markets have experienced significant disruptions over the past ten years and the recovery from the lows of 2008
and 2009 has been uneven. There is considerable uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal
policies adopted by the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies. There have also
been concerns over unrest in the Middle East and Africa, which have resulted in volatility in oil and other markets. We may be
affected by economic downturns. A prolonged slowdown in the world economy may lead to a reduced amount of mobile internet
advertising, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

Moreover,
a slowdown or disruption in the global economy may have a material and adverse impact on financings available to us. The weakness
in the economy could erode investor confidence, which constitutes the basis of the credit market. Turmoil affecting the financial
markets and banking system may significantly restrict our ability to obtain financing in the capital markets or from financial
institutions on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.  

The
reporting requirements associated with our being a public company will subject us to significant expenses.  

As
a result of the Spin-Off in June 2016, we became a public reporting company and are required to file with the Securities and Exchange
Commission reports required by the Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, among other requirements, we need to file quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, annual reports on Form 10-K and under some circumstances, current reports on Form 8-K, in accordance with strict
timelines. We also are required to file annual proxy materials. In addition, as part of those filings, we are required to provide
annual audited financial statements. Also, we need to establish an internal audit function. We anticipate that compliance with
such requirements will significantly increase our legal and accounting costs and will demand significant attention from management.
The resources and time required to comply with rules applicable to public companies could divert financial and human resources
from focusing on our business, and we can provide no assurance that the benefits of our being public outweigh the disadvantages
and costs associated with compliance. We currently anticipate our total costs to increase by approximately $750,000 to $900,000
a year as a result of being a public reporting company.  Several of the costs included in this estimated range are preliminary,
subject to negotiation, and may vary from the estimates when finalized.  

There
is currently a limited public market for our shares, and if an active market does not develop, investors may have difficulty selling
their shares.  

Our
Class B common stock is currently listed for trading on the NYSE MKT under the symbol  ZDGE , and there is currently
only a limited public trading market for our Class B common stock.  We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest
in us and our Class B common stock will lead to the development or continuance of an active trading market or how liquid that
trading market for our Class B common stock might become. If an active trading market for our Class B common stock does not develop
or is not sustained, it may be difficult for investors to sell shares, particularly large quantities, of our Class B common stock
at a price that is attractive or at all.  As a result, an investment in our Class B common stock may be illiquid and
investors may not be able to liquidate their investment readily or at all when they desire to sell.  

The
trading price of the shares of our Class B common stock is likely to remain volatile, and purchasers of our Class B common stock
could incur substantial losses.  

Our
stock price is likely to remain volatile. The stock market in general and the market for mobile internet companies in particular
have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result
of this volatility, investors may not be able to sell their Class B common stock at or above the price paid for the shares. The
market price for our Class B common stock may be influenced by many factors, including:  

actual
    or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results;     

changes
    in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock;   

conditions
    or trends in our industry;   

stock
    market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that operate in the advertising,
    internet or media industries;   

announcements
    by us or our competitors of new product or service offerings, significant acquisitions,   

strategic
    partnerships or divestitures;   

announcements
    of investigations or regulatory scrutiny of our operations or lawsuits filed against us;   

capital
    commitments;   

additions
    or departures of key personnel; and   

sales
    of our Class B common stock common stock, including sales by our directors and officers or specific stockholders.   

In
addition, in the past, stockholders have initiated class action lawsuits against technology companies following periods of volatility
in the market prices of these companies' stock. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could cause us to incur substantial
costs and divert management's attention and resources.  

We
are controlled by our principal stockholder, which limits the ability of other stockholders to affect our management.  

Michael Jonas is our majority stockholder and a
director, and, as of October 25, 2016, has voting power over 1,802,895 shares of our Class B common stock (which includes
524,775 shares of our Class A common stock, which are convertible into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1
basis, and 1,278,120 shares of our Class B common stock), representing approximately 69.2% of the combined voting power
of our outstanding capital stock. Mr. Jonas is able to control matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including
the election of all of the directors and the approval of significant corporate matters, including any merger, consolidation
or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. As a result, the ability of any of our other stockholders to influence our
management is limited. See Item 9B   Other Information, below. 

We
exercised our option for the  controlled company  exemption under NYSE MKT rules with respect to our Nominating Committee.  

We
are a  controlled company  as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE MKT Company Guide because more than 50% of the
combined voting power of all of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by a single stockholder. As a  controlled
company,  we are exempt from certain NYSE MKT rules requiring a board of directors with a majority of independent members,
a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a nominating committee composed entirely of independent
directors. These independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting
interest that could influence their actions as directors. We applied this  controlled company  exemption for our corporate
governance practices only with respect to the independence requirements of our Nominating Committee. Accordingly, with respect
to our Nominating Committee you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all
of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE MKT, and if we were to apply the controlled company exemption to other independence
requirements, you would not have the protection afforded by those requirements either.  

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable research about our business, our stock price and
trading volume could decline.  

The
trading market for our common Class B common stock relies in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish
about us and our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by equity research analysts. Equity
research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our Class B common stock, and such lack of research coverage may
adversely affect the market price of our Class B common stock. In the event we do receive equity research analyst coverage, we
will not have any control over the analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of our stock could
decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade our stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one
or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock
could decrease, which in turn could cause our stock price and/or trading volume to decline.    

Our
Class B common stock is deemed to be a  penny stock,  which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their
shares due to suitability requirements.  

The
Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that define a  penny stock,  generally, to be an equity
security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share.  The price of our Class B common stock has been less
than $5.00 per share for a significant amount of the time since it started publicly trading in June 2016 and was less than $5.00
per share on October 7, 2016, and is therefore considered a  penny stock.   This designation requires any
broker or dealer buying our securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain a written agreement
from the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities given the increased risks
generally inherent in penny stocks. These rules may restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to buy or sell our Class B common
stock, either directly or on behalf of their clients, may discourage potential shareholders from purchasing our Class B common
stock, or may adversely affect the ability of shareholders to sell their shares.  

Our
results of operations may be subject to wide fluctuations due to a number of factors, which may adversely affect the trading price
of our Class B common stock.  

We
may experience seasonality and other fluctuations in our business, reflecting fluctuations in mobile internet and smartphone usage
and advertising. Revenues from mobile application products and services are typically higher in the fourth quarter of the calendar
year due to increased year-end advertising and marketing budgets. Conversely, we generally experience lower advertising revenues
during the first quarter of the calendar year due to weaker advertising spend following the holidays. Thus, our operating results
in one or more future quarters or years may fluctuate substantially or fall below the expectations of securities analysts and
investors. In such event, the trading price of our Class B common stock may fluctuate significantly.  

We
may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation from IDT, and the separation could harm our business.  

We
may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation from IDT via the Spin-Off,
or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The separation from IDT is expected to provide the following benefits, among
others: enhanced strategic and management focus; better ability to form strategic partnerships and relationships; faster decision-making;
more efficient allocation of capital; alignment of incentives with performance objectives; direct access to the capital markets;
and a distinct investment identity.  

We
may not achieve these and other anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons, including, among others:  

we
    may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if we were still a part of IDT;   

our
    business will be less diversified than IDT s business prior to the separation; and   

the
    other actions required to separate the respective businesses could disrupt our operations.   

If
we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the separation from IDT, or if such benefits are delayed,
our business could be harmed.  

If
we are unable to attract and retain highly qualified employees, we may not be able to grow effectively.  

Our
ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our employees. Such employees, particularly product
managers, designers and engineers, are in high demand, and we devote significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully
integrating and retaining these employees. The loss of employees or the inability to hire additional skilled employees as necessary
could result in significant disruptions to our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming
and expensive and cause additional disruptions to our business.  

We
believe that two critical components of our success are our ability to retain our best people by preserving our culture and maintaining
competitive compensation practices. As we continue to grow rapidly, and we develop the infrastructure of a public company, we
may find it difficult to maintain our entrepreneurial, execution-focused culture. In addition, some of our employees are able
to receive material proceeds from sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to continue to
work for us.  

Item 2.  Properties   

Our
principal executive office is located in leased premises comprising approximately 500 square feet of space in New York City. This
location currently houses commercial operations including sales, marketing, business development and advertising operations. Our
Trondheim, Norway facility has approximately 11,000 square feet of space, accommodates our product, design and technology teams
and is under lease through 2018. We entered into a lease in October 2014 for approximately 400 square feet of office space in
Helsinki, Finland, where we employ a satellite development center. Our servers are hosted in leased data centers in different
geographic locations in the U.S. These data centers are owned and maintained by a third party data center provider.  

Item 3.  Legal
Proceedings   

On
August 9, 2012, Blue Spike LLC filed a patent infringement lawsuit against one of our suppliers and us in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Blue Spike alleged that we were infringing four patents related to automatic content
recognition technologies, provided to us by a supplier.  The case was bifurcated, with the plaintiff s case proceeding
solely against the supplier, and proceedings in the case against us, a customer, being stayed entirely until after the litigation
against the supplier concluded.  On September 8, 2015, the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California, in a co-pending case, found asserted claims of the patents in suit to be invalid for lack of patentable subject matter. 
On May 31, 2016, the District Court entered summary judgment of non-infringement as to the supplier s technology, and, on
July 12, 2016, the Court entered an order, amongst other things, dismissing, with prejudice, the patent infringement claims against
all the defendants including us.  

In
March 2014, Saregama India, Limited filed a lawsuit against us before the Barasat District Court, seeking approximately $1,595,700
as damages and an injunction for copyright infringement. The main ground for the lawsuit was that we allegedly avail the plaintiff s
sound recordings through our platform with full knowledge that the sound recordings have been uploaded and are being communicated
to the public without obtaining any license from the plaintiff. We believe that material liability on the matter is remote
as we have a strong case to present before the Court.  

We
may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there can
be no assurance in this regard, we do not expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

Item
4.  Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not
applicable.  

PART II   

Item 5.  Market
for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

Class
B Common Stock   

Our
Class B common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange MKT LLC under the trading symbol ZDGE. Trading commenced on the
NYSE MKT on June 1, 2016.  

On October 7, 2016, there were 311 holders of record of
our Class B common stock and 1 holder of record of our Class A common stock. As of October 25, 2016, all shares of Class A common
stock are beneficially owned by Michael Jonas. See Item 9B   Other Information, below. The number of holders of record of
our Class B common stock does not include the number of persons whose shares are in nominee or in  street name  accounts
through brokers. On October 7, 2016, the last sales price reported on the New York Stock Exchange MKT for the Class B common stock
was $3.22 per share. 

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability (after satisfying all of our
operational needs) and retain certain minimum cash reserves. Distributions will be subject to the need to retain earnings for
investment in growth opportunities or the acquisition of complementary assets. The payment of dividends in any specific period
will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors.  

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting,
which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated
by reference herein.  

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities   

We
received $9,000 from the exercise of stock options in both fiscal 2016 and 2015. At July 31, 2016, we had a receivable for the
exercise of stock options of $56,000 that was received in August 2016.  

In
connection with the Spin-Off, in May 2016, certain of our equity holders purchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our Class
B common stock for $3 million at a pre-investment valuation of us of $27 million.  

Issuer
Repurchases of Equity Securities   

None.  

Item
6.  Selected Financial Data.   

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.  

Item
7.  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.   

This
Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements that contain the words  believes,   anticipates, 
 expects,   plans,   intends  and similar words and phrases. These forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results projected in any
forward-looking statement. In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, other important factors,
risks and uncertainties that could result in those differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A
to Part I  Risk Factors  in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Annual
Report, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could
differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should consult all of the information set forth in this
report and the other information set forth from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including our reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K.  

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item
8 of this Annual Report.  

Overview   

We
provide one of the most popular content platforms, worldwide, centered on self-expression, attracting both creators looking to
promote their content and consumers who utilize such content to express their identity, feelings, tastes and interests. Today
our platform enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen
app icons and notification sounds. Our smartphone app, available in Google Play and iTunes app stores, has been installed over
216 million times, has more than 31 million monthly active users and has averaged among the top 25 free applications in the Google
Play store in the U.S. for the past six years and in the top 15 most popular free apps in the iTunes Entertainment category. We
have grown our user base without material investment in marketing, user acquisition or advertising.  

We generate over 90% of our revenues from selling our advertising
inventory to advertising networks/exchanges, real time bidding platforms, and game publishers. Advertising networks/exchanges
are technology platforms that facilitate the buying and selling of media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks. Advertisers
are attracted to us because of our sizable and growing user base; user demographics; non-incentivized acquisition platform specifically
for mobile game publishers; and our focus on mobile phone personalization. The remainder of our revenue is primarily generated
from managing and optimizing advertising inventory for a third-party app publisher, as well as revenue billing, collection and
reporting with respect to the advertising. 

A
key element in maintaining our position is our ability to meet user s expectations which necessitates retaining employees
with solid educational and professional credentials who are passionate about us and our mission to serve as a medium for self-expression.  

We
must offer advertisers exposure to an active and engaged user base with attractive demographic characteristics.  

Our
ability to continue to present advertisers with a compelling platform depends on continued growth of our user base, increased
app usage and improved retention, which will require ongoing investment in product and technology and increased marketing efforts.
Our growth plan also depends on improved monetization techniques and selective strategic investments and acquisitions.  

We
believe that our business model is scalable and allows for significant portions of revenue growth to flow to our bottom line.  

Reportable
Segments   

Our
business consists of one reportable segment.  

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES   

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. Critical accounting policies are those that require application of management s most subjective or complex
judgments, often as a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Our critical accounting
policies include those related to capitalized software and technology development costs, revenue recognition and goodwill. Management
bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in this Annual Report for a complete discussion of our significant accounting policies.  

Capitalized
software and technology development costs   

Software
and technology development activities generally fall into three stages:  

1.     Planning
                                         stage activities  include developing a project or business plan that outlines the
                                         goals for the content distribution platform or new product or service; determining the
                                         functionality; identifying hardware and software applications that will achieve functionality,
                                         security, and traffic flows; and selecting the internal resources that will be assigned
                                         to the project as well as the external vendors where applicable.   

2 .     Application
                                         and infrastructure development stage activities  focus on acquiring or developing
                                         hardware and software to operate a content distribution platform or new product and service;
                                         and   

3.     Post-Implementation/Operating
                                         stage activities  address training, administration, maintenance, and all other activities
                                         to operate an existing content distribution platform or new product or service.    

During
the Planning Stage, we charge all costs to expense as incurred.   

During
the Application and Infrastructure Development Stage, capitalization of costs begins when the project has been properly authorized
and is probable of completion (if a project is subsequently cancelled prior to placement in service, costs that have been capitalized
to date will be reviewed for potential impairment). Capitalization ceases no later than the point at which a computer software
project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Amortization begins for each project when the code is ready
for use, whether or not it is actually placed in service at that time (an exception being if the project s functionality
completely depends on the completion of another project; then, amortization begins when that project is ready for use).  

During
the Post-Implementation/Operation Stage, training costs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. However, upgrades and
enhancements, defined as modifications to existing internal-use software that result in additional functionality (modifications
to enable the software to perform tasks that it was previously incapable of performing, normally requiring new software specifications
and perhaps a change to all or part of the existing software specifications) are treated as though they were new projects, and
are assessed utilizing the same stages and criteria on a project by project basis. As such, internal costs incurred for upgrades
and enhancements are expensed or capitalized based on the requirements noted above, while costs incurred for maintenance are expensed
as incurred. These projects are tracked individually, such that the beginning and ending of the capitalization can be appropriately
established, as well as the amounts capitalized therein.  

Amortization
of these costs is included in depreciation and amortization in the Statement of Comprehensive Income.  

Revenue
Recognition   

We
generate over 90% of our revenues from selling our advertising inventory to advertising networks/exchanges, real time bidding
platforms, and game publishers. We recognize advertising revenue as advertisements are delivered to users through impressions
or ad views, as long as evidence of the arrangement with the payer exists (generally through an executed contract), the price
is fixed and determinable, and we have assessed collectability as reasonably assured. The advertiser may compensate us on a cost-per-impression,
cost-per-click, cost-per-action or cost-per-install basis.   

We
generally report our revenue net of amounts due to agencies and brokers because we are not the primary obligor in the relevant
arrangements, we do not finalize the pricing, and we do not establish or maintain a direct relationship with the advertiser. Certain
advertising arrangements that are directly between us and advertisers are recognized gross equal to the price paid to us by the
customer since we are the primary obligor and we determine the price. Any third party costs related so such direct relationships
are recognized as direct cost of revenues.  

Goodwill   

Goodwill
is deemed to have an indefinite life and is not amortized. Goodwill is reviewed annually (or more frequently under various conditions)
for impairment using a fair value approach.  

The
goodwill impairment assessment involves estimating the fair value of our reporting unit and comparing it to its carrying amount,
which is known as Step 1. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, Step 2 is performed to
determine if an impairment of goodwill is required. We estimate the fair value of our reporting unit using discounted cash flow
methodologies, as well as considering third party market value indicators. Goodwill impairment is measured by the excess of the
carrying amount of the reporting unit s goodwill over its implied fair value.  

We
have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative
goodwill impairment test. However, we may elect to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test even if no indications
of a potential impairment exist.  

For our annual impairment tests, our estimated fair value
substantially exceeded our carrying value in Step 1, therefore, it was not necessary to perform Step 2. Calculating the fair value
of the reporting unit, and allocating the estimated fair value to all of the tangible assets, intangible assets and liabilities,
requires significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should our estimates or assumptions regarding the fair value of
our reporting unit prove to be incorrect, we may be required to record impairment of goodwill in future periods and such impairment
could be material. 

RECENT
ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED   

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board , or  FASB, issued an Accounting
Standards Update, or ASU, that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For receivables,
loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model that generally
will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses,
entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2020. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard
will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. We will adopt the new standard on August 1,
2017. We are evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU related to the accounting for leases. The new standard establishes a right-of-use, or ROU,
model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer
than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense
recognition in the income statement. We will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach
is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative
period presented in the financial statements, with certain practical expedients available. We are currently evaluating the impact
that the new standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.  

In
May 2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard
that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP and  International
Financial Reporting Standards, or  IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition project were to clarify and converge the revenue
recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that would streamline and enhance revenue recognition
requirements. To accomplish this objective, the standard requires five basic steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer,
(ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance
obligation. We will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have the option of using either a full retrospective or modified
retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. We are evaluating the impact that the standard will have on our consolidated
financial statements.  

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS   

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2016 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended
July 31, 2015 

nm not
meaningful  

Revenues.   Revenues
increased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to growth of both Android and iOS users. Monthly Active Users, or MAU, increased
by 10.3% to 31.1 million at July 31, 2016 from 28.2 million at July 31, 2015. MAU is a performance indicator that captures the
number of unique users that opened our app in the previous 30-day period. Our install count, that is the number of times the Zedge
app has been installed on devices, increased to 216.4 million at July 31, 2016 from 159.6 million a year ago. Our active install
count, that is devices on which we estimate that the Zedge app is currently installed, increased to 92.3 million at July 31, 2016
from 73.4 million a year ago. Active installs are important because we can market to these devices via push notifications. Other
contributors to the revenue growth included: initiatives to increase app usage via marketing automation; translating the app into
two more languages, Russian and Indonesian, rounding out the total number of languages that we support to eleven and opening
our iOS inventory to additional buyers, increasing the demand for our advertising inventory and resulting in higher pricing accordingly.
 Also in mid-April 2016, we launched Zedge 5.0 on Android, which provided an overhaul of the user interface consistent with
Google s material design guidelines. In addition, we started testing a content marketing capability that bundles together
themed content, which we promoted to our users. We ve successfully tested this concept with the launch of Wynonna Earp on
television and The Little Prince in movie theatres in Canada. The increase in revenues in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015
was partially offset by a 2.2% decrease in our average revenue per monthly active user, or ARPMAU, to $0.0269 in fiscal 2016 from
$0.0275 ARPMAU in fiscal 2015. ARPMAU decreased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to our app being temporarily
removed from the iTunes Store in late January 2016 which lowered the revenue per user that we were able to generate as well as
our decision to reduce our investments in Game Channel which resulted in a decline in game installs where we are paid on a  cost
per install  basis. We relaunched our app on iTunes with wallpapers only in March 2016. Offsetting the decline in ARPMAU,
we experienced an increase in ad volume and along with higher eCPMs, or effective cost per thousand impressions, which is the
amount that advertisers are willing to pay for our ad inventory.  

Direct cost of revenues. The increase in direct cost of
revenues in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was attributable to the growth in our revenues and was attributable to the fees
that we pay to third parties that provide us with internet hosting, content filtering and marketing automation services. Our direct
cost of revenues grew at a slower pace than our revenues as a result of implementing core technology and network changes resulting
in more favorable pricing on certain direct costs of revenues. Conversely, the costs associated with content filtering and push
notification marketing increased as a result of both the complete rollout on Android and the expanding customer base. 

Selling, general and administrative expense .
Selling, general and administrative expense consists mainly of payroll, benefits, facilities, marketing, content acquisition and
consulting and professional fees. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
2015 was partially due to a $1.0 million increase in payroll and benefits, which included both salary and bonus increases as well
as an increase in headcount from 51 employees at July 31, 2015 to 54 employees at July 31, 2016. During fiscal 2016, we hired
engineers, designers and marketing personnel who focused on enhancing our content delivery platform, building and testing new
product initiatives and increasing user engagement. We also incurred higher consulting and professional fees as a result of preparing
for the Spin-Off as well as recruitment costs in Norway to locate and retain employees, and higher facilities costs to seat our
newly hired employees. These expenses increased an aggregate of $0.5 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.  

While
many of the costs of being a public company were already borne by us either directly or by allocation of corporate overhead from
IDT, we need to have the proper infrastructure in place to perform the necessary, legal, treasury, accounting, internal audit
and reporting functions. We anticipate our total costs will increase by $750,000 to $900,000 per year as a result of the
Spin-Off. Several of the costs included in this estimated range are preliminary, subject to negotiation, and may vary from the
estimates when finalized.  

Depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization consists mainly of amortization of capitalized software and technology development
costs of our internal developers on various projects that we invested in specific to the various platforms on which we operate
our service.  

Write-off
of capitalized software and technology development costs. In fiscal 2016, we decided not to launch two projects that were
in development. Since these abandoned projects do not have any future benefit, we expensed the capitalized software and technology
development costs for these projects.  

Net
(loss) gain resulting from foreign exchange transactions.  Net (loss) gain resulting from foreign exchange transactions
are comprised of losses and gains generated from movements in Norwegian Krone, or NOK, relative to the U.S. Dollar. In addition,
in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015, we had losses of $142,000 and $58,000, respectively, from hedging activities.  

Provision
for income taxes. The decrease in the provision for income taxes in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was due to the jurisdiction
in which income was reported in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and our ability to use net operating losses in those jurisdictions.  

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES  

  At
July 31, 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents of $6.0 million and working capital (current assets less current liabilities)
of $6.1 million. We currently expect that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, and our cash from operations will be sufficient
to meet our anticipated cash requirements during fiscal 2017.  

Operating
Activities  

Our
cash flow from operations varies significantly from quarter to quarter and from year to year, depending on our operating results
and the timing of operating cash receipts and payments, specifically trade accounts receivable and trade accounts payable. Cash
provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to the continued growth in our revenues. We anticipate
that our total operating costs will increase by $750,000 to $900,000 per year as a result of being a public reporting company.
Several of the costs included in this estimated range are preliminary, subject to negotiation, and may vary from the estimates
when finalized.  

In
September 2016, we were notified that the Zedge Europe AS tax returns for 2013 and 2014 were going to be audited by the tax authorities
in Norway. The audit is expected to begin in November 2016. Amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount ultimately assessed
against us could be greater than the accrued amount. Accordingly, provisions may be recorded in the future as estimates are revised
or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result of tax audits could have an adverse effect
on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.  

Investing
Activities  

Cash
used in investing activities in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 consisted mostly of capitalized software and technology development
costs related to various projects that we invested in specific to the various platforms on which we operate our service.  

Financing
Activities  

We
received $9,000 from the exercise of stock options in both fiscal 2016 and 2015. At July 31, 2016, we had a receivable for the
exercise of stock options of $56,000 that was received in August 2016.  

In
connection with the Spin-Off, in May 2016, certain of our equity holders purchased Class B common stock representing approximately
10.0% of our capital stock for $3 million.  

As
of September 27, 2016, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank for a revolving credit facility
of up to $2.5 million. Advances under this facility may not exceed the lesser of $2.5 million or 80% of our eligible accounts
receivable subject to certain concentration limits. The revolving credit facility is secured by a lien on substantially all of
our assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum at the greater of 3.5% or the prime rate plus 1.25%. Interest is
payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on the maturity date of September 27,
2018. We are required to pay an annual facility fee of $12,500 to Western Alliance Bank. We are also required to comply with various
affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial ratios during the term of the revolving credit facility,
including we may not pay any dividend on our capital stock. We may terminate this agreement at any time without penalty or premium
provided that we pay down any outstanding principal, accrued interest and bank expenses.  

We
do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock until we achieve sustainable profitability and retain certain minimum cash
reserves. The payment of dividends in any specific period will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors.  

Changes
in Trade Accounts Receivable  

Gross
trade accounts receivable increased to $1.7 million at July 31, 2016 from $1.6 million at July 31, 2015 primarily due to the continued
growth in our revenues. Our cash collections in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 were $12.8 million and $9.6 million, respectively.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk and Significant Customers  

Historically,
we have had very little or no bad debt, which is common with other platforms of our size that derive their revenue from digital
advertising, as we aggressively manage our collections and perform due diligence on our customers. In addition, the majority of
our revenue is derived from large, credit-worthy customers (e.g. MoPub (owned by Twitter), Millennial Media (owned by AOL, which
is owned by Verizon), Google, Facebook, and Amazon) and we terminate our services with smaller customers immediately upon balances
becoming past due. Since these smaller customers rely on us to derive their own revenue, they generally pay their outstanding
balances on a timely basis.  

In fiscal 2016, three customers represented 45%, 20% and
13% of our revenue, and at July 31, 2016, one customer represented 62% of our accounts receivable balance. In fiscal 2015, two
customers represented 37%, and 25% of our revenue, and at July 31, 2015, three customers represented 55%, 13% and 12% of our accounts
receivable balance. All of these significant customers were advertising exchanges operated by leading companies, and the receivables
represent many smaller amounts due from advertisers. 

CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS   

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.  

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   

At
July 31, 2016, we did not have any  off-balance sheet arrangements,  as defined in relevant SEC regulations that are
reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures
or capital resources, other than the following.  

In connection with our Spin-Off, we and IDT entered into
various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect the separation and provide
a framework for our relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Tax Separation Agreement, which sets forth the responsibilities
of us and IDT with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before
and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding
taxes for such periods. Pursuant to Separation and Distribution Agreement, among other things, we indemnify IDT and IDT indemnifies
us for losses related to the failure of the other to pay, perform or otherwise discharge, any of the liabilities and obligations
set forth in the agreement. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things, IDT indemnifies us from all liability
for taxes of ours and any of our subsidiaries or relating to our business with respect to taxable periods ending on or before
the Spin-Off, and we indemnify IDT from all liability for taxes of ours and any of our subsidiaries or relating to our business
accruing after the Spin-Off. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we are responsible for, and IDT has no obligation to indemnify us
for, any tax liability of ours resulting from an audit, examination or other proceeding related to any tax returns that relate
solely to us and our subsidiaries regardless of whether such tax return relates to a period prior to or following the Spin-Off. 

Item
7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks.   

Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item.  

Item
8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.    

The
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the report of the independent registered public accounting firm thereon starting
on page F-1 are included herein.  

Item
9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.    

Not applicable. 

Item
9A.  Controls and Procedures.   

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures    

Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), as of the end of the period
covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, as a result of the material weaknesses described in Item No.
1A Risk Factors to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on June 1, 2016, that were remediated as of July 31, 2016, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of July 31, 2016.  

Our independent registered public accounting firm has not
conducted an audit of our internal controls over financial reporting. However, in connection with the audit of our consolidated
financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2015, we and our independent registered public accounting firm
identified three material weaknesses relating to Financial Reporting, Account Reconciliations and Segregation of Duties, which
resulted in material audit adjustments. 

Financial
Reporting  

As
a subsidiary of IDT our results were immaterial to IDT s books and records. As such we did not maintain a sufficient complement
of personnel (either directly or through services provided by IDT) with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, experience,
and training in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial reporting requirements and business environment.  

Account
Reconciliations  

Account
reconciliations historically were not performed for all significant accounts or performed on a timely basis. This did not impact
IDT s books and records but was material to us on a stand-alone basis. We needed to establish internal controls to identify
and detect material misstatements using a stand-alone materiality level.  

Segregation
of Duties  

With
the size of our company, segregation of duties issues would inherently exist. The preparer and reviewer was the same for many
journal entries recorded in the general ledger.  

Remediation
of Material Weaknesses  

In order to remediate the material weaknesses, we rely on
IDT, under a services arrangement with greater service levels than were provided by IDT historically, to provide us with an adequate
allotment of its existing resources with technical accounting expertise. We and IDT designed review and monitoring procedures
in IDT s accounting and finance organization and identified and implemented improved processes and controls to satisfy our
higher level of requirements. We believe that these measures are adequate to address the material weaknesses that existed at July
31, 2015. However, we did not test the effectiveness of the changes for this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We will test the effectiveness
during the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and not IDT, are responsible
for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting. We
will continue to evaluate and monitor our services arrangement with IDT and will take all appropriate action when and as necessary
to ensure we have effective internal controls over financial reporting. 

Reports
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting  

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report on management's assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or Section 404, a newly public company is not required to comply with either the management or the auditor reporting
requirements related to internal control over financial reporting until its second annual report, if applicable. As such we will
be required to include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report beginning
with our annual report for the fiscal year ending July 31, 2017.  

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the SEC for
newly public companies. In addition, as long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we are exempt for the next five years
from the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act unless we qualify as a large accelerated
filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting    

As
described above, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 we made changes in our internal control over financial reporting that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In addition,
we have begun the process of documenting, reviewing and, as appropriate, improving our internal controls and procedures in anticipation
of becoming subject to the SEC rules concerning internal control over financial reporting, which take effect beginning with the
filing of our second Annual Report on Form 10-K (which will be due in October 2017).  

Item
9B.  Other Information.    

Changes of Control of Registrant  

By way of a series of transfers completed on October 25, 2016,
Debbie Jonas, as trustee of trusts for the benefit of the Jonas children, and Howard Jonas transferred an aggregate of 524,775
shares of our Class A common stock and 1,278,120 shares of our Class B Common Stock, valued at $2,517,703, to Michael Jonas, son
of Howard and Debbie Jonas. A trust for the benefit of Michael Jonas transferred other companies  equities of an equivalent
value to Howard Jonas in exchange for these shares. Each of Michael Jonas and Howard Jonas has been a director of ours since May
23, 2016. As of October 25, 2016, Michael Jonas beneficially owned all 524,775 outstanding shares of our Class A common stock,
and 1,278,740 shares of our Class B common stock. The Class A common stock is entitled to three votes per share and is convertible
into shares of our Class B common stock on a 1-for-1 basis. The Class B common stock is entitled to 1/10 of a vote per share. As
of October 25, 2016, Michael Jonas controlled 69.2% of the combined voting power of our outstanding capital stock. As of
October 25, 2016, Howard Jonas beneficially owned 142,867 shares of our Class B common stock (representing 0.6% of the combined
voting power of our outstanding capital stock), 60,326 of which he purchased in the open market during October 2016. 

There is no arrangement or understanding between the Company and
Howard Jonas or Michael Jonas with respect to the election of our directors or other matters, nor is the Company aware of any
such arrangements between Howard Jonas and Michael Jonas. 

PART III   

Item
10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant, and Corporate Governance   

The
following is a list of our directors and executive officers along with the specific information required by Rule 14a-3 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934:  

Executive
Officers   

Tom
Arnoy - Chief Executive Officer  

  Jonathan
Reich - Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer  

Directors   

Marie
Therese Carney  

  Mark
Ghermezian  

  Stephen
Greenberg  

  Howard
S. Jonas  

  Michael
Jonas  

The
remaining information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated
by reference herein.  

Corporate
Governance   

We
have included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K certificates of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
certifying the quality of our public disclosure.  

We
make available free of charge through the investor relations page of our web site ( investor.zedge.net ) our Annual Reports
on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and all beneficial
ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by directors, officers and beneficial owners of more than 10% of our equity, as soon
as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have adopted
codes of business conduct and ethics for all of our employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer. Copies of the codes of business conduct and ethics are available on our web site.  

Our
web site and the information contained therein or incorporated therein are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report
on Form 10-K or our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  

Item 11.  Executive
Compensation   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference
herein.  

Item
12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference
herein.  

Item
13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference
herein.  

Item 14.  Principal
Accounting Fees and Services   

The
information required by this Item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for our Annual Stockholders Meeting, which will be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after July 31, 2016, and which is incorporated by reference
herein.  

PART
IV   

Item
15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.   

(a)    The
                                         following documents are filed as part of this Report:    

1.  
      Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements   

Consolidated
    Financial Statements covered by Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

2.  
      Financial
    Statement Schedule.   

All
    schedules have been omitted since they are either included in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements or not required
    or not applicable.   

3 . 
      Exhibits.
    Exhibit Numbers 10.1, 10.7, 10.8 and 10.9 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.   

The
    exhibits listed in paragraph (b) of this item are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K.   

Certain
    of the agreements filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K contain representations and warranties by the parties to the agreements
    that have been made solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement. These representations and warranties:   

may
    have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other parties in connection with the negotiation of the agreements,
    which disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreements;   

may
    apply standards of materiality that differ from those of a reasonable investor; and   

were
    made only as of specified dates contained in the agreements and are subject to subsequent developments and changed circumstances.   

Accordingly,
    these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date that these representations
    and warranties were made or at any other time. Investors should not rely on them as statements of fact.   

(b)    Exhibits.    

Exhibit 
         Number  
       
      Description
    of Exhibits   

10.8(1)  
       
      Form
    of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement   

10.9(1)  
       
      Form
    of Restricted Stock Agreement   

21.01*  
       
      Subsidiaries
    of the Registrant   

23.01*  
       
      Consent
    of BDO USA, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

31.01*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

31.02*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.01*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

32.02*  
       
      Certification
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002   

101.INS*  
       
      XBRL
    Instance Document   

101.SCH*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document   

101.CAL*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document   

101.DEF*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document   

101.LAB*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document   

101.PRE*  
       
      XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document   

*    filed
                                         herewith.    

SIGNATURES   

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual
Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

ZEDGE,
    INC.   

By:  
      /s/
    Jonathan Reich   

Jonathan
                                         Reich   
           Chief Financial Officer     

Date:
October 26, 2016  

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.  

Signature  
         
      Titles  
         
      Date   

/s/
    Tom Arnoy  
         
      Chief
    Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)    
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Tom
    Arnoy   

/s/
    Jonathan Reich  
         
      Chief
    Financial Officer  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Jonathan
    Reich   
         
      (Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)    

/s/
    Marie Therese Carney  
         
      Director  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Marie
    Therese Carney   

/s/
    Mark Ghermezian  
         
      Director  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Mark
    Ghermezian   

/s/
    Stephen Greenberg  
         
      Director  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Stephen
    Greenberg   

/s/
    Howard S. Jonas  
         
      Director  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Howard
    S. Jonas   

/s/
    Michael Jonas  
         
      Director  
         
      October 26,
    2016   
 
       Michael
    Jonas   

29 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

ZEDGE,
INC.  

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  

  Board
of Directors and Stockholders  

  Zedge,
Inc.  

  New
York, New York  

  We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Zedge, Inc. (the  Company ) as of July 31, 2016 and 2015
and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders  equity, and cash flows for the years then
ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  

  We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.  

  In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of Zedge, Inc. at July 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended , 
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

  /s/
BDO USA, LLP  

  Woodbridge,
New Jersey  

  October
26, 2016  

ZEDGE,
INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
 (in thousands, except par value)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

ZEDGE,
INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
 (in thousands, except per share data)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

ZEDGE,
INC.  
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  
 (in thousands)  

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

ZEDGE,
INC.   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS   
  (in thousands)   

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.  

ZEDGE,
INC.  
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  

  Note
1 Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies  

  Description
of Business  

  Zedge,
Inc. (the  Company ), a Delaware corporation, was incorporated in 2008.  The
Company s platform enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers,
home screen app icons and notification sounds.  The Company conducts business as one operating segment.  

  The
consolidated financial statements include all of the accounts of the Company and Zedge Europe AS, a Norwegian corporation. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  

  The
Company s Spin-Off  

The Company was
formerly a majority-owned subsidiary of IDT Corporation ( IDT ). On June 1, 2016, IDT s interest in the Company
was spun-off by IDT to IDT s stockholders and the Company became an independent public company through a pro rata distribution
of the Company s common stock held by IDT to IDT s stockholders (the  Spin-Off ). As a result of the Spin-Off,
each of IDT s stockholders received: (i) one share of the Company s Class A common stock for every three shares of
IDT s Class A common stock held of record on May 26, 2016 (the  Record Date ), and (ii) one share of the Company s
Class B common stock for every three shares of IDT s Class B common stock held of record on the Record Date. On June 1,
2016, 0.5 million shares of the Company s Class A common stock, and 8.8 million shares of the Company s Class B common
stock were issued and outstanding. As part of the Spin-Off, the Company s capital stock was recapitalized (see Note 7).  

The
Company entered into various agreements with IDT prior to the Spin-Off including a Separation and Distribution Agreement to effect
the separation and provide a framework for the Company s relationship with IDT after the Spin-Off, and a Transition Services
Agreement, which provides for certain services to be performed by IDT to facilitate the Company s transition into a separate
publicly-traded company. These agreements provide for, among other things, (1) the allocation between the Company and IDT
of employee benefits, taxes and other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to the Spin-Off, (2) transitional
services to be provided by IDT relating to human resources and employee benefits administration, and (3) finance, accounting,
tax, internal audit, investor relations and legal services to be provided by IDT to the Company following the Spin-Off. In addition,
the Company entered into a Tax Separation Agreement with IDT, which sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and IDT with
respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state, local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Spin-Off,
the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods.  

Basis
of Accounting  

  The
assets and liabilities in the accompanying financial statements are recorded at historical cost. Direct expenses historically
incurred by IDT prior to the Spin-Off on behalf of the Company and Zedge Europe AS are reflected in these financial statements.
The most significant expenses as covered under a Master Services Agreement with IDT were as follows: legal and professional fees,
and salaries and employee benefits were allocated based on specific identification; certain facility costs, travel, and consulting
fees, as well as salaries of personnel in the payroll, human resources, purchasing, accounts payable, treasury, network and telephone
services and legal departments were allocated based on estimates of the incremental cost incurred by IDT; medical and dental benefits
were allocated based on rates similar to COBRA health benefit provision rates charged to former IDT employees; stock-based compensation
and retirement benefits under IDT s defined contribution plan were allocated based on specific identification; and insurance
was allocated based on a combination of headcount and specific policy identification. Management believes that the assumptions
and methods of allocation used were reasonable. However, the costs as allocated were not necessarily indicative of the costs that
would have been incurred if the Company operated on a stand-alone basis. Therefore, the consolidated financial statements included
herein may not necessarily be indicative of the financial position, results of operations, changes in stockholders  equity
and cash flows of the Company to be expected in the future or what they would have been had the Company been a separate stand-alone
entity during the periods presented.  

  Use
of Estimates  

  The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial
statements and accompanying notes. Actual results may differ from those estimates.   

  Revenue
Recognition  

  The
Company generates over 90% of its revenues from selling its advertising inventory to advertising networks/exchanges, real time
bidding platforms, and game publishers. Advertising networks/exchanges are technology platforms that facilitate the buying and
selling of media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks. The Company recognizes advertising revenue as advertisements
are delivered to users through impressions or ad views, as long as evidence of the arrangement with the payer exists (generally
through an executed contract), the price is fixed and determinable, and the Company has assessed collectability as reasonably
assured. The Company generally reports its revenue net of amounts due to agencies and brokers because the Company is not the primary
obligor in the relevant arrangements, it does not finalize the pricing, and it does not establish or maintain a direct relationship
with the advertiser. Certain advertising arrangements that are directly between the Company and advertisers are recognized gross
equal to the price paid to the Company by the customer since the Company is the primary obligor and the Company determines the
price. Any third party costs related to such direct relationships are recognized as direct cost of revenues.  

Concentration
of Credit Risk and Significant Customers  

  Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash, cash equivalents
and trade accounts receivable. The Company holds cash and cash equivalents at several major financial institutions, which may
exceed FDIC insured limits. Historically, the Company has not experienced any losses due to such concentration of credit risk.
The Company s temporary cash investments policy is to limit the dollar amount of investments with any one financial institution
and monitor the credit ratings of those institutions. While the Company may be exposed to credit losses due to the nonperformance
of the holders of its deposits, the Company does not expect the settlement of these transactions to have a material effect on
its results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

  The
Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers. As a result, the Company believes that its accounts receivable
credit risk exposure is limited and has not experienced significant write-downs in its accounts receivable balances. In the year
ended July 31, 2016, three customers represented 45%, 20% and 13% of the Company's revenue, and at July 31, 2016, one customer
represented 62% of the Company s accounts receivable balance. In the year ended July 31, 2015, two customers represented
37%, and 25% of the Company's revenue, and at July 31, 2015, three customers represented 55%, 13% and 12% of the Company s
accounts receivable balance. All of these significant customers were advertising exchanges operated by leading companies, and
the receivables represent many smaller amounts due from advertisers.  

  Direct
Cost of Revenues  

  Direct
cost of revenues for the Company consists primarily of costs associated with the running of the Company s content distribution
platform including hosting, marketing automation and content filtering. Such costs are charged to expense as incurred.  

  Long-Lived
Assets  

  Property
and equipment is recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful lives, which range as follows:
capitalized software and technology development costs 3 years; and other 3, 5, 7, 10 or 20 years. Other is comprised
of furniture and fixtures, office equipment, video conference equipment, computer hardware and computer software.  

  The
Company tests the recoverability of its long-lived assets with finite useful lives whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company tests for recoverability based on the projected
undiscounted cash flows to be derived from such asset. If the projected undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying
value of the asset, the Company will record an impairment loss, if any, based on the difference between the estimated fair value
and the carrying value of the asset. The Company generally measures fair value by considering sale prices for similar assets or
by discounting estimated future cash flows from such asset using an appropriate discount rate. Cash flow projections and fair
value estimates require significant estimates and assumptions by management. Should the estimates and assumptions prove to be
incorrect, the Company may be required to record impairments in future periods and such impairments could be material.  

  Capitalized
Software and Technology Development Costs  

  The
Company accounts for capitalized software and technology development costs in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification
( ASC ) 350-40. These costs consist of internal development costs on various projects that the Company invested in
specific to the various platforms on which the Company operates its service that are capitalized during the application development
stage. Capitalized software and technology development costs are included in property and equipment, net and are amortized over
the estimated useful life of the software, generally three years. All ordinary maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.  

  Goodwill  

  Goodwill
represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible
assets of the business acquired. Under ASC 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other, goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested
for impairment annually, or if certain circumstances indicate a possible impairment may exist. The Company evaluates the recoverability
of goodwill using a two-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. The Company has determined that it has one
reporting unit. In the first step, the fair value for the reporting unit is compared to its book value including goodwill. If
the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its book value, a second step is performed which compares the implied fair value
of the reporting unit s goodwill to the book value of the goodwill. If the fair value of the goodwill is less than the book
value, the difference is recognized as impairment.  

  The
Company s estimated fair value exceeded its carrying value in Step 1 of the Company s annual impairment tests as of
May 1st for the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, therefore it was not necessary to perform Step 2. The Company concluded that
no goodwill impairment existed in the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015. The Company uses a combination of the income approach
(discounted cash flows) and market approach (guideline company method) for its Step 1 analysis.  

  Cash
and Cash Equivalents  

  The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.  

Income
Taxes  

  The
accompanying financial statements include provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes. Prior to the Spin-Off, the Company
was included in consolidated federal income tax returns with IDT and IDT s other subsidiaries. Income taxes in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements were calculated on a separate tax return basis.  

  The
Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. A valuation allowance
is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets depends on the generation of future taxable income during the period in which related temporary
differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable
income and tax planning strategies in its assessment of a valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected
to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date of such change.  

  In
November 2015, the   Financial Accounting Standards
Board ( FASB )  issued an  Accounting Standards Update ( ASU )
 to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes, as well as align the presentation
of deferred income tax assets and liabilities with International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ). The ASU requires
that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified balance sheet instead of separated into current
and noncurrent amounts. The Company adopted this ASU on May 1, 2016. As a result, the Company reclassified deferred income tax
assets of $0.1 million at July 31, 2015 from current to noncurrent.   

  The
Company uses a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The
Company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution
of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position
has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company presumes that the position will be examined by the appropriate
taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition
threshold are measured to determine the amount of tax benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Differences
between tax positions taken in a tax return and amounts recognized in the financial statements will generally result in one or
more of the following: an increase in a liability for income taxes payable, a reduction of an income tax refund receivable, a
reduction in a deferred tax asset, or an increase in a deferred tax liability.  

  The
Company classifies interest and penalties on income taxes as a component of income tax expense.  

  Contingencies  

  The
Company accrues for loss contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements
indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount
of loss can reasonably be estimated. When the Company accrues for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is
within a range, the Company records its best estimate within the range. When no amount within the range is a better estimate than
any other amount, the Company accrues the minimum amount in the range. The Company discloses an estimated possible loss or a range
of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred.  

  Earnings
Per Share  

  Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable to all classes of common stockholders of the Company by the
weighted average number of shares of all classes of common stock outstanding during the applicable period. Diluted earnings per
share is computed in the same manner as basic earnings per share, except that the number of shares is increased to include restricted
stock still subject to risk of forfeiture and to assume exercise of potentially dilutive stock options using the treasury stock
method, unless the effect of such increase is anti-dilutive. The weighted-average number of shares used in the calculation of
basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders consists of the following:  

The
following outstanding stock options were excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share because the exercise price
of the stock options was greater than the average market price of the Company s stock during the period:  

Stock-Based
Compensation  

  The
Company recognizes compensation expense for all of its grants of stock-based awards based on the estimated fair value on
the grant date. Compensation cost for awards is recognized using the straight-line method over the vesting period. Stock-based
compensation is included in selling, general and administrative expense.  

  Fair
Value Measurements  

  Fair
value of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities is defined as an exit price, which is the price that would be received
to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
The three-tier hierarchy for inputs used to measure fair value, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
fair value, is as follows:  

Level 1    
      quoted
    prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.   
 
      Level 2    
      quoted
    prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either
    directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.   
 
      Level 3    
      unobservable
    inputs based on the Company s assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value.   

A
financial asset or liability s classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is
significant to the fair value measurement. The assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
requires judgment, and may affect the valuation of the assets and liabilities being measured and their placement within the fair
value hierarchy.  

  Derivative
Instruments   Foreign Exchange Forward Contracts  

  The
Company s earnings and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily
the  U.S. Dollar    Norwegian Krone ( NOK ) exchange rate. The Company s
risk management policy allows for the use of derivative financial instruments to prudently manage foreign currency exchange rate
exposure. Foreign currency derivative activities are subject to the management, direction and control of the executive management.
Foreign exchange forward contracts are recognized on the consolidated balance sheet at their fair value in  Other current
assets  or  Accrued expenses , and changes in fair value are recognized in  Net (loss) gain resulting
from foreign exchange transactions  in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  

  Functional
Currency  

  The
U.S. Dollar is the Company s functional currency. The functional currency for   Zedge
Europe AS, which  operates outside of the United States, is the NOK, the currency of the
primary economic environment in which it primarily expends cash. The Company translates assets and liabilities denominated in
foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars at the exchange rate in effect as of the financial statement date, and translates accounts
from the statements of comprehensive income using the weighted average exchange rate for the period. Gains or losses resulting
from foreign currency translations are recorded in  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses including gains and losses from currency exchange rate changes related
to intercompany receivables and payables are reported in  Net (loss) gain resulting from foreign exchange transactions 
in the accompanying  consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  

  Allowance
for Doubtful Accounts  

  The
allowance for doubtful accounts reflects the Company s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable
balance. The allowance is determined based on known troubled accounts, historical experience and other currently available evidence.
Doubtful accounts are written-off upon final determination that the trade accounts will not be collected.  

  Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted  

  In
June 2016, the FASB issued an ASU that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain other instruments. For
receivables, loans and other instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking  expected loss  model
that generally will result in the earlier recognition of allowance for losses. For available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized
losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to current practice, except the losses will be recognized as allowances
instead of reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. In addition, an entity will have to disclose significantly more
information about allowances, credit quality indicators and past due securities. The new provisions will be applied as a cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings. The Company will adopt the new standard on August 1, 2020. The Company is evaluating the impact
that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

In
March 2016, the FASB issued an ASU to improve the accounting for employee share-based payments. The new standard simplifies several
aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards
as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company will adopt the new standard on
August 1, 2017. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

  In
February 2016, the  FASB issued an ASU  related to the accounting for leases. The new
standard establishes a right-of-use ( ROU ) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability
on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating,
with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The Company will adopt the new standard
on August 1, 2019. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing
at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements, with certain
practical expedients available. The Company is evaluating the impact that the new standard will have on its consolidated financial
statements.  

  In
May 2014, the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board jointly issued a comprehensive new revenue recognition standard
that will supersede most of the current revenue recognition guidance under U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The goals of the revenue recognition
project were to clarify and converge the revenue recognition principles under U.S. GAAP and IFRS and to develop guidance that
would streamline and enhance revenue recognition requirements. To accomplish this objective, the standard requires five basic
steps: (i) identify the contract with the customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine
the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize revenue
when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company will adopt this standard on August 1, 2018. Entities have
the option of using either a full retrospective or modified retrospective approach for the adoption of the standard. The Company
is evaluating the impact that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.  

  Note
2 Fair Value Measurements   

  The
following table presents the balance of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis:  

Fair
Value of Other Financial Instruments  

  The
Company s other financial instruments at July 31, 2016 and 2015 included trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable
and due to IDT Corporation. The carrying amounts of the trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable and due to IDT Corporation
balances approximated fair value due to their short-term nature. These fair value estimates were classified as Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy.  

  Note
3 Derivative Instruments  

  The
primary risk managed by the Company using derivative instruments is foreign exchange risk. Foreign exchange forward contracts
are entered into as hedges against unfavorable fluctuations in the U.S. Dollar - NOK exchange rate. Subsequent to the Spin-Off,
IDT provides hedging services to Zedge pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement until Zedge establishes a credit facility
and is able to enter into foreign exchange contracts (see Note 11). The Company does not apply hedge accounting to these contracts;
therefore the changes in fair value are recorded in earnings. By using derivative instruments to mitigate exposures to changes
in foreign exchange rates, the Company is exposed to credit risk from the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms
of the contract. The credit or repayment risk is minimized by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties.  

The
outstanding contracts at July 31, 2016 were as follows:  

The
fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were as follows:  

July 31,    (in
    thousands)       
              
      2016            
      2015        
 
      Assets Derivatives:       
      Balance Sheet Location       

Derivatives
    not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments       

Foreign
    exchange forward contracts       
      Other
    current assets       
      $    21            
      $    38        

The
fair value of outstanding derivative instruments recorded as liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets were
as follows:  

July 31,    (in
    thousands)       
              
      2016            
      2015        
 
      Liabilities Derivatives:       
      Balance Sheet Location       

Derivatives
    not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments       

Foreign
    exchange forward contracts       
      Accrued
    expenses       
      $    15            
      $    39        

The
effects of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income were as follows:  

Amount
                                         of Loss Recognized on Derivatives      Year
                                         ended July 31,     (in
                                         thousands)        
              
                2016              
      2015        
 
      Derivatives
    not designated or not qualifying as hedging instruments       
      Statement of Comprehensive
    Income  Location       

Foreign
    exchange forward contracts       
      Net
    (loss) gain resulting from foreign exchange transactions       
      $    (142    )       
      $    (58    )   

Note
4 Property and Equipment  

  Property
and equipment consisted of the following:  

Depreciation
and amortization expense pertaining to property and equipment was $605,000 and $624,000 for the years ended July 31, 2016 and
2015, respectively.  

  In
the year ended July 31, 2016, the Company decided to abandon two software and technology projects that were in development. Since
these abandoned projects do not have any future benefit, the Company expensed $281,000 in the year ended July 31, 2016, representing
the capitalized costs of these projects to date.  

  Note
5 Goodwill  

  The
Company s goodwill related to an acquisition made in a prior period and is carried on the balance sheet of Zedge Europe
AS.  

The
table below reconciles the change in the carrying amount of goodwill for the period from July 31, 2014 to July 31, 2016:  

Note
6 Accrued Expenses  

  Accrued
expenses consist of the following:  

Note
7 Equity  

   Recapitalization
Prior to the Spin-Off   

  As
part of the Spin-Off, the Company s capital stock was recapitalized so that, instead of having a single class of common
stock and two series of preferred stock authorized and outstanding, all such shares were converted into shares of the Company s
Class A common stock and Class B common stock, all options to purchase the Company s common stock became options to purchase
a proportional number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, and the Company has preferred stock authorized, but
no shares of preferred stock are outstanding. The Company s financial statements were retroactively adjusted to reflect
the recapitalization.  

  Class
A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock  

  The
rights of holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical except for certain voting and conversion rights
and restrictions on transferability. The holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock receive identical dividends
per share when and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors. In addition, the holders of Class A common stock and
Class B common stock have identical and equal priority rights per share in liquidation. The Class A common stock and Class B common
stock do not have any other contractual participation rights. The holders of Class A common stock are entitled to three votes
per share and the holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one-tenth of a vote per share. Each share of Class A common
stock may be converted into one share of Class B common stock, at any time, at the option of the holder. Shares of Class A common
stock are subject to certain limitations on transferability that do not apply to shares of Class B common stock.  

  Reclassification
of Mezzanine Equity  

  In
2012, shares of the Company s Series B convertible preferred stock were issued by the Company s Board of Directors
in excess of the number of shares duly authorized by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation. These shares of Series
B convertible preferred stock were classified as mezzanine equity at the original purchase price in the consolidated balance sheet
because they did not meet the definition of permanent equity as a result of the legal imperfections. In February 2016, the Company
prepared and filed a certificate of validation with the State of Delaware for an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
requesting an increase in the number of authorized shares of Series B convertible preferred stock. On February 24, 2016,
the State of Delaware certified this validation, which was effective retroactive to the date of the defective act.  

  Changes
to mezzanine amounts in the years ended July 31, 2015 and 2016 were as follows:  

Equity
Purchase Prior to the Spin-Off  

  In
connection with the Spin-Off, in May 2016, certain of the Company s equity holders purchased Class B common stock representing
approximately 10.0% of the Company s capital stock for $3 million.  

  Note
8 Commitments and Contingencies  

  Legal
Proceedings  

  On
August 9, 2012, Blue Spike LLC filed a patent infringement lawsuit against one of the Company s suppliers and the Company
in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Blue Spike alleged that the Company was infringing four
patents related to automatic content recognition technologies, provided to the Company by a supplier. The case was bifurcated,
with the plaintiff s case proceeding solely against the supplier, and proceedings in the case against the Company, a customer,
being stayed entirely until after the litigation against the supplier concluded. On September 8, 2015, the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California, in a co-pending case, found asserted claims of the patents in suit to
be invalid for lack of patentable subject matter. On May 31, 2016, the District Court entered summary judgment of non-infringement
as to the supplier s technology, and, on July 12, 2016, the Court entered an order, amongst other things, dismissing, with
prejudice, the patent infringement claims against all the defendants including the Company.  

  In March
2014, Saregama India, Limited filed a lawsuit against the Company before the Barasat District Court, seeking approximately $1,595,700
as damages and an injunction for copyright infringement. The main ground for the lawsuit was that the Company allegedly avails
the plaintiff s sound recordings through the Company s platform with full knowledge that the sound recordings have
been uploaded and are being communicated to the public without obtaining any license from the plaintiff. The Company believes
that material liability on the matter is remote.  

The
Company may from time to time be subject to other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although there
can be no assurance in this regard, the Company does not expect any of those legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect
on the Company s results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.  

  Lease
Commitments  

  The
Company s future contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at July 31, 2016 were as follows:  

Rental
expense under operating leases was $244,000 and $211,000 in the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

  Note
9 Income Taxes  

  Until
the Spin-Off, the Company was a member of IDT s consolidated group of entities for which income tax returns were filed for
the consolidated group, and income taxes for the Company were calculated on a separate tax return basis. The current U.S. Federal
and State income tax expense was recorded as an increase in the amount due to IDT Corporation in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets.  

The
components of income before income taxes are as follows:  

Provision
for income taxes consisted of the following:  

The
differences between income taxes expected at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and income taxes reported were as follows:  

The
Company has not recorded U.S. income tax expense for foreign earnings, as such earnings are permanently reinvested outside the
United States. The cumulative undistributed foreign earnings are included in accumulated deficit in the Company s consolidated
balance sheets and consisted of approximately $2.1 million at July 31, 2016. Upon distribution of these foreign earnings to the
Company s domestic entities, the Company may be subject to U.S. income taxes and withholding of foreign taxes; however,
it is not practicable to determine the amount, if any, which would be paid.  

  Significant
components of the Company s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as follows:  

Deferred
tax assets, net are included in  Other assets  in the consolidated balance sheets.  

At
July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had available Federal and State net operating loss ( NOL ) carryforwards from
domestic operations of approximately $0.6 million and $3.5 million, respectively, to offset future taxable income. The Federal
and State NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2036. The Company had no available NOLs from foreign operations. The AMT carryforwards
do not expire.  

  Due
to its history of losses, the Company believes that it is not more-likely-than-not that all of the deferred tax assets can be
realized. Therefore, the Company has a full valuation allowance on all U.S. deferred tax assets. The change in the valuation allowance
is as follows:  

At
July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits and did not anticipate any significant changes
to the unrecognized tax benefits within twelve months of this reporting date. In the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company
did not record any interest or penalties on income taxes. At July 31, 2016 and 2015, there was no accrued interest included in
income taxes payable.  

  The
Company currently remains subject to examinations of its tax returns as follows: U.S. federal tax returns for fiscal 2013 to fiscal
2015 as part of the IDT consolidated tax return and for pre and post spin periods for fiscal 2016, state and local tax returns
generally for fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2016 and foreign tax returns generally for fiscal 2013 to fiscal 2016.  

  In September
2016, the Company was notified that the Zedge Europe AS tax returns for 2013 and 2014 were going to be audited by the tax authorities
in Norway. The audit is expected to begin in November 2016. Amounts asserted by taxing authorities or the amount ultimately assessed
against the Company could be greater than the accrued amount. Accordingly, provisions may be recorded in the future as estimates
are revised or underlying matters are settled or resolved. Imposition of assessments as a result of tax audits could have an adverse
effect on the Company s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.   

  In connection
with the Spin-Off, the Company and IDT entered into various agreements prior to the Spin-Off including a Tax Separation Agreement,
which sets forth the responsibilities of the Company and IDT with respect to, among other things, liabilities for federal, state,
local and foreign taxes for periods before and including the Spin-Off, the preparation and filing of tax returns for such periods
and disputes with taxing authorities regarding taxes for such periods. Pursuant to the Tax Separation Agreement, among other things,
IDT indemnifies the Company from all liability for taxes of the Company and any of its subsidiaries or relating to its business
with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Spin-Off, and the Company indemnifies IDT from all liability for taxes
of the Company and any of its subsidiaries or relating to its business accruing after the Spin-Off. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company is responsible for, and IDT has no obligation to indemnify the Company for, any tax liability of the Company resulting
from an audit, examination or other proceeding related to any tax returns that relate solely to the Company and its subsidiaries
regardless of whether such tax return relates to a period prior to or following the Spin-Off.  

  Note
10 Stock-Based Compensation  

   2016
Stock Option and Incentive Plan   

  The
Company adopted the Zedge, Inc. 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan ( 2016 Incentive Plan ), which became effective
upon the consummation of the Spin-Off. The 2016 Incentive Plan is intended to provide incentives to executive officers, employees,
directors and consultants of the Company. Incentives available under the 2016 Incentive Plan include restricted stock, stock options
and stock appreciation rights. The 2016 Incentive Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board
of Directors. At July 31, 2016, there were 55,000 shares of the Company s Class B common stock available for awards under
the 2016 Incentive Plan.  

  On September
29, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors amended the 2016 Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company s
Class B common stock available for the grant of awards thereunder to 691,000 shares. The amendment is subject to ratification
by the Company s stockholders.  

In
the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, there was no income tax benefit resulting from tax deductions in excess of the compensation
cost recognized for the Company s stock-based compensation.  

   Stock
Options   

  The
Company s option awards generally have a maximum term of 10 years from grant date, are exercisable upon vesting unless otherwise
designated for early exercise by the Board of Directors at the time of grant, and are pursuant to individual written agreements.
Prior to the Spin-Off, historical grants generally vested ratably over a three to four-year period. Subsequent to the Spin-Off,
grants generally vest over a three-year period. Certain option agreements provide for accelerated vesting of options upon the
effective date of an initial public offering or a change in control of the Company.  

  In
connection with the Spin-Off, in June 2016, the Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors approved an extension
of the expiration dates of all outstanding stock options held by current employees and consultants of the Company that do not
reside in the United States. The expiration date of the stock options was extended to May 31, 2026. This extension applied to
options to purchase an aggregate of 0.9 million shares of the Company s Class B common stock. The Company recorded
stock-based compensation expense of $123,000 for the modification of the options based on their estimated fair value on June 2,
2016.  

  The
fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes ( BSM ) pricing model. The
value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from those estimates.  

The
estimate of fair value using the BSM pricing model is affected by assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective
variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the current fair value of the Company s stock, the expected
stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors.
Prior to the Spin-Off, the fair value of the Company s common stock was established by valuations of the Company s
stock, based on estimates developed by the Company, conducted for each respective date. The expected volatility is based on historical
volatility of peer companies. The Company s historical stock option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis
upon which to estimate an expected term because of a lack of sufficient data, therefore, expected term is estimated using the
simplified method, which computes expected term as the average of the sum of the vesting term plus the contract term. Historical
data is used to estimate forfeitures. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury rates in effect during the corresponding
period of grant.  

  The
Company used the following weighted average assumptions in its BSM pricing model:  

A
summary of the Company s stock option activity is as follows:  

The
total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015 was $0.1 million and none, respectively.
At July 31, 2016, there was $57,000 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.6 years.  

   Restricted
Stock   

  As
part of the Spin-Off, holders of IDT restricted Class B common stock and Deferred Stock Units ( DSUs ) received, in
respect of those restricted shares and DSUs, one restricted share of the Company s Class B common stock for every three
restricted shares of IDT and one DSU of the Company for every three DSUs of IDT that they owned as of the record date for the
Spin-Off. As such, 111,842 shares of restricted stock and 7,767 DSUs were issued (adjusted for forfeitures) pursuant to the terms
of the 2016 Incentive Plan. Such restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock are restricted under the same terms
as the IDT restricted stock in respect of which they were issued. The restricted shares of the Company s Class B common
stock received in the Spin-Off are subject to forfeiture on the same terms, and their restrictions will lapse at the same time,
as the corresponding IDT shares. The fair value of restricted shares of the Company s Class B common stock is determined
based on the closing price of the Company s Class B common stock on the grant date. Share awards generally vest on a graded
basis over three years of service.  

  Note
11 Related Party Transactions  

  Prior
to the Spin-Off, IDT charged the Company for certain transactions and allocated routine expenses based on company specific
items covered under a Master Services Agreement. This agreement provided for, among other things: (1) the allocation between the
Company and IDT of employee benefits, taxes and other liabilities and obligations; (2) services to be provided by IDT relating
to human resources and employee benefits administration; (3) the allocation of responsibilities relating to employee compensation
and benefit plans and programs and other related matters; and (4) finance, accounting, tax, facilities and legal services to be
provided by IDT to the Company. Following the Spin-Off, IDT charges the Company for services it provides pursuant to the Transition
Services Agreement. The services provided pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement include human resources, payroll, investor
relations, legal, accounting, tax, financial systems, management consulting and foreign exchange risk management. The Transition
Services Agreement has a twelve month term with automatic renewals for additional six month terms unless terminated by either
party upon 90 days  notice prior to the end of the then-current term. IDT s charges are included in  Selling,
general and administrative expense  in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income.  

The
change in the Company s liability to IDT was as follows:  

Federal
tax payments made by IDT on behalf of the Company totaled nil and $25,000 in the years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  

  In the
years ended July 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company paid $141,000 and $76,000, respectively, to Appboy, Inc. for use of its customer
relationship management and lifecycle marketing platform. The Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Appboy, Inc. is a member
of the Company s Board of Directors.   

  Note
12 Business Segment and Geographic Information  

  The
Company provides a content distribution platform, worldwide, centered on self-expression, attracting both creators looking to
promote their content and consumers who utilize such content to express their identity, feelings, tastes and interests. The Company s
platform enables consumers to personalize their mobile devices with free, high-quality ringtones, wallpapers, home screen app
icons and notification sounds.   The Company conducts
business as one operating segment. There were no revenues from customers located outside of the United States in all periods presented.  

  Net
long-lived assets and total assets held outside of the United States, which are located primarily in Norway, were as follows:  

Note
13 Revolving Credit Facility (Subsequent Event)  

  As of September
27, 2016, the Company entered into a loan and security agreement with Western Alliance Bank for a revolving credit facility of
up to $2.5 million. Advances under this facility may not exceed the lesser of $2.5 million or 80% of the Company s eligible
accounts receivable subject to certain concentration limits. The revolving credit facility is secured by a lien on substantially
all of the Company s assets. The principal outstanding bears interest per annum at the greater of 3.5% or the prime rate
plus 1.25%. Interest is payable monthly and all outstanding principal and any accrued and unpaid interest is due on the maturity
date of September 27, 2018. The Company is required to pay an annual facility fee of $12,500 to Western Alliance Bank. The Company
is also required to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants as well as maintain certain financial ratios during
the term of the revolving credit facility, including the Company may not pay any dividend on its capital stock. The Company may
terminate this agreement at any time without penalty or premium provided that it pays down any outstanding principal, accrued
interest and bank expenses.  

Note
14 Defined Contribution Plan (Subsequent Event)  

  In September
2016, the Company adopted a 401(k) Plan, effective August 1, 2016, available to all employees meeting certain eligibility criteria.
The Plan permits participants to elect pre-tax or after tax salary deferrals that will be contributed to the Plan, not to exceed
the limits established by the Internal Revenue Code. The Plan provides for enhanced safe harbor employer matching contributions.
All contributions made by participants and safe harbor matching contributions by the Company will be fully vested. The Company s
Class A common stock and Class B common stock are not investment options for elective deferrals by the Plan s participants.
However, matching contributions may be made in shares of the Company.       

F-18  

<EX-10.1>
 2
 f10k2016ex10i_zedgeinc.htm
 2016 STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.1  

ZEDGE,
INC.   

   2016
STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE PLAN   

   Adopted
as of May 23, 2016   

(Amended
and Restated on September 29, 2016)   

1.   Purpose;
Types of Awards; Construction.   

The
purpose of the Zedge, Inc. 2016 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the  Plan ) is to provide incentives to executive
officers, employees, directors and consultants of Zedge, Inc. (the  Company ), or any subsidiary of the Company which
now exists or hereafter is organized or acquired by the Company, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company, to continue
as executive officers, employees, directors or consultants, to increase their efforts on behalf of the Company and to promote
the success of the Company s business. The provisions of the Plan are intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 16(b)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements thereof.  

2.   Definitions.   

As
used in this Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the meanings indicated:  

(a)  Agreement 
shall mean a written agreement entered into between the Company and a Grantee in connection with an award under the Plan.  

(b)  Board 
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.  

(c)  Change
in Control  means a change in ownership or control of the Company effected through either of the following:  

(i) any
 person,  as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act (other than (A) the Company, (B) any
trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, (C) any corporation or other entity
owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
Class B Common Stock, or (D) any person who, immediately following the spin-off of the Company by way of a pro rata distribution
of the Company s Class B Common Stock to the stockholders of IDT Corporation, owned more than 25% of the combined voting
power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities), is or becomes the  beneficial owner  (as defined
in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities beneficially
owned by such person any securities acquired directly from the Company or any of its affiliates other than in connection with
the acquisition by the Company or its affiliates of a business) representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
then outstanding voting securities; or  

(ii) during
any period of not more than two consecutive years, not including any period prior to the initial adoption of this Plan by the
Board, individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board, and any new director (other than a director whose
initial assumption of office is in connection with an actual or threatened election contest, including, but not limited to a consent
solicitation, relating to the election of directors of the Company) whose election by the Board or nomination for election by
the Company s stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who
either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved,
cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof.  

(d)
 Class B Common Stock  shall mean shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, of the Company.  

(e)  Code 
shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.  

(f)  Committee 
shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee as the Board may designate from time to time to administer
the Plan. The Board will cause the Committee to satisfy the applicable requirements of any stock exchange on which the Common
Stock may then be listed. For purposes of awards intended to constitute performance awards, to the extent required by Code Section
162(m), Committee means all of the members of the Committee who are  outside directors  within the meaning of Section
162(m) of the Code. For purposes of awards to Grantees who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, Committee means all
of the members of the Committee who are  non-employee directors  within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 adopted under the
Exchange Act.  

(g)  Company 
shall mean Zedge, Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, or any successor corporation.  

(h)  Continuous
Service  means that the provision of services to the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of officer, employee, director
or consultant is not interrupted or terminated. Continuous Service shall not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any
approved leave of absence, (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or among the Company, any Related Entity or any successor
in any capacity of officer, employee, director or consultant, or (iii) any change in status as long as the individual remains
in the service of the Company or a Related Entity in any capacity of officer, employee, director or consultant (except as otherwise
provided in the applicable Agreement). An approved leave of absence shall include sick leave, short-term disability, maternity
leave, military leave (including without limitation service in the National Guard or the Army Reserves) and any other personal
leave approved by the Company or the Committee. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety (90)
days unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract.  

(i)  Corporate
Transaction  means any of the following transactions:  

(i) a
merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation or other entity, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which
would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving or parent entity) 80% or more of the combined
voting power of the voting securities of the Company or such surviving or parent entity outstanding immediately after such merger
or consolidation or (B) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction)
in which no  person  (as defined in the Exchange Act) acquired 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company s
then outstanding securities; or  

(ii) a
plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially
all of its assets (or any transaction having a similar effect).  

(j)  Disability 
shall mean  cause for termination of a Grantee s employment or service due to a determination
that the Grantee is disabled in accordance with a  long-term disability insurance 
program maintained by the Company or a  total and permanent disability as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3).  

(k)  Exchange
Act  shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time.  

(l)  Fair
Market Value  per share as of a particular date shall mean (i) the closing sale price per share of Class B Common Stock
on the national securities exchange on which the Class B Common Stock is principally traded for the last preceding date on which
there was a sale of Class B Common Stock on such exchange, or (ii) if the shares of Class B Common Stock are then traded in an
over-the-counter market, the average of the closing bid and asked prices for the shares of Class B Common Stock in such over-the-counter
market for the last preceding date on which there was a sale of Class B Common Stock in such market, or (iii) if the shares of
Class B Common Stock are not then readily tradable on an established securities market, such value as the Committee, in its sole
discretion, shall determine, provided however that such determination (A) with respect to Nonqualified Stock Options, shall be
in good faith using a  reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method  within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv)(B), and (B) with respect to Incentive Stock Options, shall be in a manner that satisfies the applicable
requirements of Code Section 422.  

(m)  Grantee 
shall mean a person who receives a grant of Options or Restricted Stock under the Plan.  

(n)  Incentive
Stock Option  shall mean any option intended to be, and designated as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section
422 of the Code.  

(o)  Insider 
shall mean a Grantee who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act.  

(p)  Insider
Trading Policy  shall mean the Insider Trading Policy of the Company, as may be amended from time to time.  

(q)
 Non-Employee Director  means a member of the Board or the board of directors of any Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary
that has either (A) a class of  equity securities  (as defined in Rule 3a11-1 promulgated under the Exchange
Act) registered under the Exchange Act or a similar foreign statute or (B) adopted any stock option plan, equity compensation
plan or similar employee benefit plan in which non-employee directors of such Subsidiary are eligible to participate) who is not
an employee of the Company or any Subsidiary.  

(r)
 Non-Employee Director Annual Grant  shall mean an award of a number of shares of Restricted Stock as shall be equal
up to $50,000 based on the average closing prices of the Class B common stock on the NYSE MKT for the December preceding the date
of grant; provided, however that if the Company s market cap is below $40 million based on the same formulation, a pro rata
portion (based on the difference between $40 million and the Company s market cap) will be paid in cash..  

(s)
 Non-Employee Director Grant Date  shall mean January 5 of the applicable year (or the following business day
if January 5 is not a business day).  

(t)  Nonqualified
Stock Option  shall mean any option not designated as an Incentive Stock Option.  

(u)  Option 
or  Options  shall mean a grant to a Grantee of an option or options to purchase shares of Class B Common Stock.  

(v)  Option
Agreement  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6 of the Plan.  

(w)  Option
Price  shall mean the exercise price of the shares of Class B Common Stock covered by an Option.  

(x)  Parent 
shall mean any company (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of companies ending with the Company if, at the time of granting
an award under the Plan, each of the companies other than the Company owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain.  

(y)  Related
Entity  means any Parent, Subsidiary or any business, corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity
in which the Company, a Parent or a Subsidiary holds a substantial ownership interest, directly or indirectly.  The
term  substantial ownership interest  means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management
and policies of such person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting or other securities, by contract or otherwise.   

(z)
 Restricted Period  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9(b) of the Plan.  

(aa)
 Restricted Stock  means shares of Class B Common Stock issued under the Plan to a Grantee for such consideration,
if any, and subject to such restrictions on transfer, rights of refusal, repurchase provisions, forfeiture provisions and other
terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Committee.  

(bb)  Related
Entity Disposition  means the sale, distribution or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the
Company s interest in any Related Entity effected by a sale, merger or consolidation or other transaction involving such
Related Entity or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of such Related Entity.  

(cc)  Retirement 
shall mean a Grantee s retirement in accordance with the terms of any tax-qualified retirement plan maintained by the Company
or any of its affiliates in which the Grantee participates.  

(dd)  Rule
16b-3  shall mean Rule 16b-3, as from time to time in effect, promulgated under the Exchange Act, including any successor
to such Rule.  

(ee)  Subsidiary 
shall mean any company (other than the Company) in an unbroken chain of companies beginning with the Company if each of the companies
other than the last company in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting
power of all classes of stock in one of the other companies in such chain.  

(ff)
 Tax Event  shall have the meaning set forth in Section 15 of the Plan.  

(gg)  Ten
Percent Stockholder  shall mean a Grantee who at the time an Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock possessing more
than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary.  

3.   Administration.   

(a) The
Plan shall be administered by the Committee.  

(b) The
Committee shall have the authority in its discretion, subject to and not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan,
to administer the Plan and to exercise all the powers and authorities either specifically granted to it under the Plan or necessary
or advisable in the administration of the Plan, including, without limitation, the authority to grant Options and Restricted Stock;
to determine which options shall constitute Incentive Stock Options and which Options shall constitute Nonqualified Stock Options;
to determine the purchase price of the shares of Class B Common Stock covered by each Option; to determine the persons to whom,
and the time or times at which awards shall be granted; to determine the number of shares to be covered by each award; to interpret
the Plan and any award under the Plan; to reconcile any inconsistent terms in the Plan or any award under the Plan; to prescribe,
amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan; to determine the terms and provisions of the Agreements (which need
not be identical) and to cancel or suspend awards, as necessary; and to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable
for the administration of the Plan.  

(c) All
decisions, determination and interpretations of the Committee shall be final and binding on all Grantees of any awards under this
Plan. No member of the Board or Committee shall be liable for any action taken or determination made in good faith with respect
to the Plan or any award granted hereunder.  

(d) The
Committee may delegate to one or more executive officers of the Company the authority to (i) grant awards under the Plan to employees
of the Company and its Subsidiaries who are not officers or directors of the Company, (ii) execute and deliver documents or take
such other ministerial actions on behalf of the Committee with respect to awards and (iii) to make interpretations of the Plan.
The grant of authority in this Section 3(d) shall be subject to such conditions and limitations as may be determined by the Committee.
If the Committee delegates authority to any such executive officer or executive officers of the Company pursuant to this Section
3(d), and such executive officer or executive officers grant awards pursuant to such delegated authority, references in this Plan
to the  Committee  as they relate to such awards shall be deemed to refer to such executive officer or executive officers,
as applicable.  

4.   Eligibility.   

Awards
may be granted to executive officers, employees, directors and consultants of the Company or of any Subsidiary. In addition to
any other awards granted to Non-Employee Directors hereunder, awards shall be granted to Non-Employee Directors pursuant to Section 10
of the Plan. In determining the persons to whom awards shall be granted and the number of shares to be covered by each award,
the Committee shall take into account the duties of the respective persons, their present and potential contributions to the success
of the Company and such other factors as the Committee shall deem relevant in connection with accomplishing the purposes of the
Plan.  

5.   Stock.   

(a) The
maximum number of shares of Class B Common Stock reserved for the grant of awards under the Plan shall be 691,000 (after giving
effect to the stock split of the Company s shares of common stock to be effective prior to the Company s spinoff from
IDT Corporation), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11 of the Plan. Such shares may, in whole or in part, be authorized
but unissued shares or shares that shall have been or may be reacquired by the Company.  

(b) If
any outstanding award under the Plan should, for any reason expire, be canceled or be forfeited without having been exercised
in full, the shares of Class B Common Stock allocable to the unexercised, canceled or terminated portion of such award shall (unless
the Plan shall have been terminated) become available for subsequent grants of awards under the Plan, unless otherwise determined
by the Committee.  

(c)  In
no event may a Grantee be granted during any calendar year Options to acquire more than an aggregate of 60,000 shares of Class
B Common Stock subject to adjustment as provided in Section 11 of the Plan.  

6.   Terms
and Conditions of Options.   

(a) OPTION
AGREEMENT.  Each Option granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by a written agreement between the Company and
the Grantee (the  Option Agreement ), in such form and containing such terms and conditions as the Committee shall
from time to time approve, which Option Agreement shall comply with and be subject to the following terms and conditions, unless
otherwise specifically provided in such Option Agreement. For purposes of interpreting this Section 6, a director s service
as a member of the Board or a consultant s service shall be deemed to be employment with the Company.  

(b) NUMBER
OF SHARES.  Each Option Agreement shall state the number of shares of Class B Common Stock to which the Option relates.  

(c) TYPE
OF OPTION.  Each Option Agreement shall specifically state that the Option constitutes an Incentive Stock Option or
a Nonqualified Stock Option. In the absence of such designation, the Option will be deemed to be a Nonqualified Stock Option.  

(d) OPTION
PRICE.  Each Option Agreement shall state the Option Price, which, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall not
be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class B Common Stock covered by the Option on
the date of grant. The Option Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided in Section 9 of the Plan.  

(e) MEDIUM
AND TIME OF PAYMENT.  The Option Price shall be paid in full, at the time of exercise, in cash or in shares of Class
B Common Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to such Option Price or in a combination of cash and Class B Common Stock including
a cashless exercise procedure through a broker-dealer or otherwise; provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option, the medium of payment shall be determined at the time of grant and set forth in the applicable Option Agreement.  

(f) TERM
AND EXERCISABILITY OF OPTIONS.  Each Option Agreement shall provide the exercise schedule for the Option as determined
by the Committee, provided, that, the Committee shall have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding option
at such time and under such circumstances as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. The exercise period will be ten (10)
years from the date of the grant of the option unless otherwise determined by the Committee; provided, however, that in the case
of an Incentive Stock Option, such exercise period shall not exceed ten (10) years from the date of grant of such Option. The
exercise period shall be subject to earlier termination as provided in Sections 6(g) and 6(h) of the Plan. An Option may be exercised,
as to any or all full shares of Class B Common Stock as to which the Option has become exercisable, by written notice delivered
in person or by mail to the administrator designated by the Company, specifying the number of shares of Class B Common Stock with
respect to which the Option is being exercised.  

(g) TERMINATION
OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE. Except as expressly provided for in an applicable Option Agreement or as provided in this Section 6(g)
and in Section 6(h) of the Plan, an Option may not be exercised unless the Grantee is then in the employ of, or maintaining a
director or consultant relationship with, or otherwise a service provider to, the Company or a Subsidiary thereof (or a company
or a Parent or Subsidiary of such company issuing or assuming the Option in a transaction to which Section 424(a) of the Code
applies), and unless the Grantee has remained in Continuous Service with the Company or any Subsidiary since the date of grant
of the Option. In the event that the Continuous Service of a Grantee shall terminate (other than by reason of death, Disability
or Retirement), all Options of such Grantee that are exercisable at the time of Grantee s termination may, unless earlier
terminated in accordance with their terms, be exercised within one hundred eighty (180) days after the date of termination (or
such different period as the Committee or the applicable Option Agreement shall prescribe).  

(h) DEATH,
DISABILITY OR RETIREMENT OF GRANTEE.  Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Option Agreement, if a Grantee shall
die while providing Continuous Service or if the Grantee s Continuous Service shall terminate by reason of Disability, all
Options theretofore granted to such Grantee (to the extent otherwise exercisable) may, unless earlier terminated in accordance
with their terms, be exercised by the Grantee or by the Grantee s estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise
such Options by bequest or inheritance or otherwise by result of death or Disability of the Grantee, at any time within three
hundred sixty five (365) days after the death or Disability of the Grantee (or such different period as the applicable Option
Agreement or the Committee shall prescribe). In the event that an Option granted hereunder shall be exercised by the legal representatives
of a deceased or former Grantee, written notice of such exercise shall be accompanied by a certified copy of letters testamentary
or equivalent proof of the right of such legal representative to exercise such Option. In the event that the Continuous Service
of a Grantee shall terminate on account of such Grantee s Retirement, all Options of such Grantee that are exercisable at
the time of such Retirement may, unless earlier terminated in accordance with their terms, be exercised at any time within one
hundred eighty (180) days after the date of such Retirement (or such different period as the applicable Option Agreement or the
Committee shall prescribe).  

(i) OTHER
PROVISIONS.  The Option Agreements evidencing awards under the Plan shall contain such other terms and conditions not
inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee may determine.  

7.   Nonqualified
Stock Options.   

Options
granted pursuant to this Section 7 are intended to constitute Nonqualified Stock Options and shall be subject only to the general
terms and conditions specified in Section 6 of the Plan.  

8.   Incentive
Stock Options.   

Options
granted pursuant to this Section 8 are intended to constitute Incentive Stock Options and shall be subject to the following special
terms and conditions, in addition to the general terms and conditions specified in Section 6 of the Plan:  

(a) LIMITATION
ON VALUE OF SHARES.  To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of shares of Class B Common Stock subject to
Options designated as Incentive Stock Options which become exercisable for the first time by a Grantee during any calendar year
(under all plans of the Company or any Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options, to the extent of the shares covered
thereby in excess of the foregoing limitation, shall be treated as Nonqualified Stock Options. For this purpose, Incentive Stock
Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class
B Common Stock shall be determined as of the date that the Option with respect to such shares was granted.  

(b) TEN
PERCENT STOCKHOLDER.  In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, (i) the Option
Price shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Class B Common Stock on
the date of grant of such Incentive Stock Option, and (ii) the exercise period shall not exceed five (5) years from the date of
grant of such Incentive Stock Option.  

9.   Restricted
Stock.    

The
Committee may award shares of Restricted Stock to any eligible executive officer, employee, director or consultant of the Company
or of any Subsidiary. Each award of Restricted Stock under the Plan shall be evidenced by a written Agreement between the Company
and the Grantee, in such form as the Committee shall from time to time approve, which Agreement shall comply with and be subject
to the following terms and conditions, unless otherwise specifically provided in such Agreement:  

(a)
 NUMBER OF SHARES . Each Agreement shall state the number of shares of Restricted Stock to be subject to an award.  

(b)
 RESTRICTIONS . Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise
disposed of, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution, for such period as the Committee shall determine from the
date on which the award is granted (the  Restricted Period ). The Committee may also impose such additional or alternative
restrictions and conditions on the shares as it deems appropriate including, but not limited to, the satisfaction of performance
criteria. Such performance criteria may include sales, earnings before interest and taxes, return on investment, earnings per
share, any combination of the foregoing or rate of growth of any of the foregoing, as determined by the Committee. The Company
may, at its option, maintain issued shares in book entry form. Certificates, if any, for shares of stock issued pursuant to Restricted
Stock awards shall bear an appropriate legend referring to such restrictions, and any attempt to dispose of any such shares of
stock in contravention of such restrictions shall be null and void and without effect. During the Restricted Period, any such
certificates shall be held in escrow by an escrow agent appointed by the Committee. In determining the Restricted Period of an
award, the Committee may provide that the foregoing restrictions shall lapse with respect to specified percentages of the awarded
shares on successive anniversaries of the date of such award.  

(c)
 FORFEITURE . Subject to such exceptions as may be determined by the Committee, if the Grantee s Continuous Service
with the Company or any Subsidiary shall terminate for any reason prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period of an award,
any shares remaining subject to restrictions (after taking into account the provisions of Subsection (e) of this Section 9)
shall thereupon be forfeited by the Grantee and transferred to, and retired by, the Company without cost to the Company or such
Subsidiary, and such shares shall become available for subsequent grants of awards under the Plan, unless otherwise determined
by the Committee.  

(d)
 OWNERSHIP . During the Restricted Period, the Grantee shall possess all incidents of ownership of such shares, subject
to Subsection (b) of this Section 9, including the right to receive dividends with respect to such shares and to vote
such shares.  

(e)
 ACCELERATED LAPSE OF RESTRICTIONS . Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section 12 of the Plan
(and subject to the conditions set forth therein), all restrictions then outstanding on any shares of Restricted Stock awarded
under the Plan shall lapse as of the applicable date set forth in Section 12. The Committee shall have the authority (and
the Agreement may so provide) to cancel all or any portion of any outstanding restrictions prior to the expiration of the Restricted
Period with respect to any or all of the shares of Restricted Stock awarded on such terms and conditions as the Committee shall
deem appropriate.  

10.
Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock.    

The
provisions of this Section 10 shall apply only to certain grants of Restricted Stock to Non-Employee Directors, as provided
below. Except as set forth in this Section 10, the other provisions of the Plan shall apply to grants of Restricted Stock
to Non-Employee Directors to the extent not inconsistent with this Section. For purposes of interpreting Section 6 of the
Plan and this Section 10, a Non-Employee Director s service as a member of the Board or the board of directors of any
Subsidiary shall be deemed to be employment with the Company.  

(a)
 GENERAL . Non-Employee Directors shall receive Restricted Stock in accordance with this Section 10. Restricted Stock
granted pursuant to this Section 10 shall be subject to the terms of such section and shall not be subject to discretionary
acceleration of vesting by the Committee. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, Non-Employee Directors shall not receive
separate and additional grants hereunder for being a Non-Employee Director of (i) the Company and a Subsidiary or (ii) more
than one Subsidiary.  

(b)
 INITIAL GRANTS OF RESTRICTED STOCK . A Non-Employee Director who first becomes a Non-Employee Director shall receive a pro-rata
amount (based on quarter(s) of service following the date the Non-Employee Director was appointed as a Non-Employee Director on
the next Non-Employee Director Annual Grant..  

(c)
 ANNUAL GRANTS OF RESTRICTED STOCK . On each Non-Employee Director Grant Date, each Non-Employee Director who attended at
least 75% of the regularly scheduled meetings of the Board of Directors during a calendar year shall receive a Non-Employee Director
Annual Grant.  

(d)
 VESTING OF RESTRICTED STOCK . Restricted Stock granted under this Section 10 shall be fully vested upon grant.    

11.
Effect of Certain Changes.   

(a) ADJUSTMENTS
UPON CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION.  In the event of any extraordinary dividend, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation, stock split, warrant or rights issuance, or combination or exchange of such shares, or other similar transactions,
the Committee shall equitably adjust (i) the maximum number of Options or shares of Restricted Stock that may be awarded to a
Grantee in any calendar year (as provided in Section 5 hereof), (ii) the number of shares of Class B Common Stock available for
awards under the Plan, (iii) the number and/or kind of shares covered by outstanding awards and (iv) the price per share of Options
so as to reflect such event and preserve the value of such awards; provided, however, that any fractional shares resulting from
such adjustment shall be eliminated.  

(b) CHANGE
IN CLASS B COMMON STOCK.  In the event of a change in the Class B Common Stock as presently constituted that is limited
to a change of all of its authorized shares of Class B Common Stock, into the same number of shares with a different par value
or without par value, the shares resulting from any such change shall be deemed to be the Class B Common Stock within the meaning
of the Plan.  

12.   Corporate
Transaction; Change in Control; Related Entity Disposition.   

(a) CORPORATE
TRANSACTION.  In the event of a Corporate Transaction, each award which is at the time outstanding under the Plan shall
automatically become fully vested and exercisable and, in the case of an award of Restricted Stock, shall be released from any
restrictions on transfer (except with regard to the Insider Trading Policy and such other agreements between the Grantee and the
Company) and repurchase or forfeiture rights, immediately prior to the specified effective date of such Corporate Transaction.
Effective upon the consummation of the Corporate Transaction, all outstanding awards of Options under the Plan shall terminate,
unless otherwise determined by the Committee. However, all such awards shall not terminate if the awards are, in connection with
the Corporate Transaction, assumed by the successor corporation or Parent thereof.  

(b) CHANGE
IN CONTROL.  In the event of a Change in Control (other than a Change in Control which is also a Corporate Transaction),
each award which is at the time outstanding under the Plan automatically shall become fully vested and exercisable and, in the
case of an award of Restricted Stock, shall be released from any restrictions on transfer and repurchase or forfeiture rights,
immediately prior to the specified effective date of such Change in Control.  

(c) RELATED
ENTITY DISPOSITION.  The Continuous Service of each Grantee (who is primarily engaged in service to a Related Entity
at the time it is involved in a Related Entity Disposition) shall terminate effective upon the consummation of such Related Entity
Disposition, and each outstanding award of such Grantee under the Plan shall become fully vested and exercisable and, in the case
of an award of Restricted Stock, shall be released from any restrictions on transfer (except with regard to the Insider Trading
Policy and such other agreements between the Grantee and the Company). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, the Continuous
Service of a Grantee shall not be deemed to terminate (and each outstanding award of such Grantee under the Plan shall not become
fully vested and exercisable and, in the case of an award of Restricted Stock, shall not be released from any restrictions on
transfer) if (i) a Related Entity Disposition involves the spin-off of a Related Entity, for so long as such Grantee continues
to remain in the service of such entity that constituted the Related Entity immediately prior to the consummation of such Related
Entity Disposition ( SpinCo ) in any capacity of officer, employee, director or consultant or (ii) an outstanding
award is assumed by the surviving corporation (whether SpinCo or otherwise) or its parent entity in connection with a Related
Entity Disposition.  

(d) SUBSTITUTE
AWARDS. The Committee may grant awards under the Plan in substitution of stock-based incentive awards held by employees,
consultants or directors of another entity who become employees, consultants or directors of the Company or any Subsidiary by
reason of a merger or consolidation of such entity with the Company or any Subsidiary, or the acquisition by the Company or a
Subsidiary of property or equity of such entity, upon such terms and conditions as the Committee may determine, and such awards
shall not count against the share limitation set forth in Section 5 of the Plan.  

13.   Period
During which Awards May Be Granted.   

Awards
may be granted pursuant to the Plan from time to time within a period of ten (10) years from May [_], 2016, the date the Board
adopted the Plan.  

14.   Transferability
of Awards.   

(a) Incentive
Stock Options may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any manner other than by the laws
of descent and distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Grantee, only by the Grantee or his or her guardian
or legal representative.  

(b) Nonqualified
Stock Options shall be transferable in the manner and to the extent acceptable to the Committee, as evidenced by a writing signed
by the Company and the Grantee. Nonqualified Stock Options shall be transferable by a Grantee as a gift to the Grantee s
 family members  (as defined in Form S-8) under such terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee;
provided that the Grantee receives no consideration for the transfer. Notwithstanding the transfer by a Grantee of a Nonqualified
Stock Option, the transferred Nonqualified Stock Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were
applicable to the Nonqualified Stock Option immediately before the transfer (including, without limitation, the Insider Trading
Policy) and the Grantee will continue to remain subject to the withholding tax requirements set forth in Section 15 hereof.  

(c) The
terms of any award granted under the Plan, including the transferability of any such award, shall be binding upon the executors,
administrators, heirs and successors of the Grantee.  

(d)
Each Grantee who receives an award shall comply with any policy adopted by the Company from time to time covering transactions
in the Company s securities. By way of example, and not limitation, Restricted Stock shall remain subject to the Insider
Trading Policy after the Restricted Period.  

15.   Agreement
by Grantee regarding Withholding Taxes.    

If
the Committee shall so require, as a condition of exercise of an Option or the expiration of a Restricted Period (each a  Tax
Event ), each Grantee shall agree that no later than the date of the Tax Event, the Grantee will pay to the Company or make
arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law
to be withheld upon the Tax Event. Unless determined otherwise by the Committee, a Grantee shall permit, to the extent permitted
or required by law, the Company to withhold federal, state and local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld upon the
Tax Event from any payment of any kind due to the Grantee. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, any such above-described
withholding obligation may, in the discretion of the Company, be satisfied by the withholding by the Company or delivery to the
Company of Class B Common Stock.  

16.   Rights
as a Stockholder.   

Except
as provided in Section 9(d) of the Plan, a Grantee or a transferee of an award shall have no rights as a stockholder with
respect to any shares covered by the award until the date of the issuance of such shares to him or her. No adjustment shall be
made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other property) or distribution of other rights
for which the record date is prior to the date such shares are issued, except as provided in Section 11(a) of the Plan.  

17.   No
Rights to Employment; Forfeiture of Gains.   

Nothing
in the Plan or in any award granted or Agreement entered into pursuant hereto shall confer upon any Grantee the right to continue
as a director of, in the employ of, or in a consultant relationship with, the Company or any Subsidiary or to be entitled to any
remuneration or benefits not set forth in the Plan or such Agreement or to interfere with or limit in any way the right of the
Company or any such Subsidiary to terminate such Grantee s employment or consulting relationship. Awards granted under the
Plan shall not be affected by any change in duties or position of a Grantee as long as such Grantee continues to be employed by,
or in a consultant relationship with, or a director of the Company or any Subsidiary. The Agreement for any award under the Plan
may require the Grantee to pay to the Company any financial gain realized from the prior exercise, vesting or payment of the award
in the event that the Grantee engages in conduct that violates any non-compete, non-solicitation or non-disclosure obligation
of the Grantee under any agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary, including, without limitation, any such obligations provided
in the Agreement.  

18.   Beneficiary.   

A
Grantee may file with the Committee a written designation of a beneficiary on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee
and may, from time to time, amend or revoke such designation. If no designated beneficiary survives the Grantee, the executor
or administrator of the Grantee s estate shall be deemed to be the Grantee s beneficiary.  

19.   Approval;
Amendment and Termination of the Plan.   

(a) APPROVAL.  The
Plan initially became effective when adopted by the Board on May 23, 2016 and shall terminate on the tenth anniversary of such
date (except as to awards outstanding on that date). The Plan was ratified by the Company s stockholder on May 24, 2016.
The Board amended the Plan on September 29, 2016 to, among other things, (i) increase the amount of authorized shares under the
Plan to 691,000 shares of Class B Common Stock and (ii) change the vesting of the Non-Employee Director Annual Grant to immediate.
The Company s stockholders ratified such amendment to the Plan on January 18, 2017.  

(b) AMENDMENT
AND TERMINATION OF THE PLAN. The Board, or the Committee if so delegated by the Board, at any time and from time to
time may suspend, terminate, modify or amend the Plan; however, unless otherwise determined by the Board, or the Committee if
applicable, an amendment that requires stockholder approval in order for the Plan to continue to comply with any law, regulation
or stock exchange requirement shall not be effective unless approved by the requisite vote of stockholders. Except as provided
in Section 11(a) of the Plan, no suspension, termination, modification or amendment of the Plan may adversely affect any award
previously granted, unless the written consent of the Grantee is obtained.  

20.   Governing
Law.   

The
Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant hereto shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.  

21.   Section
409A of the Code.   

It
is the intention of the Company that no award shall be  deferred compensation  subject to Section 409A of the Code,
unless and to the extent that the Committee specifically determines otherwise as provided in this Section 21, and the Plan and
the terms and conditions of all awards shall be interpreted accordingly. The terms and conditions governing any awards that the
Committee determines will be subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be set forth in the applicable award Agreement and shall
comply in all respects with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, if one or more
of the payments or benefits received or to be received by a Grantee pursuant to an award would cause the Grantee to incur any
additional tax or interest under Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may reform such provision to maintain to the maximum
extent practicable the original intent of the applicable provision without violating the provisions of Section 409A of the Code.
Although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code, the Company does not warrant that any Award under the Plan will qualify for favorable tax treatment
under Section 409A of the Code or any other provision of federal, state, local or foreign law. The Company shall not be liable
to any Grantee for any tax, interest, or penalties that Grantee might owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise,
or payment of any award under the Plan.  

10  

</EX-10.1>

<EX-21.01>
 3
 f10k2016ex21i_zedgeinc.htm
 FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.01  

FOREIGN SUBSIDIARIES  

Name  

Country of  
          Formation    
 
     Zedge Europe AS 
       
     Norway  

</EX-21.01>

<EX-23.01>
 4
 f10k2016ex23i_zedgeinc.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.01   

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Zedge,
Inc.  

  New
York, New York  

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 No. 333-212600 of Zedge, Inc. of our
report dated October 26, 2016, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended July 31, 2016.  

/s/
BDO USA, LLP  

Woodbridge,
New Jersey  

  October
26, 2016  

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.01>
 5
 f10k2016ex31i_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.01  

Certification of Chief Executive
Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Tom Arnoy, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Tom Arnoy 

Tom Arnoy  

Chief Executive Officer  

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 6
 f10k2016ex31ii_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.02  

Certification of Chief Financial
Officer 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Jonathan Reich, certify that: 

1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Zedge, Inc.;   

2.  Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;   

3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;   

4.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:   

(a)  Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared;   

(b)  Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;   

(c)  Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and
presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and   

(d)  Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and   

5.  The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):   

(a)  All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize
and report financial information; and   

(b)  Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.   

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich  

Chief Financial Officer  

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 7
 f10k2016ex32i_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.01  

ZEDGE, INC. 

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ),
I, Tom Arnoy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Tom Arnoy 

Tom Arnoy  

Chief Executive Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by
Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained
by Zedge, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-32.02>
 8
 f10k2016ex32ii_zedgeinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.02  

ZEDGE, INC. 

Certification Pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
(as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report of Zedge, Inc. (the
 Company ) on Form 10-K for fiscal 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  Report ),
I, Jonathan Reich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1.  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934; and   

2.  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.   

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Reich 

Jonathan Reich  

Chief Financial Officer  

A signed original of this written statement required by Section
906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the
electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Zedge, Inc. and will be retained by
Zedge, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.INS>
 9
 zedg-20160731.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 zedg-20160731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 zedg-20160731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 zedg-20160731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 zedg-20160731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 zedg-20160731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

