<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1572694_0001193125-16-758892_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1334819</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192712</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>0</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>787242</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>89</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>3</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-16-758892.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103163057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-758892
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572694
		IRS NUMBER:				462176593
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00998
		FILM NUMBER:		161972090

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-902-0328

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 WEST STREET
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10282

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Goldman Sachs Liberty Harbor Capital, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130321

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-16-758892.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 d265466d10q.htm
 GOLDMAN SACHS BDC, INC.

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. 

UNITED STATES   
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
  Washington, D.C. 20549       
      FORM 10-Q   
           
    For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016   
  or   
    Commission file number 814-00998       
      Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)       
       
    Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: (212) 902-0300   
  Not Applicable      Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, If Changed Since Last Report.       
     Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    YES  X    NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).    YES         NO       
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.  

Large accelerated filer: 

Accelerated filer: 

Non-accelerated filer: 
   
 X 
    
 Smaller reporting company: 

(Do not check if a smaller 
 reporting company)  

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act).    YES         NO  X    The
number of shares of the registrant s common stock, $0.001 par value per share, outstanding at November 3, 2016 was 36,331,662.      

GOLDMAN SACHS BDC, INC.   

INDEX   
    
  PAGE   

PART I  
    
   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

4 

ITEM 1. 
    
  Financial Statements  

4 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  

4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and 2015 (Unaudited)  

5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and 2015 (Unaudited)  

6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and 2015 (Unaudited)  

7 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2015  

8 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited)  

14 

ITEM 2. 
    
  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

37 

ITEM 3. 
    
  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  

59 

ITEM 4. 
    
  Controls and Procedures  

60 

PART II  
    
   OTHER INFORMATION   

60 

ITEM 1. 
    
  Legal Proceedings  

60 

ITEM 1A. 
    
  Risk Factors  

60 

ITEM 2. 
    
  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  

62 

ITEM 3. 
    
  Defaults Upon Senior Securities  

62 

ITEM 4. 
    
  Mine Safety Disclosures  

62 

ITEM 5. 
    
  Other Information  

62 

ITEM 6. 
    
  Exhibits  

62 

SIGNATURES   

63 

2  

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   
 This report contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these
statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   should,   expect,   anticipate,   project,   target,   estimate,   intend, 
 continue  or  believe  or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss our plans, strategies, prospects and
expectations concerning our business, operating results, financial condition and other similar matters. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. Our forward-looking statements include information in
this report regarding general domestic and global economic conditions, our future financing plans, our ability to operate as a business development company ( BDC ) and the expected performance of, and the yield on, our portfolio companies.
There may be events in the future, however, that we are not able to predict accurately or control. The factors listed under  Risk Factors  in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and in this report,
as well as any cautionary language in this report, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements. The occurrence of the
events described in these risk factors and elsewhere in this report could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial position. Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date
of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. You are advised to consult any additional
disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on
Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Under Section 21E(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 do not apply to statements made in periodic reports we file under the Exchange Act, such as this quarterly report on Form 10-Q.  
 The following factors are among those that may cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements:

our future operating results;     

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting
the financial and capital markets;     

uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economic recovery;     

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of investments that we expect to make;     

the impact of increased competition;     

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties;     

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we
invest;     

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives;     

the relative and absolute performance of our investment adviser;     

our expected financings and investments;     

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments;     

our ability to make distributions;     

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital;     

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies;     

the impact of future acquisitions and divestitures;     

the effect of changes in tax laws and regulations and interpretations thereof;     

our ability to maintain our status as a BDC and a regulated investment company under Subchapter M of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;     

actual and potential conflicts of interest with Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. and its affiliates;

general price and volume fluctuations in the stock market;     

the ability of our investment advisor to attract and retain highly talented professionals;

the impact on our business from new or amended legislation or regulations; and     

the availability of credit and/or our ability to access the equity markets.     
      3  

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION   

ITEM 1.  
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS          Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      4  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Operations   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      5  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      6  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
        The accompanying notes are part of
these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      7  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
 
      8  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (continued)   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       
 
      9  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of September 30, 2016 (continued)   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

#   
   
   Percentages are based on net assets.     

(+)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 1 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.53%.     

(++)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.85%.     

(+++)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 6 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 1.24%.     

As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, the investment is deemed to be an  affiliated
person  of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and Related Parties .     

As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, the investment is deemed to be a  controlled affiliated
person  of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio
company. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and Related Parties .     

(1)   
   
   Assets are pledged as collateral for the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 6  Debt .

(2)   
   
   Security exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933. These securities may
be sold in certain transactions (normally to qualified institutional buyers) and remain exempt from registration. As of September 30, 2016, the aggregate fair value of these securities is $92,934 or 13.77% of the Company s net assets.

(3)   
   
   Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded
portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date, that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. See Note 7  Commitments and Contingencies .     

(4)   
   
   The negative cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding
on the loan. The negative fair value is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan.     

(5)   
   
   The investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company
may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the Company s total assets.     

(6)   
   
   In addition to the interest earned based on the stated rate of this loan, the Company may be entitled to
receive additional interest as a result of its arrangement with other lenders in a syndication.     

(7)   
   
   Non-income producing security.     

(8)   
   
   The investment is on non-accrual status as of September 30, 2016. See Note 2  Significant Accounting
Policies .     
 
 F   Federal Funds Rate (which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.28%)  
 L   LIBOR    P   U.S. Prime
Rate (which as of September 30, 2016 was 3.50%)    PIK   Payment-In-Kind  
      The accompanying notes are part of these unaudited consolidated
financial statements.   
      10  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2015   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)       
 
      11  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2015 (continued)   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)       

#    
   
     Percentages are based on net assets     

(+)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 1 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.43%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 1 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(++)    
   
       The
interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.61%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 3 month LIBOR rate at December 31,
2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31, 2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(+++)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 6 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.85%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 6 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.            The
accompanying notes are part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      12  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2015 (continued)   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)       

As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, the
investment is deemed to be an  affiliated person  of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 5% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and
Related Parties .     

As
defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, the investment is deemed to be a  controlled affiliated person  of the Company because the Company owns, either directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the portfolio company s outstanding
voting securities or has the power to exercise control over management or policies of such portfolio company. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and Related Parties .     

(1)    

Assets are pledged as collateral for
the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 6  Debt .     

(2)    
   
     Security exempt from registration pursuant to Rule 144A
under the Securities Act of 1933. These securities may be sold in certain transactions (normally to qualified institutional buyers) and remain exempt from registration. As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate fair value of these securities is
$97,141 or 14.11% of the Company s net assets.     

(3)    
   
       The
investment is not a qualifying asset under Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Company may not acquire any non-qualifying asset unless, at the time of acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of the
Company s total assets.     

(4)    
   
     Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan
commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date that may expire prior to the maturity date stated. See Note 7  Commitments and
Contingencies .     

(5)    
   
     The negative cost is the result of the capitalized
discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. The negative fair value is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan.     

(6)    
   
     In addition to the interest earned based on the stated
rate of this loan, the Company may be entitled to receive additional interest as a result of its arrangement with other lenders in a syndication.     

(7)    
   
     In addition, the Company holds 3,745,909 shares of voting
securities in an affiliated entity with zero cost and zero value.     

(8)    
   
     Non-income producing security.     

(9)    
   
     In addition, the Company holds 972,919 shares of voting
securities in an affiliated entity with zero cost and zero value.     
   F   Federal Funds Rate (which as of December 31,
2015 was 0.25%)    L   LIBOR  
 PIK   Payment-In-Kind      
  The accompanying notes are part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements.   
      13  

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.   
  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   
  (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   
  (Unaudited)       

1.  
  ORGANIZATION       Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (the  Company,  which term refers to
either Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. or Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiary, as the context may require) was initially established as Goldman Sachs Liberty Harbor Capital, LLC, a single member Delaware limited liability
company ( SMLLC ), on September 26, 2012 and commenced operations on November 15, 2012 with the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( Group Inc. ) as its sole member. On March 29, 2013, the Company elected to be regulated as a business
development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). Effective April 1, 2013, the Company converted from a SMLLC to a Delaware corporation (the  Conversion ).
In addition, the Company has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ), commencing with its taxable year ended December 31,
2013.    The Company s investment objective is to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily
through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments.  
 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. ( GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs   Co., is the
investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ) of the Company. The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to Group Inc., together with Goldman, Sachs   Co., GSAM and its other subsidiaries.  
 On March 23, 2015, the Company closed its initial public offering ( IPO ), issuing 6,000,000 shares of its common stock at a public
offering price of $20.00 per share. Net of offering and underwriting costs, the Company received cash proceeds of $114,568. On March 18, 2015, the Company s common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the
symbol  GSBD .    In April 2015, the Company issued a total of 900,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to the exercise of the
underwriters  over-allotment option in connection with the IPO. Net of underwriting costs, the Company received additional cash proceeds of $17,271.  
 In July 2015, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, DDDS BL, LLC, which is structured as a Delaware limited liability company.  

2.  
  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES        Basis of Presentation   
 The Company s functional currency is U.S. dollars and these consolidated financial statements have been prepared in that currency. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and pursuant to Regulation S-X. This requires the Company to make
certain estimates and assumptions that may affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These consolidated financial statements reflect adjustments that in the opinion of the Company are necessary for
the fair statement of the results for the periods presented. Actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions included in the consolidated financial statements.  
 Certain financial information that is included in annual consolidated financial statements, including certain financial statement disclosures,
prepared in accordance with GAAP, is not required for interim reporting purposes and has been condensed or omitted herein. These consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial
statements and notes related thereto for the year ended December 31, 2015, included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 2, 2016. The results for
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full fiscal year, any other interim period or any future year or period.  
      14  

Certain prior period information has been reclassified to conform to the current period
presentation. The reclassification has no effect on the Company s consolidated financial position or the consolidated results of operations as previously reported.  
 As an investment company, the Company applies the accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC )
Topic 946,  Financial Services   Investment Companies  ( ASC 946 ) .      Basis of Consolidation   
 As provided under ASC 946, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary
or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. Accordingly, the Company consolidated the financial position and results of operations of the Company s investment in DDDS BL, LLC. All significant
intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.    The Company does not consolidate its equity interest in
Senior Credit Fund, LLC (the  Senior Credit Fund ). For further description of the Company s investment in the Senior Credit Fund, see Note 4  Investments .  
  Revenue Recognition     The Company records
its investment transactions on a trade date basis. Realized gains and losses are based on the specific identification method.    Interest
income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis. Discounts and premiums to par value on investments purchased are accreted and amortized, respectively, into interest income over the life of the
respective investment using the effective interest method. Loan origination fees, original issue discount and market discounts or premiums are capitalized and amortized into interest income using the effective interest method or straight-line
method, as applicable. Upon prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment premiums, unamortized upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts are recorded as interest income. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company earned $434 and $704, respectively, in prepayment premiums and $551 and $1,111, respectively, in accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015,
the Company earned $800 and $1,375, respectively, in prepayment premiums and $899 and $1,276, respectively, in accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts.  
 Fees received from portfolio companies (directors  fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar
compensation) are paid to the Company, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, the Company only receives its allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as another
account managed by Goldman Sachs.    Dividend income on preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such
amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio
companies. Interest and dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any.    Certain investments may have contractual
payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest or dividends. PIK represents accrued interest or accumulated dividends that are added to the principal amount of the investment on the respective interest or dividend payment dates rather than being paid in
cash and generally becomes due at maturity or upon being called by the issuer. PIK is recorded as interest or dividend income, as applicable. If at any point the Company believes PIK is not expected to be realized, the investment generating PIK will
be placed on non-accrual status. Accrued PIK interest or dividends are generally reversed through interest or dividend income, respectively, when an investment is placed on non-accrual status.  
 Certain structuring fees and amendment fees are recorded as other income when earned. Administrative agent fees received by the Company are
recorded as other income when the services are rendered.     Non-Accrual Investments   
 Loans or debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued
interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on  non-accrual  loans or debt securities may be recognized as income or applied to
principal depending upon management s judgment.  
      15  

Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, principal and interest payments are likely
to remain current. The Company may make exceptions to this treatment if a loan or debt security has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of September 30, 2016, the Company had one investment on non-accrual status,
which represented 4.0% and 3.7% of the total investments (excluding an investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. of $3) at amortized cost and at fair value, respectively. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had no
investments on non-accrual status.     Investments   
 The Company carries its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820,  Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ),
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ), which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is generally based on quoted market
prices provided by independent pricing services, broker or dealer quotations or alternative price sources. In the absence of quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative price sources, investments are measured at fair value as
determined by the board of directors (the  Board of Directors ).    Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation, certain
estimated fair values may differ significantly from the values that would have been realized had a ready market for these investments existed, and these differences could be material. See Note 5  Fair Value Measurement .  
 The Company generally invests in illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments, of middle-market companies. The Board of
Directors has delegated to the Investment Adviser day-to-day responsibility for implementing and maintaining internal controls and procedures related to the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments. Under valuation procedures adopted by
the Board of Directors, market quotations are generally used to assess the value of the investments for which market quotations are readily available. The Investment Adviser obtains these market quotations from independent pricing services or at the
bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available; otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. To assess the continuing appropriateness of pricing sources and methodologies, the Investment Adviser
regularly performs price verification procedures and issues challenges as necessary to independent pricing services or brokers, and any differences are reviewed in accordance with the valuation procedures. If the Board of Directors or
Investment Adviser has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quotation does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investment in accordance with valuation procedures for investments for which market
quotations are not readily available.    With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which
market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, the valuation procedures adopted by the Board of Directors contemplate a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:  

(1) 
   The quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of the Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment;         

(2) 
   The Board of Directors also engages independent valuation firms (the  Independent Valuation
Advisors ) to provide independent valuations of the investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment. The Independent Valuation Advisors
independently value such investments using quantitative and qualitative information provided by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser as well as any market quotations obtained from independent pricing services, brokers, dealers or
market dealers. The Independent Valuation Advisors also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations. The Independent Valuation Advisors provide an opinion on a final range of values on such investments to the Board of
Directors or the Audit Committee. The Independent Valuation Advisors define fair value in accordance with ASC 820 and utilize valuation techniques including the market approach, the income approach or both. A portion of the portfolio is reviewed on
a quarterly basis, and all investments in the portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available, but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, are reviewed at least annually by an Independent
Valuation Advisor;         

(3) 
   The Independent Valuation Advisors  preliminary valuations are reviewed by the Investment Adviser and the
Valuation Oversight Group ( VOG ), a team that is part of the Controllers Department within the Finance Division of Goldman Sachs. The Independent Valuation Advisors  valuation ranges are compared to the Investment Adviser s
valuations to     
      16  

ensure the Investment Adviser s valuations are reasonable. VOG presents the valuations to the Private Investment Sub-Committee of the Investment Management Division Valuation Committee,
which is comprised of representatives from GSAM who are independent of the investment decision making process;         

(4) 
   The Investment Management Division Valuation Committee ratifies fair valuations and makes recommendations to
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors;         

(5) 
   The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors reviews valuation information provided by the Investment
Management Division Valuation Committee, the Investment Adviser and the Independent Valuation Advisors. The Audit Committee then assesses such valuation recommendations; and     

(6) 
   The Board of Directors discusses the valuations and, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act,
determines the fair value of the investments in good faith, based on the inputs of the Investment Adviser, the Independent Valuation Advisors and the Audit Committee.     
  Money Market Funds     Investments in money
market funds are valued at amortized cost, which approximates fair value. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and Related Parties .     Cash
    Cash consists of deposits held at a custodian bank. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company held $14,670 and
$22,710, respectively, in cash.     Foreign Currency Translation        
 Amounts denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) investments and other assets and
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates effective on the date of valuation; and (ii) purchases and sales of investments and income and expense items denominated in foreign
currencies are translated into U.S. dollars based upon currency exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates.    The Company does not
isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from fluctuations arising from changes in market prices of securities held. Such fluctuations are included within the net realized and
unrealized gains or losses on investment transactions.     Income Taxes   
 The Company recognizes tax positions in its consolidated financial statements only when it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority based on the technical merits of the position. A position that meets this standard is measured at the largest amount of benefit that will more likely than not be realized upon settlement.
The Company reports any interest expense related to income tax matters in income tax expense, and any income tax penalties under expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  
 The Company s tax positions have been reviewed based on applicable statutes of limitation for tax assessments, which may vary by
jurisdiction, and based on such review, the Company has concluded that no additional provision for income tax is required in the Company s consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to potential examination by certain taxing
authorities in various jurisdictions. The Company s tax positions are subject to ongoing interpretation of laws and regulations by taxing authorities.  
 Effective April 1, 2013, the Company converted from an SMLLC into a corporation for U.S. tax purposes and elected to be treated as a RIC
commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2013. So long as the Company maintains its status as a RIC, it will generally not be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any ordinary income or capital gains that it distributes
at least annually to its stockholders as dividends. As a result, any U.S. federal income tax liability related to income earned and distributed by the Company represents obligations of the Company s stockholders and will not be reflected in the
consolidated financial statements of the Company. The Company s conversion from an SMLLC to a RIC was considered a taxable event.  
      17  

To maintain its status as a RIC, the Company must meet specified source-of-income and asset
diversification requirements and timely distribute to its stockholders for each taxable year at least 90% of its investment company taxable income (generally, its net ordinary income plus the excess of its realized net short-term capital gains over
realized net long-term capital losses, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction). In order for the Company not to be subject to U.S. federal excise taxes, it must distribute annually an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of
its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of its capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (iii) any net
ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. The Company, at its discretion, may carry forward taxable income in excess of calendar year dividends and pay a 4%
nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on this income. If the Company chooses to do so, this generally would increase expenses and reduce the amount available to be distributed to stockholders. The Company will accrue excise tax on estimated
undistributed taxable income as required. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company accrued excise taxes of $294 and $728, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $722 of accrued excise taxes remained payable. For the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company accrued excise taxes of $174 and $264, respectively.    Distributions   
 Distributions from net investment income and net realized capital gains are determined in accordance with U.S. federal income tax regulations,
which may differ from those amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The Company may pay distributions in excess of its taxable net investment income. This excess would be a tax-free return of capital in the period and reduce the
stockholder s tax basis in its shares. These book/tax differences are either temporary or permanent in nature. To the extent these differences are permanent they are charged or credited to paid-in capital in excess of par, accumulated
undistributed net investment income or accumulated net realized gain (loss), as appropriate, in the period that the differences arise. Temporary and permanent differences are primarily attributable to differences in the tax treatment of certain
loans and the tax characterization of income and non-deductible expenses. These differences are generally determined in conjunction with the preparation of the Company s annual RIC tax return. Distributions to common stockholders are recorded
on the ex-dividend date. The amount to be paid out as a distribution is determined by the Board of Directors each quarter and is generally based upon the earnings estimated by the Investment Adviser. The Company may pay distributions to its
stockholders in a year in excess of its net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and, accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Company intends to timely
distribute to its stockholders substantially all of its annual taxable income for each year, except that the Company may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of the Company s taxable income earned in a
year, the Company may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. The specific tax characteristics of the Company s distributions will be reported to stockholders
after the end of the calendar year. All distributions will be subject to available funds, and no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to declare such distributions in future periods.  
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of all cash distributions declared by the Board of
Directors unless a stockholder elects to  opt out  of the plan. As a result, if the Board of Directors declares a cash distribution, then the stockholders who have not  opted out  of the dividend reinvestment plan will have their
cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. Stockholders who receive distributions in the form of shares of common stock will generally be subject to the same U.S.
federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions and, for this purpose, stockholders receiving distributions in the form of stock will generally be treated as receiving distributions equal to the fair market value of
the stock received through the plan; however, since their cash distributions will be reinvested, those stockholders will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes. Due to regulatory considerations, Group Inc. has opted out of the
dividend reinvestment plan, and Goldman, Sachs   Co. has opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan in respect of shares of the Company s common stock acquired through its 10b5-1 plan. See Note 3  Significant Agreements and
Related Parties .     Equity Offering Costs   
 Equity offering costs consist primarily of fees and expenses incurred in connection with the offering of shares, including legal, underwriting,
printing and other costs, as well as costs associated with the preparation and filing of applicable registration statements. Upon the issuance of shares, equity offering costs are offset against proceeds of the offering in paid-in capital in excess
of par.  
      18  

3.  
  SIGNIFICANT AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTIES        Investment Management Agreement  
 The Company has entered into an investment management agreement (as amended and restated as of January 1, 2015, the  Investment Management
Agreement ) with the Investment Adviser, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser manages the Company s investment program and related activities.  
  Management Fee     The Company pays the
Investment Adviser a management fee (the  Management Fee ), accrued and payable quarterly in arrears. The Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50% (0.375% per quarter) of the average value of the Company s gross assets
(excluding cash or cash equivalents (such as investments in money market funds), but including assets purchased with borrowed amounts) at the end of each of the two most recently completed calendar quarters (and, in the case of our first quarter,
our gross assets as of such quarter-end). The Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately prorated.    For the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2016, Management Fees amounted to $4,292 and $12,606, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $4,292 remained payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, Management Fees amounted to $4,089 and
$11,199, respectively.     Incentive Fee   
 The incentive fee (the  Incentive Fee ) consists of two components that are determined independent of each other, with the result
that one component may be payable even if the other is not. Effective as of January 1, 2015, the Incentive Fee is calculated as follows:  
 A portion of the Incentive Fee is based on income and a portion is based on capital gains, each as described below. The Investment Adviser is
entitled to receive the Incentive Fee based on income if Ordinary Income (as defined below) exceeds a quarterly  hurdle rate  of 1.75%. For this purpose, the hurdle is computed by reference to the Company s net asset value
( NAV ) and does not take into account changes in the market price of the Company s common stock.    Beginning with the
calendar quarter that commenced on January 1, 2015, the Incentive Fee based on income is determined and paid quarterly in arrears at the end of each calendar quarter by reference to the Company s aggregate net investment income, as adjusted as
described below, from the calendar quarter then ending and the eleven preceding calendar quarters (or if shorter, the number of quarters that have occurred since January 1, 2015) (such period the  Trailing Twelve Quarters ). The Incentive
Fee based on capital gains is determined and paid annually in arrears at the end of each calendar year by reference to an  Annual Period,  which means the period beginning on January 1 of each calendar year and ending on
December 31 of such calendar year or, in the case of the first and last year, the appropriate portion thereof.    The hurdle amount for
the Incentive Fee based on income is determined on a quarterly basis and is equal to 1.75% multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The hurdle amount
is calculated after making appropriate adjustments for subscriptions (which includes all of the Company s issuances of shares of its common stock, including issuances pursuant to its dividend reinvestment plan) and distributions that occurred
during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. The Incentive Fee for any partial period will be appropriately prorated.     i. Quarterly Incentive Fee
Based on Income     For the portion of the Incentive Fee based on income, the Company pays the Investment Adviser a quarterly Incentive
Fee based on the amount by which (A) aggregate net investment income ( Ordinary Income ) in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters exceeds (B) the hurdle amount for such Trailing Twelve Quarters. The amount of the excess of (A)
over (B) described in this paragraph for such Trailing Twelve Quarters is referred to as the  Excess Income Amount . Ordinary Income is net of all fees and expenses, including the Management Fee but excluding any Incentive Fee.  
 The Incentive Fee based on income for each quarter is determined as follows:  

No Incentive Fee based on income is payable to the Investment Adviser for any calendar quarter for which there
is no Excess Income Amount;         

100% of the Ordinary Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle amount, but is less than or equal to an amount,
referred to as the  Catch-up Amount,  determined as the sum of 2.1875% multiplied by the Company s NAV at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters is included in the
calculation of the Incentive Fee based on income; and         

20% of the Ordinary Income that exceeds the Catch-up Amount is included in the calculation of the Incentive
Fee based on income.     
      19  

The amount of the Incentive Fee based on income that is paid to the Investment Adviser for a
particular quarter equals the excess of the Incentive Fee so calculated minus the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing
Twelve Quarters but not in excess of the Incentive Fee Cap (as described below).    The Incentive Fee based on income that is paid to the
Investment Adviser for a particular quarter is subject to a cap (the  Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap for any quarter is an amount equal to (a) 20% of the Cumulative Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing
Twelve Quarters minus (b) the aggregate Incentive Fees based on income that were paid in respect of the first eleven calendar quarters (or the portion thereof) included in the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters.  
  Cumulative Net Return  means (x) the Ordinary Income in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters minus (y) any Net Capital
Loss, if any, in respect of the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company pays no Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser for such quarter. If, in any
quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is a positive value but is less than the Incentive Fee based on income that is payable to the Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described
above, the Company pays an Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter is equal to or greater than the Incentive Fee based on
income that is payable to the Investment Adviser for such quarter (before giving effect to the Incentive Fee Cap) calculated as described above, the Company pays an Incentive Fee based on income to the Investment Adviser equal to the Incentive Fee
calculated as described above for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap.     Net Capital Loss  in respect of a
particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains, whether realized or unrealized, in such period.  
  ii. Annual Incentive Fee Based on Capital Gains.   
 The portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital gains is calculated on an annual basis. For each Annual Period, the Company pays the
Investment Adviser an amount equal to (A) 20% of the difference, if positive, of the sum of the Company s aggregate realized capital gains, if any, computed net of the Company s aggregate realized capital losses, if any, and the
Company s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, in each case from April 1, 2013 until the end of such Annual Period minus (B) the cumulative amount of Incentive Fees based on capital gains previously paid to the Investment Adviser from
April 1, 2013. For the avoidance of doubt, unrealized capital appreciation is excluded from the calculation in clause (A) above.    The
Company accrues, but does not pay, a portion of the Incentive Fee based on capital gains with respect to net unrealized appreciation. Under GAAP, the Company is required to accrue an Incentive Fee based on capital gains that includes net realized
capital gains and losses and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the accrual for the Incentive Fee based on capital gains, the Company considers the cumulative aggregate
unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, since an Incentive Fee based on capital gains would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be
considered in calculating the fee payable under the Investment Management Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation or
depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then the Company records a capital gains incentive fee equal to 20% of such amount, minus the aggregate amount of actual Incentive Fees based on capital gains paid in all prior
periods. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future.  
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred Incentive Fees based on income of $5,459 and $8,948,
respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, the Company recorded a reduction of incentive fees of $224 related to a prior period.  
      20  

As of September 30, 2016, $5,683 remained payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred Incentive Fees based on income of $3,515 and $11,426, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company did not accrue any Incentive Fees based on capital gains.    Administration
and Custodian Fees     The Company has entered into an administration agreement with State Street Bank and Trust Company (the
 Administrator ) under which the Administrator provides various accounting and administrative services to the Company. The Company pays the Administrator fees for its services as it determines to be commercially reasonable in its sole
discretion. The Company also reimburses the Administrator for all reasonable expenses. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Administrator pays any compensation associated with such functions. The Administrator
also serves as the Company s custodian (the  Custodian ).    For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the
Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Administrator and the Custodian of $212 and $633, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $360 remained payable. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred
expenses for services provided by the Administrator and the Custodian of $194 and $577, respectively.     Transfer Agent Fees   
 Effective May 2, 2016, the Company entered into a transfer agency and services agreement pursuant to which Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
serves as the Company s transfer agent (the  Transfer Agent ), dividend agent and registrar. From the IPO to May 1, 2016, State Street Bank and Trust Company served as the Transfer Agent and dividend agent. Prior to the IPO, Goldman,
Sachs   Co. was the Transfer Agent. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Transfer Agent of $1 and $21, respectively. As of September 30, 2016, $4 remained payable. For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company incurred expenses for services provided by the Transfer Agent of $14 and $66, respectively.  
  Reimbursement from Investment Adviser     In
connection with the IPO, the Investment Adviser paid 70%, or approximately $5,040, of the sales load. In addition, in April 2015, the Investment Adviser paid 70%, or approximately $756, of the sales load related to the exercise of the
underwriters  over-allotment option.     10b5-1 Plan   
 Goldman, Sachs   Co. adopted a 10b5-1 plan (the  GS 10b5-1 Plan ) in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which provided for the purchase by Goldman, Sachs   Co. in the open market up to the lesser of (i) $25,000 in the aggregate of the Company s common stock and
(ii) such amount that would not bring its collective ownership (with Group Inc.) of the Company s common stock over 19.9%. The GS 10b5-1 Plan expired on March 18, 2016. The GS 10b5-1 Plan required Goldman, Sachs   Co. to purchase
shares of the Company s common stock when the market price per share was below the Company s most recently reported NAV per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by the Company to any previously
announced NAV per share). The purchase of shares by Goldman, Sachs   Co. pursuant to the GS 10b5-1 Plan was intended to satisfy the conditions of Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, and was otherwise subject to applicable law,
including Regulation M. Under the GS 10b5-1 Plan, Goldman, Sachs   Co. increased the volume of purchases made anytime the market price per share of the Company s common stock declined below the most recently reported NAV per
share, subject to volume restrictions. Purchases of the Company s common stock by Goldman, Sachs   Co. under the GS 10b5-1 Plan may have resulted in the price of the Company s common stock being higher than the price that otherwise
might have existed in the open market. For the period January 1, 2016 through March 18, 2016, Goldman, Sachs   Co. purchased 432,638 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the GS 10b5-1 Plan.  
  Common Stock Repurchase Plans     In
February 2015, the Company s Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase plan (the  Company Repurchase Plan ), which authorized the Company s purchase of up to $35,000 of its common stock in the open market during open
trading periods. No repurchases were made pursuant to the Company Repurchase Plan which expired on March 18, 2016.  
      21  

In February 2016, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up
to $25,000 of the Company s common stock if the stock trades below the most recently announced NAV per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by the Company to any previously announced NAV per share), from
March 18, 2016 to March 18, 2017, subject to certain limitations. In connection with this authorization, the Company entered into a 10b5-1 plan (the  Company 10b5-1 Plan ). The Company 10b5-1 Plan provides that purchases will be
conducted on the open market on a programmatic basis in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act and will otherwise be subject to applicable law, including Regulation M, which may prohibit purchases under certain
circumstances. No purchases will be effected pursuant to the Company 10b5-1 Plan if such purchase would (i) cause the aggregate ownership of the Company s outstanding common stock by Group Inc. and Goldman, Sachs   Co. to equal or
exceed 25.0% (due to the reduction in outstanding shares of stock as a result of such purchase) or (ii) cause the Company s debt/equity ratio to exceed 0.75. The Company 10b5-1 Plan took effect on March 18, 2016 (with any purchases to
commence after the opening of NYSE trading on March 21, 2016) and expires on March 18, 2017.    The Company s repurchase of
its common stock under the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise may result in the price of the Company s common stock being higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016,
the Company did not repurchase any of its common stock pursuant to the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise.     Affiliates   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, Group Inc. owned 17.85% and 16.67%, respectively, of the outstanding shares of the
Company s common stock.    The Company s investments in affiliates for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 were as follows:

(1)   
   
   Together with The Regents of the University of California ( Cal Regents , and collectively with the
Company, the  Members ), the Company co-invests through the Senior Credit Fund. Although the Company owns more than 25% of the voting securities of the Senior Credit Fund, the Company does not believe that it has control over the Senior
Credit Fund (other than for purposes of the Investment Company Act). See Note 4  Investments .     

(2)   
   
   Fund advised by an affiliate of Goldman Sachs.     

(3)   
   
   Formerly known as Lone Pine Resources CDA, Ltd.     

(4)   
   
   Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio
investments, PIK interest or dividends, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this category from a different category.

(5)   
   
   Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections
related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category.     
      22  

The Company s investments in affiliates for the year ended December 31, 2015 were as
follows:      

(1)  
   
     Together with Cal Regents, the Company co-invests through
the Senior Credit Fund. Although the Company owns more than 25% of the voting securities of the Senior Credit Fund, the Company does not believe that it has control over the Senior Credit Fund (other than for purposes of the Investment Company Act).
See Note 4  Investments .     

(2)  
   
     Fund advised by an affiliate of Goldman Sachs.

(3)  
   
     Gross additions may include increases in the cost basis of
investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest or dividends, the accretion of discounts, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company into this
category from a different category.     

(4)   
   
   Gross reductions may include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections
related to investment repayments or sales, the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities and the movement of an existing portfolio company out of this category into a different category.     

4.  
  INVESTMENTS       As of the dates indicated, the Company s investments (excluding an
investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. of $3 and $10,117, respectively) consisted of the following:      

1    
   
     Includes equity investments in the Senior Credit Fund.
      As of the dates indicated, the industry composition of the Company s portfolio at fair value was as follows:  

23  

As of the dates indicated, the geographic composition of the Company s portfolio at fair
value was as follows:      
    Senior Credit Fund, LLC   
 The Senior Credit Fund, an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company, was formed on May 7, 2014 and commenced operations on October 1,
2014. Effective July 18, 2014, the Company agreed to a joint venture with Cal Regents through the Senior Credit Fund. The Senior Credit Fund s principal purpose is to make investments, either directly or indirectly through its wholly owned
subsidiary, Senior Credit Fund SPV I, LLC ( SPV I ), primarily in senior secured loans to middle-market companies. Each of the Company and Cal Regents has a 50% economic ownership in the Senior Credit Fund and each has subscribed to fund
$100,000. Except under certain circumstances, contributions to the Senior Credit Fund cannot be redeemed. The Senior Credit Fund is managed by a six member board of managers, on which the Company and Cal Regents have equal representation. Investment
decisions generally must be unanimously approved by a quorum of the board of managers.    The Senior Credit Fund has entered into a
revolving credit facility (the  Subscription Facility ) with Versailles Assets LLC, as lender, and Natixis, New York Branch ( Natixis ), as the facility agent. The Subscription Facility provides for borrowings in an aggregate
amount up to $50,000 on a committed basis. The Senior Credit Fund s obligations to Natixis and the lenders are secured by the unfunded subscriptions of the Company and Cal Regents, proceeds of such subscriptions and certain other assets. On
September 30, 2016, the Senior Credit Fund paid in full all loans outstanding and the Subscription Facility was terminated. In connection thereof, the related documents governing the Subscription Facility were also terminated. As of September 30,
2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund s outstanding borrowings under the Subscription Facility were $0 and $45,700, respectively. SPV I has entered into a revolving credit facility (the  SPV I Revolving Credit Facility )
and term loan facility (the  SPV I Term Loan Facility  and, together with the SPV I Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, the  Asset Based Facility ) with various lenders. For the Asset Based Facility, Natixis serves as the
facility agent, and State Street Bank and Trust Company serves as the collateral agent. The Asset Based Facility includes a maximum borrowing capacity of $400,000. The SPV I Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings in an aggregate amount up
to $185,000 on a committed basis. As of September 30, 2016, the SPV I Term Loan Facility consisted of a $115,000 fully drawn term loan. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the SPV I s outstanding borrowings under the Asset Based
Facility were $229,967 and $139,850, respectively.    As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company and Cal Regents had
subscribed to fund and contributed the following to the Senior Credit Fund:      
   As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund had total investments in senior secured
debt at fair value of $392,260 and $285,586, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund had no investments on non-accrual status. In addition, as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior
Credit Fund had an investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. with a total fair value of $4,614 and $21,830, respectively. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, the Senior Credit Fund had one unfunded commitment
totaling $3,356 and no unfunded commitments as of December 31, 2015.    In October 2014, the Senior Credit Fund purchased seven investments
at fair value, as prescribed under the valuation procedures in Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies , from the Company for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $97,640. In connection with the transaction, the Company
recorded a realized gain of $2.    Below is a summary of the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio, excluding an investment in a money market
fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc., followed by a listing of the individual loans in the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1)   
   
   At par amount.     

(2)   
   
   Computed as the (a) annual stated interest rate on accruing senior secured debt, divided by (b) total senior
secured debt at par amount.     
      24  

Senior Credit Fund Portfolio as of September 30, 2016   

(+)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 1 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.53%.     

(++)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.85%.     

(+++)   
   
   The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 6 month LIBOR,
which as of September 30, 2016 was 1.24%.     

(1)   
   
   Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded
portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date, that may expire prior to the maturity date stated.     

(2)   
   
   The negative cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding
on the loan.     

(4)   
   
   Initial investment was purchased at fair value from the Company in October 2014.     

(5)   
   
   The Company also holds a portion of the 2nd lien/senior secured debt in this portfolio company.

L   LIBOR  
      25  

Senior Credit Fund Portfolio as of December 31, 2015   

(+)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 1 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.43%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 1 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(++)    
   
       The
interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.61%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 3 month LIBOR rate at December 31,
2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31, 2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(+++)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 6 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.85%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 6 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(2)    
   
     Initial investment was purchased at fair value from the
Company in October 2014.     
   L   LIBOR  
      26  

Below is selected balance sheet information for the Senior Credit Fund as of September 30, 2016
and December 31, 2015:      
     
   Below
is selected statements of operations information for the Senior Credit Fund for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
    Loan Origination and Structuring Fees   
 If the loan origination and structuring fees earned by the Senior Credit Fund (including directly or indirectly through SPV I or another
vehicle) during a period exceed the Senior Credit Fund s expenses (excluding interest and credit facility expenses), such excess is paid as a fee to the Member(s) responsible for the origination of the loans pro rata in accordance with the
total loan origination and structuring fees earned by the Senior Credit Fund with respect to the loans originated by such Member. The loan origination and structuring fee is accrued quarterly and included in other income from controlled affiliated
investments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and paid annually. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company accrued income based on loan origination and structuring fees of $1,074 and $1,618, respectively. For the
three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, the Company accrued income based on loan origination and structuring fees of $0 and $446, respectively.  
      27  

5.  
  FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT       The fair value of a financial instrument is the amount that
would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (i.e., the exit price).  
 The fair value hierarchy under ASC 820 prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The levels used for classifying investments are not
necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:  
  Basis of Fair Value Measurement     Level 1
  Inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 include unrestricted securities, including equities
and derivatives, listed in active markets.    Level 2   Inputs to the valuation methodology are other than quoted prices in active
markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments in this category include less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active
markets, government and agency securities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs.  
 Level 3   Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the
determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are included in this category include investments in privately held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value
is based on unobservable inputs.    A financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any
input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  should be read in conjunction with the information outlined below.  
 The table below presents the valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs generally used in determining the fair value of
Level 2 Instruments.      

Level 2 Instruments  
    
  Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs   

Equity and Fixed Income  
    
   The types of instruments that trade in markets that are not considered to be
active but are valued based on quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency include commercial paper, most government agency obligations, most corporate debt
securities, certain mortgage-backed securities, certain bank loans, less liquid publicly listed equities, certain state and municipal obligations, certain money market instruments and certain loan commitments. 
     Valuations of Level 2 Equity and Fixed Income instruments
can be verified to quoted prices, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. Consideration is given to the nature of the quotations (e.g. indicative or firm) and the relationship of
recent market activity to the prices provided from alternative pricing sources.   
 
      28  

The table below presents the valuation techniques and the nature of significant inputs generally
used in determining the fair value of Level 3 Instruments.      

Level 3 Instruments  
    
  Valuation Techniques and Significant Inputs   

Bank Loans, Corporate Debt, and Other Debt Obligations  
    
   Valuations are generally based on discounted cash flow techniques, for which the
significant inputs are the amount and timing of expected future cash flows, market yields and recovery assumptions. The significant inputs are generally determined based on relative value analyses, which incorporate comparisons both to credit
default swaps that reference the same underlying credit risk and to other debt instruments for the same issuer for which observable prices or broker quotes are available. Other valuation methodologies are used as appropriate including market
comparables, transactions in similar instruments and recovery/liquidation analysis.   
 
    Equity   
    
   Recent third-party investments or pending transactions are considered to be the
best evidence for any change in fair value. When these are not available, the following valuation methodologies are used, as appropriate and available: 
      Transactions in similar instruments; 
      Discounted cash flow techniques; 
      Third party appraisals; and 
      Industry multiples and public comparables. 
 Evidence includes recent or pending reorganizations (for example, merger proposals, tender offers and debt restructurings) and significant
changes in financial metrics, including:        Current financial performance
as compared to projected performance;        Capitalization rates and multiples; and 
      Market yields implied by transactions of similar or related assets.   
   The tables below present the ranges of significant unobservable inputs used to value the Company s Level
3 assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. These ranges represent the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of instrument, but they do not represent a range of values for any
one instrument. For example, the lowest yield in 1st Lien/Senior Secured is appropriate for valuing that specific debt investment, but may not be appropriate for valuing any other debt investments in this asset class. Accordingly, the ranges of
inputs presented below do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the Company s Level 3 assets and liabilities.      

1   
   
   Included within Level 3 Assets of $952,242 is an amount of $41,305 in which the Investment Adviser did not
develop the unobservable inputs (examples include single source broker quotations, third party pricing, and prior transactions).     

2   
   
   The fair value of any one instrument may be determined using multiple valuation techniques. For example, market
comparable and discounted cash flows may be used together to determine fair value. Therefore, the level 3 balance encompasses both of these techniques.     

3   
   
   The range for an asset category consisting of a single investment represents the relevant market data
considered in determining the fair value of the investment.     

4   
   
   Weighted average for an asset category consisting of multiple investments is calculated by weighting the
significant unobservable input by the relative fair value of the investment. Weighted average for an asset category consisting of a single investment represents the significant unobservable input used in the fair value of the investment.

5   
   
   Enterprise value of portfolio company as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization.     
      29  

1    
   
     Included within Level 3 Assets of $950,631 is an amount of
$57,880 for which the Investment Adviser did not develop the unobservable inputs (examples include single source broker quotations, third party pricing, and prior transactions).     

2    
   
     The fair value of any one instrument may be determined
using multiple valuation techniques. For example, market comparable and discounted cash flows may be used together to determine fair value. Therefore, the Level 3 balance encompasses both of these techniques.     

3    
   
     The range for an asset category consisting of a single
investment represents the relevant market data considered in determining the fair value of the investment.     

4   
   
   Weighted average for an asset category consisting of multiple investments is calculated by weighting the
significant unobservable input by the relative fair value of the investments. Weighted average for an asset category consisting of a single investment represents the significant unobservable input used in the fair value of the investment.

5    

Enterprise value of portfolio
company as a multiple of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization.     

6    
   
     Enterprise value of portfolio company as a multiple of oil
and gas production (barrels of oil equivalent per day).       As noted above, the income and market approaches were used in
the determination of fair value of certain Level 3 assets as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. The significant unobservable inputs used in the income approach are the discount rate or market yield used to discount the estimated future
cash flows expected to be received from the underlying investment, which include both future principal and interest payments. An increase in the discount rate or market yield would result in a decrease in the fair value. Included in the
consideration and selection of discount rates is risk of default, rating of the investment, call provisions and comparable company investments. The significant unobservable inputs used in the market approach are based on market comparable
transactions and market multiples of publicly traded comparable companies. Increases or decreases in market multiples would result in an increase or decrease, respectively, in the fair value.  
 The following is a summary of the Company s assets categorized within the fair value hierarchy as of September 30, 2016:  

1  
   
     Includes equity investments in the Senior Credit Fund.
      The following is a summary of the Company s assets categorized within the fair value hierarchy as of December 31,
2015:      

1  
   
     Includes equity investments in the Senior Credit Fund.
    
      30  

The following is a reconciliation of Level 3 assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2016:

(1)    
   
     Purchases may include PIK, securities received in
corporate actions and restructurings. Sales and Settlements may include securities delivered in corporate actions and restructuring of investments.     
 
 The following is a reconciliation of Level 3 assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2015:  

(1)    
   
     Purchases may include securities received in corporate
actions and PIK. Sales and Settlements may include securities delivered in corporate actions.     
 
 Transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are reported at the beginning of the reporting period in which they occur. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 were due to increased price transparency.     Debt   
 The fair value of the Company s debt, which would have been categorized as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy as of September
30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, approximates its carrying value.  
      31  

In accordance with the Investment Company Act, with certain exceptions, the
Company is only allowed to borrow amounts such that its asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Company s outstanding
borrowings were $471,250 and $419,000, respectively, and the Company s asset coverage ratio was 2.43 to 1 and 2.64 to 1, respectively.     Revolving
Credit Facility     On September 19, 2013, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility (as amended, the  Revolving Credit
Facility ) with various lenders. SunTrust Bank serves as administrative agent and Bank of America N.A. serves as syndication agent under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
 On October 3, 2014, the Company amended and restated the Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things:  

reduce the applicable margin of borrowings with respect to (i) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined
by reference to the alternate base rate from 1.50% to 1.25% and (ii) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the adjusted LIBOR rate from 2.50% to 2.25%.    
 On January 16, 2015, the Company exercised the right under the accordion feature and increased the size of the Revolving Credit Facility to
$535,000, on a committed basis.    On March 27, 2015, the Company exercised the right under the accordion feature and increased the size of
the Revolving Credit Facility to $560,000, on a committed basis.    On November 3, 2015, the Company further amended the Revolving Credit
Facility to, among other things:      

increase the aggregate borrowing amount to $570,000 on a committed basis;     

reduce the applicable margin of borrowings with respect to (i) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined
by reference to the alternate base rate from 1.25% to 0.75% or 1.00%, subject to borrowing base conditions and (ii) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the adjusted LIBOR rate from 2.25% to 1.75% or 2.00%, subject to
borrowing base conditions.      Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, including amounts drawn in respect of letters
of credit, bear interest (at the Company s election) of either LIBOR plus an applicable margin or an applicable margin plus the higher of the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5% or overnight LIBOR plus 1.0%. Interest is payable
quarterly in arrears. The Company pays a fee of 0.375% per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears. Any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility will mature, and all
accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, on November 4, 2020.    The Company s obligations to the lenders under the
Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially the Company s entire portfolio of investments and cash. The Revolving Credit Facility contains certain covenants, including: (i) maintaining a minimum
stockholder s equity of $458,159, subject to increase pending certain equity sales, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 2 to 1, (iii) maintaining a minimum liquidity test of at least 10% of the covered debt amount during any
period when the adjusted covered debt balance is greater than 90% of the adjusted borrowing base, as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility, and (iv) complying with restrictions on industry concentrations in the Company s investment
portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, the Company was in compliance with these covenants.    Costs of $8,247 were incurred in connection with
obtaining and amending the Revolving Credit Facility, which have been recorded as deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the life of the Revolving Credit Facility using the
straight-line method.  
      32  

The summary information of the Revolving Credit Facility for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:      

7.  
  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES        Commitments   
 The Company may enter into commitments to fund investments. The Company had the following unfunded commitments by investment types as of the
dates indicated:      

(1)   
   
   Commitments are generally subject to borrowers meeting certain criteria such as compliance with covenants and
certain operational metrics. These amounts may remain outstanding until the commitment period of an applicable loan expires, which may be shorter than its maturity.     

(2)   
   
   Net of capitalized fees, expenses, and original issue discounts.     

(3)   
   
   A negative fair value was reflected as investments, at fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and
Liabilities. The negative fair value is the result of the capitalized discount on the loan.        Contingencies   
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into contracts that provide a variety of general indemnifications. Any exposure to the
Company under these arrangements could involve future claims that may be made against the Company. Currently, no such claims exist or are expected to arise and, accordingly, the Company has not accrued any liability in connection with such
indemnifications.      

8.  
  NET ASSETS        Equity Issuances   
 On March 23, 2015, the Company completed its IPO, issuing 6,000,000 shares at $20.00 per share. Net of offering and underwriting costs,
the Company received cash proceeds of $114,568.  
      33  

In April 2015, the Company issued a total of 900,000 shares of its common stock pursuant to the
exercise of the underwriters  over-allotment option in connection with the IPO. Net of underwriting costs, the Company received additional cash proceeds of $17,271.  
  Distributions     The following table
reflects the distributions declared on shares of the Company s common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016:      
   The following table reflects the distributions declared on shares of the Company s common stock during
the nine months ended September 30, 2015:      
    Dividend Reinvestment Plan   
 Concurrent with the IPO, the Company adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of all cash distributions declared by
the Board of Directors, unless a stockholder elects to  opt out  of the plan. As a result, if the Board of Directors declares a cash distribution, then the stockholders who have not  opted out  of the dividend reinvestment plan
will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution.  
 The following table summarizes shares distributed pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016
to stockholders who had not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan:      
   The following table summarizes shares distributed pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan during the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 to stockholders who had not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan:      
 
      34  

9.  
  EARNINGS PER SHARE       The following information sets forth the computation of basic and
diluted earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
   Diluted earnings per share equals basic earnings per share because there were no common stock equivalents
outstanding during the periods presented.      

10.  
  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS       Below is the schedule of financial highlights of the Company for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015:      

(1)    
   
     The per share data was derived by using the weighted
average shares outstanding during the applicable period.     

(2)    
   
     The per share data for distributions declared reflects the
actual amount of distributions declared per share for the applicable period.     

(3)    
   
     Total return based on net asset value is calculated as the
change in net asset value per share during the respective periods, assuming dividends and distributions, if any, are reinvested in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan.     

(4)    
   
     Total return based on market value is calculated as the
change in market value per share during the respective periods, assuming dividends and distributions, if any, are reinvested in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, the
beginning market value per share is based on the initial public offering price of $20.00 per share.     

(5)    
   
     Annualized except for certain operating expenses.

(6)    
   
     Annualized.     
 
      35  

Subsequent events after the Consolidated Statements of Assets and
Liabilities date have been evaluated through the date the unaudited consolidated financial statements were issued. Other than the items discussed below, the Company has concluded that there is no impact requiring adjustment or disclosure in the
consolidated financial statements.    On October 3, 2016, the Company closed an offering of $115,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured
convertible notes (the  Convertible Notes ), which amount includes $15,000 aggregate principal amount issued pursuant to the initial purchasers  exercise in full of an over-allotment option. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a
rate of 4.50% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on April 1, 2017. The Convertible Notes will mature on April 1, 2022, unless repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms
prior to such date. In certain circumstances, the Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, based on an initial conversion rate
of 40.8397 shares of the Company s common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $24.49 per share of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution
adjustments and the other terms of the indenture governing the Convertible Notes. The conversion price is approximately 10.0% above the $22.26 per share closing price of the Company s common stock on September 27, 2016. The Company will not
have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The sale of the Convertible Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $110,900. The Company used the net proceeds of the offering to pay down debt under the Revolving Credit
Facility.    On November 1, 2016, the Company s Board of Directors declared a quarterly distribution of $0.45 per share payable on or
about January 17, 2017 to holders of record as of December 31, 2016.  
      36  

ITEM 2.  
  MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS     
  The following discussion and other parts of this report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and
uncertainties. References to  we,   us,   our,  and the  Company,  mean Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. or Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiary, as the context may require. The discussion
and analysis contained in this section refers to our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
appearing elsewhere in this report. Please see  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with this discussion and analysis. Our actual results could
differ materially from those anticipated by such forward-looking information due to factors discussed under  Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  appearing elsewhere in this report.   
  OVERVIEW     We are a
specialty finance company focused on lending to middle-market companies. We are a closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company ( BDC ) under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the  Investment Company Act ). In addition, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company ( RIC ) under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the  Code ),
commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013. From our formation in 2012 through September 30, 2016, we have originated more than $1.60 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any
subsequent exits and repayments. We seek to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, capital appreciation primarily through direct originations of secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, and
unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt, as well as through select equity investments. Unitranche loans are first lien loans that may extend deeper in a company s capital structure than traditional first lien debt and may provide for a
waterfall of cash flow priority between different lenders in the unitranche loan. From time to time, we may find another lender to provide the  first out  portion of such loan and retain the  last out  portion of such loan, in
which case, the  first out  portion of the loan would generally receive priority with respect to payment of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder over the  last out  portion that we would continue to hold. The
term  mezzanine  refers to a loan that ranks senior only to a borrower s equity securities and ranks junior in right of payment to all of such borrower s other indebtedness.  
 We invest primarily in U.S. middle-market companies, which we believe are underserved by traditional providers of capital such
as banks and the public debt markets. In this report, we generally use the term  middle market companies  to refer to companies with earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) of between $5 million
and $75 million annually. However, we may from time to time invest in larger or smaller companies. We generate revenues primarily through receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may generate income from various loan
origination and other fees, dividends on direct equity investments and capital gains on the sales of investments. Fees received from portfolio companies (directors  fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar
compensation) are paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief therefrom, we only receive our allocable portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as another account managed by Goldman Sachs.
The companies in which we invest use our capital for a variety of purposes, including to support organic growth, fund acquisitions, make capital investments or refinance indebtedness.  
 Our origination strategy focuses on leading the negotiation and structuring of the loans or securities in which we invest and
holding the investments in our portfolio to maturity. In many cases, we are the sole investor in the loan or security in our portfolio. Where there are multiple investors, we generally seek to control or obtain significant influence over the rights
of investors in the loan or security. We generally seek to make investments that have maturities between three and ten years and range in size between $10 million and $75 million, although we may make larger or smaller investments on occasion. In
addition, part of our strategy involves a joint venture with the Regents of the University of California ( Cal Regents ) through the Senior Credit Fund, LLC (the  Senior Credit Fund ). The Senior Credit Fund s principal
purpose is to make investments, either directly or indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiary, Senior Credit Fund SPV I, LLC ( SPV I ), primarily in senior secured loans to middle-market companies.  
  KEY COMPONENTS OF OPERATIONS       Investments
     Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors,
including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment, the amount of capital we have available to us and the
competitive environment for the type of investments we make.    As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than
 qualifying assets  specified in the Investment Company Act, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70% of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in
 eligible portfolio companies.  Pursuant to rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ),  eligible portfolio companies  include certain companies that do not have any securities listed on a
national securities exchange and public companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange but whose market capitalization is less than $250 million.  
      37  

Revenues    
 We generate revenue in the form of interest income on debt investments and, to a lesser extent, capital gains and
distributions, if any, on equity securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Some of our investments may provide for deferred interest payments or payment-in-kind ( PIK ) interest. The principal amount of the debt investments
and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date.    We generate revenues primarily through
receipt of interest income from the investments we hold. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing managerial assistance and consulting fees. Portfolio company fees
(directors  fees, consulting fees, administrative fees, tax advisory fees and other similar compensation) will be paid to us, unless, to the extent required by applicable law or exemptive relief, if any, therefrom, we receive our allocable
portion of such fees when invested in the same portfolio company as other Accounts (as defined below), which other Accounts could receive their allocable portion of such fee. We do not expect to receive material fees as it is not our principal
investment strategy. We record contractual prepayment premiums on loans and debt securities as interest income.  
 Dividend income on preferred equity investments is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by
the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity investments is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies and on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest and
dividend income are presented net of withholding tax, if any.      Expenses    
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of the Management Fee and the Incentive Fee to Goldman Sachs Asset
Management, L.P. ( GSAM ), a Delaware limited partnership and an affiliate of Goldman, Sachs   Co., our investment adviser (the  Investment Adviser ), legal and professional fees, interest and credit facility expenses and
other operating and overhead related expenses. The Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensate our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other costs and expenses
of our operations and transactions in accordance with our Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement, including those relating to:      

our operational and organizational expenses;     

fees and expenses, including travel expenses, incurred by our Investment Adviser or payable to third parties
related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of consultants and experts) and fees and expenses from evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and
prospective investments;         

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments;     

fees and expenses incurred by us in connection with membership in investment company organizations;

brokers  commissions;     

the expenses of and fees for registering or qualifying our shares for sale and of maintaining our registration
and registering us as a broker or a dealer         

fees and expenses associated with calculating our net asset value ( NAV ) (including the costs and
expenses of any independent valuation firm);         

legal, auditing or accounting expenses;     

taxes or governmental fees;     

the fees and expenses of our administrator, transfer agent or sub-transfer agent;     

the cost of preparing stock certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue,
redemption or repurchase of our shares;         

the fees and expenses of our directors who are not affiliated with our Investment Adviser;

the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to our stockholders, the SEC and
other regulatory authorities;         

costs of holding stockholder meetings;     
      38  

listing fees;         

the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any
obligations enumerated by our certificate of incorporation or bylaws insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian;         

insurance premiums; and     

costs incurred in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or
dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other
extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business.       We expect our general and
administrative expenses to be relatively stable or decline as a percentage of total assets during periods of asset growth and to increase during periods of asset declines. Costs relating to future offerings of securities would be incremental.  
   Leverage      Our
senior secured revolving credit agreement (as amended, the  Revolving Credit Facility ) with SunTrust Bank as the administrative agent and Bank of America, N.A. as the syndication agent, allows us to borrow money and lever our investment
portfolio, subject to the limitations of the Investment Company Act, with the objective of increasing our yield. This is known as  leverage  and could increase or decrease returns to our stockholders. The use of leverage involves
significant risks. As a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, we are only permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, equals at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. Certain trading
practices and investments, such as reverse repurchase agreements, may be considered borrowings or involve leverage and thus may be subject to Investment Company Act restrictions. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations,
when we engage in such transactions, instead of maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 2 to 1, we may segregate or earmark liquid assets, or enter into an offsetting position, in an amount at least equal to our exposure, on a mark-to-market
basis, to such transactions (as calculated pursuant to requirements of the SEC). Short-term credits necessary for the settlement of securities transactions and arrangements with respect to securities lending will not be considered borrowings for
these purposes. Practices and investments that may involve leverage but are not considered borrowings are not subject to the Investment Company Act s asset coverage requirement and we will not otherwise segregate or earmark liquid assets or
enter into offsetting positions for such transactions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our Investment Adviser s and our Board of Directors  assessment of market conditions and other factors at the time of any proposed
borrowing.     PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY   
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund
managed by an affiliate of the Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ( Group Inc. ) of $0.00 million and $10.12 million, respectively) consisted of the following:      
 
      39  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the weighted average
yield on our portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.), at cost and fair value, were as follows:      

(1)    
   
     Computed based on the (a) annual stated interest rate
or yield earned plus amortization of fees and discounts on the performing debt and other income producing investments, divided by (b) the total investments (including investments on non-accrual and non-income producing investments) at amortized
cost or fair value, respectively.     

(2)    

Computed based on the net investment
income earned from the Senior Credit Fund for the respective trailing twelve months ended on the measurement date, which may include dividend income and loan origination and structuring fees, divided by our average member s equity at cost and
fair value, adjusted for equity contributions.       The following table presents certain selected
information regarding our investment portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.) as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:  

(1)   
   
   Includes the Senior Credit Fund as a single portfolio company. For details on the portfolio companies held
within the Senior Credit Fund, refer to the Senior Credit Fund, LLC Selected Financial Data.     

(2)    
   
     Measured on a fair value basis. Excludes investments, if
any, placed on non-accrual.     

(3)    

Includes income producing preferred
stock investments.     

(4)    
   
     For a particular portfolio company, EBITDA typically
represents net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization. The weighted average net debt to EBITDA represents the last dollar attachment point of our debt investments (net of cash) in our portfolio
companies as a multiple of EBITDA. Weighted average net debt to EBITDA and median EBITDA have been calculated as a percentage of debt investments and income producing preferred investments, including the Company s exposure to underlying debt
investments in the Senior Credit Fund and excluding collateral loans where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk. The weighted average interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to total interest expense) of our portfolio
companies reflects our performing portfolio companies  EBITDA as a multiple of interest expense and has been calculated as a percentage of performing debt investments and income producing preferred investments, including the Company s
exposure to underlying debt investments in the Senior Credit Fund and excluding collateral loans. Portfolio company statistics are derived from the most recently available financial statements of each portfolio company as of the respective reported
end date. Portfolio company statistics have not been independently verified by us and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount.     
 Our Investment Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. It monitors the financial trends of each
portfolio company to determine if they are meeting their respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. Our Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair
value of our investments, which may include the following:      

assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants;

periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic
sponsor to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments;         

comparisons to our other portfolio companies in the industry, if any;     

attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and

review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections of portfolio companies.
    
      40  

As part of the monitoring process, our Investment Adviser also employs an
investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our Investment Adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4. This system is intended primarily to reflect
the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (e.g., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account the performance of the portfolio
company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The grading system is as follows:      

investments with a grade of 1 involve the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk
factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit;     

investments graded 2 involve a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our
initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or
acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 2;         

investments graded 3 indicate that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment
has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due; and

an investment grade of 4 indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such
investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 4, most or all of the debt covenants are out of
compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 4, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit.     
 Our Investment Adviser grades the investments in our portfolio at least quarterly and it is possible that the grade of a
portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. For investments graded 3 or 4, our Investment Adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. The following table shows the composition of our
portfolio (excluding our investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc.) on the 1 to 4 grading scale as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.  
   
   The following table shows the amortized cost of our performing and non-accrual investments as
of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015.      
 
      41  

Loans or debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is
reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans or debt securities may be recognized
as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment. Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain
current. We may make exceptions to this treatment if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.  
 The following table shows our investment activity for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 by investment
type:      

(1)    
   
     Net of capitalized fees, expenses and original issue
discounts.     

(2)    
   
     May include positions originated during the period but not
held at the reporting date.     

(3)    

Calculated as of the end of the
relevant period and the maturity date of the individual investments.     

(4)    
   
     May include preferred stock investments.
       RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
 Our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

42  

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations after tax can vary from
period to period as a result of various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on the investment portfolio. As a
result, comparisons may not be meaningful.      Investment Income        
    Interest   
 Interest from investments, which includes prepayment premiums and accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and
unamortized discounts, decreased from $30.28 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $29.65 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to a decrease in non-recurring prepayment premiums and
accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts. Included in interest for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is $0.43 million and $0.80 million, respectively, in prepayment premiums and
$0.55 million and $0.90 million, respectively, in accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts.  
 Interest from investments, which includes prepayment premiums and accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and
unamortized discounts, increased from $80.48 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $85.27 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, primarily due to an increase in the average size of our portfolio year over
year. The amortized cost of the portfolio increased from $1,167.22 million as of September 30, 2015 to $1,185.64 million as of September 30, 2016. Included in interest for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is $0.70 million
and $1.38 million, respectively, in prepayment premiums and $1.11 million and $1.28 million, respectively, in accelerated accretion of upfront loan origination fees and unamortized discounts.  
  Dividend income     Dividend
income increased from $1.98 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.47 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of increased distributions from the Senior Credit Fund during the three
months ended September 30, 2016. The dividend income from Senior Credit Fund increased from $1.36 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.83 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016.  
 Dividend income increased from $4.49 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $6.57 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of increased distributions from the Senior Credit Fund during the nine months ended September 30, 2016. The dividend income from Senior Credit Fund increased from $2.64 million for the
nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $4.65 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. See  Senior Credit Fund, LLC  below for further detail.  
  Other income     Other
income increased from $0.64 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.83 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of excess loan origination fee income accrued from the Senior Credit
Fund.   Other income increased from $1.61 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.78 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 primarily as a result of excess loan origination fee income accrued from the Senior Credit Fund. 
      43  

Expenses        
    Interest and credit facility expense   
 Interest and credit facility expense increased from $3.05 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $3.63
million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in the average daily borrowings from $412.30 million to $500.07 million.  
 Interest and credit facility expense increased from $7.66 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $9.91
million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 primarily due to an increase in the average daily borrowings from $331.61 million to $460.47 million.  
  Management Fees and Incentive Fees   
 Management Fees increased from $4.09 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $4.29 million for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of an increase in gross assets, excluding cash and investments in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. Incentive Fees increased from $3.52 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2015 to $5.46 million for the three months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of an increase in the cap on Incentive Fees for the period which is due to an increase in unrealized appreciation on portfolio companies.  
 Management Fees increased from $11.20 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $12.61 million for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of an increase in gross assets, excluding cash and investments in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. Incentive Fees decreased from $11.43 million for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015 to $8.95 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as a result of a decrease in the cap on Incentive Fees for the period which is due to an increase in unrealized depreciation on portfolio companies.  
  Professional fees and other general and administrative expenses   
 Professional fees decreased from $0.94 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.64 million for the
three months ended September 30, 2016 due to a decrease in legal expenses; and other general and administrative expenses increased from $0.52 million for the three months ended September 30, 2015 to $0.96 million for the three months ended
September 30, 2016 due to an increase in costs associated with servicing our investment portfolio.    Professional fees
decreased from $2.06 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $1.82 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to a decrease in legal expenses; and other general and administrative expenses increased from
$1.81 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to $2.52 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 due to an increase in Directors  fees and in costs associated with servicing our investment
portfolio. 
      44  

Net Realized Gains (Losses)    
 The realized gains and losses on fully exited and partially exited portfolio companies during the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:      

(1)    

Effective July 1, 2016, Hunter
Defense Technologies, Inc. completed a restructuring whereby the second lien debt held by us was converted into non-interest bearing preferred and common equity. As a result, we realized a loss during the period.     
   Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) on Investments    
 Any changes in fair value are recorded as a change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. For further
details on the valuation process, refer to  Critical Accounting Policies Valuation of Portfolio Investments.  Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the three and nine months ended September 30,
2016 and 2015 were as follows:      
 
      45  

The change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments for the three
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following:      

(1)    
   
       For
the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, other, net includes gross unrealized appreciation of $5.70 million and $5.21 million, respectively, and gross unrealized depreciation of $(5.72) million and $(5.20) million,
respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015, other, net includes gross unrealized appreciation of $0.01 million and $0.04 million, respectively, and gross unrealized depreciation of $(0.07) million and
$(0.00) million, respectively.     

(2)   
   
   Unrealized appreciation on Hunter Defense Technologies, Inc. is the result of the reversal of previously
recognized depreciation upon the restructuring whereby the second lien debt held by us was converted into non-interest bearing preferred and common equity.     
      46  

SENIOR CREDIT FUND, LLC   
   Overview      The
Senior Credit Fund, an unconsolidated Delaware limited liability company, was formed on May 7, 2014 and commenced operations on October 1, 2014. Effective July 18, 2014, we agreed to a joint venture with Cal Regents through the Senior
Credit Fund. The Senior Credit Fund s principal purpose is to make investments, either directly or indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiary, SPV I, primarily in senior secured loans to middle-market companies. Each of us and Cal
Regents has a 50% economic ownership in the Senior Credit Fund and each has subscribed to fund $100.00 million. Except under certain circumstances, contributions to the Senior Credit Fund cannot be redeemed. The Senior Credit Fund is managed by
a six member board of managers, on which we and Cal Regents have equal representation. Investment decisions generally must be unanimously approved by a quorum of the board of managers. Establishing a quorum for the Senior Credit Fund s board of
managers requires at least four members to be present at a meeting, including at least two of our representatives and two of Cal Regents  representatives. If there are five members present at a meeting, all three representatives of Cal Regents
must be present to constitute a quorum.      Selected Financial Data    
 As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, we and Cal Regents had subscribed to fund and contributed the
following in the Senior Credit Fund:      
 
      47  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund
had total investments in senior secured debt at fair value of $392.26 million and $285.59 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund had no investments on non-accrual status. In addition,
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund had an investment in a money market fund managed by an affiliate of Group Inc. with a total fair value of $4.61 million and $21.83 million,
respectively. Additionally, as of September 30, 2016, the Senior Credit Fund had one unfunded commitment totaling $3.36 million.  
 Below is a summary of the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio (excluding an investment in a money market fund managed by an
affiliate of Group Inc.), followed by a listing of the individual loans in the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

(1)    
   
     At par amount.     

(2)    
   
     Computed as the (a) annual stated interest rate on
accruing senior secured debt divided by (b) total senior secured debt at par amount.     

(3)    
   
     Measured on a fair value basis.     

(4)    
   
     For a particular portfolio company of the Senior Credit
Fund, EBITDA typically represents net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization. The weighted average net debt to EBITDA represents the last dollar attachment point of the Senior Credit Fund s debt
investments (net of cash) in its portfolio companies as a multiple of EBITDA. Weighted average net debt to EBITDA and median EBITDA have been calculated as a percentage of the Senior Credit Fund s debt investments and income producing preferred
investments, excluding collateral loans where net debt to EBITDA may not be the appropriate measure of credit risk. The weighted average interest coverage ratio (EBITDA to total interest expense) of the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio companies
reflects its performing portfolio companies  EBITDA as a multiple of interest expense and has been calculated as a percentage of performing debt investments and income producing preferred investments, excluding collateral loans. Portfolio
company statistics are derived from the most recently available financial statements of each portfolio company of the Senior Credit Fund as of the respective reported end date. Statistics of the Senior Credit Fund s portfolio companies have not
been independently verified by us and may reflect a normalized or adjusted amount.     
      48  

Senior Credit Fund Portfolio as of September 30, 2016   

(+)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater
of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 1 month LIBOR, which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.53%.     

(++)    
   
       The
interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR, which as of September 30, 2016 was 0.85%.     

(+++)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to the greater
of a LIBOR floor or a base rate plus 6 month LIBOR, which as of September 30, 2016 was 1.24%.     

(1)   
   
   Position or portion thereof is an unfunded loan commitment, and no interest is being earned on the unfunded
portion. The unfunded loan commitment may be subject to a commitment termination date, that may expire prior to the maturity date stated.     

(2)   
   
   The negative cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding
on the loan.     

(4)   
   
   Initial investment was purchased at fair value from the Company in October 2014.     

(5)   
   
   The Company also holds a portion of the 2nd lien/senior secured debt in this portfolio company.
      L   LIBOR  
      49  

Senior Credit Fund Portfolio as of December 31, 2015   

(+)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 1 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.43%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 1 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(++)    
   
       The
interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate plus 3 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.61%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 3 month LIBOR rate at December 31,
2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31, 2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(+++)    
   
     The interest rate on these loans is subject to a base rate
plus 6 month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2015 was 0.85%. As the interest rate is subject to a minimum LIBOR floor which was greater than the 6 month LIBOR rate at December 31, 2015, the prevailing rate in effect as of December 31,
2015 was the base rate plus the LIBOR floor.     

(2)    
   
     Initial investment was purchased at fair value from us in
October 2014.       L   LIBOR  
      50  

Below is certain summarized balance sheet information for the Senior Credit Fund
as of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015:      

Below is certain summarized Statement of Operations information for the Senior Credit Fund for the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2016 and 2015:      
     Debt    
 The Senior Credit Fund has entered into a revolving credit facility (the  Subscription Facility ) with Versailles
Assets LLC as lender, and with Natixis, New York Branch ( Natixis ) as the facility agent. The Subscription Facility provides for borrowings in an aggregate amount up to $50.00 million on a committed basis. The Senior Credit Fund s
obligations to Natixis and the lenders are secured by the unfunded subscriptions of us and Cal Regents, proceeds of such subscriptions and certain other assets. On September 30, 2016, the Senior Credit Fund paid in full all loans outstanding
and the Subscription Facility was terminated. In connection thereof, the related documents governing the Subscription Facility were also terminated. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the Senior Credit Fund s outstanding
borrowings under the Subscription Facility were $0 and $45.70 million, respectively. The summary information of the Subscription Facility for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows:  

51  

SPV I has entered into a revolving credit facility (the  SPV I Revolving
Credit Facility ) and term loan facility (the  SPV I Term Loan Facility  and, together with the SPV I Revolving Credit Facility, as amended, the  Asset Based Facility ) with various lenders. For the Asset Based Facility,
Natixis serves as the facility agent, and State Street Bank and Trust Company serves as the collateral agent. The Asset Based Facility includes a maximum borrowing capacity of $400.00 million. The SPV I Revolving Credit Facility provides for
borrowings in an aggregate amount up to $185.00 million on a committed basis. As of September 30, 2016, the SPV I Term Loan Facility consisted of a $115.00 million fully drawn term loan. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the SPV
I s outstanding borrowings under the Asset Based Facility were $229.97 million and $139.85 million, respectively. The summary information of the Asset Based Facility for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as
follows:      
    FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES   
 The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for our investments in portfolio
companies, cash distributions to our stockholders or for other general corporate purposes, including paying for operating expenses or debt service to the extent we borrow or issue senior securities.  
 We expect to generate cash primarily from the net proceeds of any future offerings of securities, future borrowings and cash
flows from operations. To the extent we determine that additional capital would allow us to take advantage of additional investment opportunities, if the market for debt financing presents attractively priced debt financing opportunities, or if our
Board of Directors otherwise determines that leveraging our portfolio would be in our best interest and the best interests of our stockholders, we may enter into credit facilities in addition to our Revolving Credit Facility as discussed below, or
issue other senior securities. We would expect any such credit facilities may be secured by certain of our assets and may contain advance rates based upon pledged collateral. The pricing and other terms of any such facilities would depend upon
market conditions when we enter into any such facilities as well as the performance of our business, among other factors. In accordance with applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations, as a BDC, with certain limited exceptions, we are only
permitted to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least 2 to 1 after such borrowing. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our asset coverage ratio was 2.43 to
1 and 2.64 to 1, respectively. We may also refinance or repay any of our indebtedness at any time based on our financial condition and market conditions.  
 As of September 30, 2016, we had cash of approximately $14.67 million, a decrease of $8.04 million from
December 31, 2015. Cash used by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $11.47 million, primarily driven by purchases of investments of $219.90 million, partially offset by an increase
in net assets resulting from operations of $35.06 million, proceeds from sales and principal repayments of $139.50 million, net purchase of investments in the affiliated money market fund of $10.11 million and proceeds from other operating
activities of $23.76 million. Cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was approximately $3.43 million, primarily driven by proceeds from the borrowings on debt of $195.50 million,
partially offset by repayments on debt of $143.25 million, distributions paid of $48.74 million, and other financing activities of $0.08 million.  
 We may raise capital by securitizing certain of our investments, including through the formation of one or more collateralized
loan obligations or asset based facilities, while retaining all or most of the exposure to the performance of these investments. This would involve contributing a pool of assets to a special purpose entity, and selling debt interests in such entity
on a non-recourse or limited-recourse basis to purchasers. We may also pursue other forms of debt financing, including potentially from the Small Business Administration through a future small business investment company subsidiary.  
      52  

Equity Issuances    
 On March 23, 2015, we completed our IPO, issuing 6,000,000 shares of common stock at a public offering price of $20.00 per
share. Net of offering and underwriting costs, we received cash proceeds of $114.57 million. In connection with the IPO, our Investment Adviser paid 70%, or approximately $5.04 million, of the sales load.  
 In April 2015, we issued a total of 900,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option in connection with the IPO. Net of underwriting costs, we received additional total cash proceeds of $17.27 million. In addition, our Investment Adviser paid 70%, or approximately $0.76 million, of the sales load.  
 There were no sales of our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2016.  
   10b5-1 Plan    
 Goldman, Sachs   Co. adopted a 10b5-1 plan (the  GS 10b5-1 Plan ) in accordance with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), which provided for the purchase by Goldman, Sachs   Co. in the open market of up to the lesser of (i) $25.00 million in the aggregate of our common
stock and (ii) such amount that would not bring its collective ownership (with Group Inc.) of our common stock over 19.9%. The GS 10b5-1 Plan expired on March 18, 2016. The GS 10b5-1 Plan required Goldman, Sachs   Co. to purchase
shares of our common stock when the market price per share was below our most recently reported NAV per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by us to any previously announced NAV per share). The purchase of
shares by Goldman, Sachs   Co. pursuant to the GS 10b5-1 Plan was intended to satisfy the conditions of Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, and was otherwise subject to applicable law. Under the GS 10b5-1 Plan, Goldman,
Sachs   Co. increased the volume of purchases made anytime the market price per share of our common stock declined below the most recently reported NAV per share, subject to volume restrictions. Purchases of our common stock by Goldman,
Sachs   Co. under the GS 10b5-1 Plan may have resulted in the price of our common stock being higher than the price that otherwise might have existed in the open market. For the period January 1, 2016 through March 18, 2016,
Goldman, Sachs   Co. purchased 432,638 shares of our common stock pursuant to the GS 10b5-1 Plan.      Common Stock Repurchase Plans
     In February 2015, our Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase plan (the  Company Repurchase
Plan ), which authorized our purchase of up to $35.00 million of our common stock in the open market during open trading periods. No repurchases were made pursuant to the Company Repurchase Plan which expired on March 18, 2016.  
 In February 2016, our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase up to $25.00 million of our common stock if the stock
trades below the most recently announced NAV per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by us to any previously announced NAV per share), from March 18, 2016 to March 18, 2017, subject to certain
limitations. In connection with this authorization, we entered into a 10b5-1 plan (the  Company 10b5-1 Plan ). The Company 10b5-1 Plan provides that purchases will be conducted on the open market on a programmatic basis in accordance with
Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Exchange Act and will otherwise be subject to applicable law, including Regulation M, which may prohibit purchases under certain circumstances. No purchases will be effected pursuant to the Company 10b5-1 Plan if
such purchase would (i) cause the aggregate ownership of our outstanding stock by Group Inc. and Goldman, Sachs   Co. to equal or exceed 25.0% (due to the reduction in outstanding shares of stock as a result of purchase) or
(ii) cause our debt/equity ratio to exceed 0.75. The Company 10b5-1 Plan took effect on March 18, 2016 (with any purchases to commence after the opening of NYSE trading on March 21, 2016) and expires on March 18, 2017.  
 Repurchases of our common stock under the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise may result in the price of our common stock being
higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, we did not repurchase any of our common stock pursuant to the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise.  
   Dividend Reinvestment Plan    
 Concurrent with the IPO, we adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of all cash distributions
declared by the Board of Directors unless a stockholder elects to  opt out  of the plan. As a result, if the Board of Directors declares a cash distribution, then the stockholders who have not  opted out  of the dividend
reinvestment plan will have their cash distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of common stock, rather than receiving the cash distribution. Due to regulatory considerations, Group Inc. has opted out of the dividend reinvestment
plan, and Goldman, Sachs   Co. has opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan in respect of any shares of our common stock acquired through the GS 10b5-1 Plan.  
      53  

The following table summarizes shares distributed pursuant to the dividend
reinvestment plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to stockholders who had not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan.      
   The following table summarizes shares distributed pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan
during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 to stockholders who had not opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan.      
     Contractual Obligations    
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have future commitments. Payments under the Investment Management
Agreement, pursuant to which GSAM has agreed to serve as our Investment Adviser, are equal to (1) a percentage of value of our average gross assets and (2) a two-part Incentive Fee. Under the Administration Agreement, pursuant to which
State Street Bank and Trust Company has agreed to furnish us with the administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations, we pay our administrator such fees as may be agreed between us and our administrator that we determine are
commercially reasonable in our sole discretion. Either party or the stockholders, by a vote of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, may terminate the Investment Management Agreement without penalty on least 60 days  written notice
to the other party. Either party may terminate the Administration Agreement without penalty upon at least 30 days  written notice to the other party.  
 The following table shows our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2016:  
   
     Revolving Credit Facility    
 On September 19, 2013, we entered into the Revolving Credit Facility with various lenders. SunTrust Bank serves as
administrative agent and Bank of America N.A. serves as syndication agent under the Revolving Credit Facility.    On
October 3, 2014, we amended and restated the Revolving Credit Facility to, among other things:      

reduce the applicable margin of borrowings with respect to (i) any loan bearing interest at a rate
determined by reference to the alternate base rate from 1.50% to 1.25% and (ii) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the adjusted LIBOR rate from 2.50% to 2.25%.     
 On January 16, 2015, we exercised the right under the accordion feature and increased the size of the Revolving Credit
Facility to $535.00 million, on a committed basis.    On March 27, 2015, we exercised the right under the accordion
feature and increased the size of the Revolving Credit Facility to $560.00 million, on a committed basis.  
      54  

On November 3, 2015, we further amended the Revolving Credit Facility to,
among other things:      

increase the aggregate borrowing amount to $570.00 million on a committed basis;     

reduce the applicable margin of borrowings with respect to (i) any loan bearing interest at a rate
determined by reference to the alternate base rate from 1.25% to 0.75% or 1.00%, subject to borrowing base conditions and (ii) any loan bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the adjusted LIBOR rate from 2.25% to 1.75% or 2.00%,
subject to borrowing base conditions.       Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, including amounts
drawn in respect of letters of credit, bear interest (at the Company s election) of either LIBOR plus an applicable margin or applicable margin plus the higher of the Prime Rate, Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5% or overnight LIBOR plus 1.0%.
Interest is payable quarterly in arrears. We pay a fee of 0.375% per annum on committed but undrawn amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility, payable quarterly in arrears. Any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility will mature,
and all accrued and unpaid interest will be due and payable, on November 4, 2020.    The Revolving Credit Facility may
be guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries that are formed or acquired by us in the future (collectively, the  Guarantors ). The Senior Credit Fund is not a Guarantor of the Revolving Credit Facility. Proceeds from borrowings
may be used for general corporate purposes, including the funding of portfolio investments.    Our obligations to the
lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially the entire portfolio of investments and cash held by us and each Guarantor, if any. The Revolving Credit Facility contains certain
customary covenants, including: (i) maintaining a minimum shareholder s equity of $458.16 million, subject to increase from certain equity sales, (ii) maintaining an asset coverage ratio of at least 2 to 1, (iii) maintaining a
minimum liquidity test of at least 10% of the  covered debt amount  during any period when the  adjusted covered debt balance  is greater than 90% of the  adjusted borrowing base,  as such quoted terms are defined in
the Revolving Credit Facility and (iv) restrictions on industry concentrations in our investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2016, we were in compliance with these covenants.  
 The Revolving Credit Facility also includes customary representations and warranties, conditions precedent to funding of draws
and events of default.     HEDGING   
 Subject to applicable provisions of the Investment Company Act and applicable Commodity Futures Trading Commission
( CFTC ) regulations, we may enter into hedging transactions in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. To the extent that any of our loans is denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, we may enter into currency hedging
contracts to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We may also enter into interest rate hedging agreements. Such hedging activities, which will be subject to compliance with applicable legal requirements, may include the
use of futures, options, swaps and forward contracts. Costs incurred in entering into such contracts or in settling them, if any, will be borne by us. The Investment Adviser has claimed no-action relief from CFTC registration and regulation as a
commodity pool operator pursuant to a CFTC staff no-action letter (the  BDC CFTC No-Action Letter ) with respect to our operations, with the result that we will be limited in our ability to use futures contracts or options on futures
contracts or engage in swap transactions. Specifically, the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter imposes strict limitations on using such derivatives other than for hedging purposes, whereby the use of derivatives not used solely for hedging purposes is
generally limited to situations where (i) the aggregate initial margin and premiums required to establish such positions does not exceed five percent of the liquidation value of our portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits and
unrealized losses on any such contracts it has entered into; or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of such derivatives does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of our portfolio. Moreover, we anticipate entering into transactions
involving such derivatives to a very limited extent solely for hedging purposes or otherwise within the limitations of the BDC CFTC No-Action Letter. As of September 30, 2016, no hedging arrangements were used.  
  OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS   
 We may become a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of our business to fund
investments and to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. These instruments may include commitments to extend credit and involve, to varying degrees, elements of liquidity and credit risk in excess of the amount recognized in the
balance sheet. As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of the following:      
 
      55  

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS   
 On October 3, 2016, we closed an offering of $115,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the
 Convertible Notes ), which amount includes $15,000 aggregate principal amount issued pursuant to the initial purchasers  exercise in full of an over-allotment option. The Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.50% per year,
payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing on April 1, 2017. The Convertible Notes will mature on April 1, 2022, unless repurchased or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. In
certain circumstances, the Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, based on an initial conversion rate of 40.8397 shares of our common stock per $1,000
principal amount of Convertible Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $24.49 per share of common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments and the other terms of the indenture governing the
Convertible Notes. The conversion price is approximately 10.0% above the $22.26 per share closing price of our common stock on September 27, 2016. We will not have the right to redeem the Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The sale of the
Convertible Notes generated net proceeds of approximately $110,900. We used the net proceeds of this offering to pay down debt under the Revolving Credit Facility.  
 On November 1, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly distribution of $0.45 per share payable on or about
January 17, 2017 to holders of record as of December 31, 2016.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES   
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition to the discussion below, our critical accounting policies are
further described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.      Valuation of Portfolio Investments    
 As a BDC, we conduct the valuation of our assets, pursuant to which our NAV is determined, at all times consistent with GAAP
and the Investment Company Act. Our Board of Directors, with the assistance of our Audit Committee, determines the fair value of our assets on at least a quarterly basis, in accordance with the terms of FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic
820,    Fair Value Measurement and Disclosures  ( ASC 820 ). Our valuation procedures are described in more detail below.  
 ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement. For some assets and liabilities, observable market transactions or market information might be available.
For other assets and liabilities, observable market transactions and market information might not be available. However, the objective of a fair value measurement in both cases is the same to estimate the price when an orderly transaction to
sell the asset or transfer the liability would take place between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of a market participant that holds the
asset or owes the liability).    ASC 820 establishes a hierarchal disclosure framework which ranks the observability of
inputs used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. The observability of inputs is impacted by a number of factors, including the type of financial instruments and their specific characteristics. Financial instruments with readily
available quoted prices, or for which fair value can be measured from quoted prices in active markets, generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment applied in determining fair value. The levels
used for classifying investments are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities.  
      56  

The three-level hierarchy for fair value measurement is defined as follows:  
  Level 1  inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices available in active markets for identical
instruments as of the reporting date. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 include unrestricted securities, including equities and derivatives, listed in active markets.  
  Level 2  inputs to the valuation methodology are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either
directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. The type of financial instruments in this category includes less liquid and restricted securities listed in active markets, securities traded in other than active markets, government and
agency securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs.     Level
3  inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to overall fair value measurement. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. Financial instruments that are
included in this category include investments in privately held entities and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs.  
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such
cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance
of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.  
 Currently, the majority of our investments fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. We do not expect that there will
be readily available market values for most of the investments which are in our portfolio, and we value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our Board of Directors using a documented valuation
policy, described below, and a consistently applied valuation process. The factors that may be taken into account in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio
company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, and the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. Available current market data are
considered such as applicable market yields and multiples of publicly traded securities, comparison of financial ratios of peer companies, and changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets that may affect the price at which similar
investments would trade in their principal market, and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event to
corroborate or revise our valuation.    With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available,
or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, the valuation procedures adopted by our Board of Directors contemplates a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below:  

(1) 
   Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the
investment professionals of our Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment;         

(2) 
   Our Board of Directors also engages independent valuation firms (the  Independent Valuation
Advisors ) to provide independent valuations of the investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment. The Independent Valuation Advisors
independently value such investments using quantitative and qualitative information provided by the investment professionals of the Investment Adviser as well as any market quotations obtained from independent pricing services, brokers, dealers or
market dealers. The Independent Valuation Advisors also provide analyses to support their valuation methodology and calculations. The Independent Valuation Advisors provide an opinion on a final range of values on such investments to our Board of
Directors or the Audit Committee. The Independent Valuation Advisors define fair value in accordance with ASC 820 and utilize valuation techniques including the market approach, the income approach or both. A portion of the portfolio is reviewed on
a quarterly basis, and all investments in the portfolio for which market quotations are not readily available, or are readily available, but deemed not reflective of the fair value of an investment, are reviewed at least annually by an Independent
Valuation Advisor;         

(3) 
   The Independent Valuation Advisors  preliminary valuations are reviewed by our Investment Adviser and the
Valuation Oversight Group ( VOG ), a team that is part of the Controllers Department within the Finance Division of Goldman Sachs. The Independent Valuation Advisors  ranges are compared to our Investment Adviser s valuations to
ensure our Investment Adviser s valuations are reasonable. VOG presents the valuations to the Private Investment Sub-Committee of the Investment Management Division Valuation Committee, which is comprised of representatives from GSAM who are
independent of the investment making decision process;     
      57  

(4) 
   The Investment Management Division Valuation Committee ratifies fair valuations and makes recommendations to
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors;         

(5) 
   The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors reviews valuation information provided by the Investment
Management Division Valuation Committee, our Investment Adviser and the Independent Valuation Advisors. The Audit Committee then assesses such valuation recommendations; and     

(6) 
   Our Board of Directors discusses the valuations and, within the meaning of the Investment Company Act,
determines the fair value of our investments in good faith, based on the input of our Investment Adviser, the Independent Valuation Advisors and the Audit Committee.     
   Investment Transactions and Related Investment Income    
 We record our investment transactions on a trade date basis. Realized gains and losses are based on the specific identification
method. Dividend income on common equity investments are recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Interest income and dividend income are presented net of
withholding tax, if any. Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums, which are included in interest income and expense, are recorded over the life of the underlying instrument using the effective interest method.  
 Fair value generally is based on quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources. In the
absence of quoted market prices, broker or dealer quotations, or alternative price sources, investments in securities are measured at fair value as determined by our Investment Adviser and/or by one or more independent third parties.  
 Due to the inherent uncertainties of valuation, certain estimated fair values may differ significantly from the values that
would have been realized had a ready market for these investments existed, and these differences could be material. For additional information, see Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies  to our consolidated financial statements included
in this report.      Non-Accrual Status    
 Loans or debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be
collected. Accrued interest generally is reversed when a loan or debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans or debt securities may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon
management s judgment. Non-accrual loans and debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. We may make exceptions to this treatment
if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection.      Distribution Policy    
 We intend to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. Future quarterly
distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. All distributions will be subject to lawfully available funds therefor, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to declare distributions in future periods.  
 We have elected to be treated, and expect to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, commencing with our
taxable year ended December 31, 2013. To obtain and maintain RIC status, we must, among other things, timely distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our investment company taxable income for each taxable year. We intend to timely
distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our annual taxable income for each year, except that we may retain certain net capital gains for reinvestment and, depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to
carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. The distributions we pay to our stockholders in a year may exceed our net ordinary income and capital gains for that year and,
accordingly, a portion of such distributions may constitute a return of capital for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The specific tax characteristics of our distributions will be reported to stockholders after the end of the calendar year.
Stockholders should read carefully any written disclosure regarding a distribution from us and should not assume that the source of any distribution is our net ordinary income or capital gains.  
 We have adopted an  opt out  dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if our Board of
Directors declares a cash distribution, each stockholder that has not  opted out  of our dividend reinvestment plan will have its distribution automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock rather than receiving the cash
distribution. Stockholders who receive distributions in the form of shares of common stock will generally be subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as if they received cash distributions; however, since their cash
distributions will be reinvested, those stockholders will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes. Due to regulatory considerations, Group Inc. has opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan, and Goldman, Sachs   Co. has
opted out of the dividend reinvestment plan in respect of any shares of our common stock acquired through the GS 10b5-1 Plan.  
      58  

Federal Income Taxes    
 As a RIC, we generally will not pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any net ordinary income or capital gains that
we timely distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To maintain our RIC status, we must meet specified source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our investment company
taxable income for each year. Depending upon the level of taxable income earned in a year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income for distribution in the following year and pay any applicable U.S. federal excise tax. We generally will be
required to pay such U.S. federal excise tax if our distributions during a calendar year do not exceed the sum of (1) 98% of our net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2% of our
capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any net ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such
years.    Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may
differ from net investment income and realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated financial statements to
reflect their tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary
income for tax purposes.      

ITEM 3.  
  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK       We are
subject to financial market risks, most significantly changes in interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we expect to fund a portion of our
investments with borrowings, our net investment income is expected to be affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market
interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income.    As of September 30, 2016, on a
fair value basis, approximately 10.4% of our performing debt investments bore interest at a fixed rate (including income producing preferred stock investments), and approximately 89.6% of our performing debt investments bore interest at a floating
rate.    We regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate
exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities.  
 Based on our September 30, 2016 balance sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of base rate
changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure:      
   We may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging
instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, applicable CFTC regulations and in a manner consistent with SEC guidance. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse
changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates.  
      59  

ITEM 4.  
  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES        Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures . As of the end of the period covered by this report, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our current disclosure
controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us that is required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls
and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the
benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.     Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting . There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting.       PART II   OTHER INFORMATION   
    Item 1. Legal Proceedings.   
 From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings
relating to the enforcement of our rights under loans to or other contracts with our portfolio companies. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us.
      Item 1A. Risk Factors.   
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes
to the risk factors previously reported under Item 1A:  Risk Factors  of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which was filed with the SEC on March 2, 2016. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to the Company or that it currently deems to be immaterial may materially affect its business, financial condition and/or operating results.  
   Our Investment Adviser, its principals, investment professionals and employees and the members of its Investment Committee have certain
conflicts of interest.      Our Investment Adviser, its principals, affiliates, investment professionals and employees,
the members of its Investment Committee and our officers and directors serve or may serve now or in the future as investment advisers, officers, directors, principals of, or in other capacities with respect to, public or private entities (including
other business development companies and other investment funds) that operate in the same or a related line of business as us. For example, we have the same management and Investment Committee team as Goldman Sachs Private Middle Market Credit LLC
( GS PMMC ), a privately offered BDC that has a substantially similar investment focus as us. Therefore, we expect these individuals may have obligations to investors in such other business development company, the fulfillment of which
might not be in our best interests or the best interests of our stockholders and we expect that investment opportunities will satisfy the investment criteria for both us and such other business development company. When making allocation decisions
between us and GS PMMC, the Investment Adviser is permitted to take into account the Senior Credit Fund, consistent with the nature of the relationship between us and the Senior Credit Fund, even though there is no formal investment advisory
relationship between the Investment Adviser and the Senior Credit Fund. In addition, GSAM and its affiliates also manage other investment funds (including vehicles in which Goldman Sachs and its personnel have an interest), and is expected to manage
other vehicles in the future, that have investment mandates that are similar, in whole or in part, to ours and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. As a result, our Investment Adviser and/or its affiliates may
face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities between us and such other entities. The fact that our investment advisory fees may be lower than those of certain other funds advised by GSAM could result in this conflict of interest affecting
us adversely relative to such other funds.    Subject to applicable law, we may invest alongside the accounts of Goldman
Sachs and its clients as well as the relationships and products of Goldman Sachs (collectively, the  Accounts ) and Goldman Sachs. In certain circumstances, negotiated co-investments by us and other funds managed by our Investment Adviser
may be made only pursuant to an order from the SEC permitting us to do so. We, GS PMMC and GSAM have applied for an exemptive order from the SEC that would permit us to co-invest with GS PMMC and other funds managed by the Investment Adviser in the
future, as will be set forth in such order. There can be no assurance when any such order would be obtained or that one will be obtained at all.  
 Were such order obtained, there could be significant overlap in our investment portfolio and the investment portfolios of GS
PMMC and/or other funds managed by our Investment Adviser that are able to rely on the order. In the absence of an SEC order, when our Investment Adviser identifies certain negotiated investments, it will be required to determine which Accounts
should make the investment at the potential exclusion of other Accounts. In such circumstances, our Investment Adviser will adhere to its investment allocation policy in order to determine the Account to which to allocate the opportunity. The policy
provides that our Investment Adviser allocate opportunities through a rotation system or in such other manner as our Investment Adviser determines to be equitable. Accordingly, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate
in certain investments made by other Accounts.  
      60  

Goldman Sachs  financial and other interests may incentivize Goldman Sachs to promote
the sale of our common stock or favor other Accounts.      Goldman Sachs and its personnel have interests in promoting
sales of our common stock, and the compensation from such sales may be greater than the compensation relating to sales of interests in other Accounts (including business development companies (including GS PMMC) and other investment funds managed by
our Investment Adviser). Therefore, Goldman Sachs and its personnel may have a financial interest in promoting our common stock over interests in other Accounts. The term  Goldman Sachs  refers to Group Inc., together with Goldman, Sachs
  Co., GSAM and its other subsidiaries.    Our Investment Adviser may simultaneously manage other Accounts (including
other business development companies (including GS PMMC)) for which our Investment Adviser may be entitled to receive greater fees or other compensation (as a percentage of performance or otherwise) than it receives in respect of us. In addition,
subject to applicable law, Goldman Sachs may invest in other Accounts (including other business development companies (including GS PMMC)), and such investments may constitute substantial percentages of such other Accounts  outstanding equity
interests. Therefore, our Investment Adviser may have an incentive to favor such other Accounts over us. To address these types of conflicts, our Investment Adviser has adopted policies and procedures under which investment opportunities will be
allocated in a manner that it believes is consistent with its obligations as an Investment Adviser. However, the amount, timing, structuring or terms of an investment by us may differ from, and performance may be different than, the investments and
performance of other Accounts.      There are risks associated with any potential merger with or purchase of assets of another BDC.
     Our Investment Adviser may in the future recommend to the Board of Directors that we merge with or acquire all or
substantially all of the assets of one or more funds including a fund that could be managed by our Investment Adviser (including another business development company). We do not expect that our Investment Adviser would recommend any such merger or
asset purchase unless it determines that it would be in our best interests, with such determination dependent on factors it deems relevant, which may include historical and projected financial performance of us and any proposed merger partner,
portfolio composition, potential synergies from the merger or asset sale, available alternative options and market conditions. In addition, no such merger or asset purchase would be consummated absent the meeting of various conditions required by
applicable law or contract, at such time, which may include approval of the board of directors and common equity holders of both funds. If our Investment Adviser is the investment adviser of both funds, various conflicts of interest would exist with
respect to any such transaction. Such conflicts of interest may potentially arise from, among other things, differences between the compensation payable to the Investment Adviser by us and by the entity resulting from such a merger or asset purchase
or efficiencies or other benefits to our Investment Adviser as a result of managing a single, larger fund instead of two separate funds.  
   We may be subject to risks associated with investments in real estate loans.    
 Our Investment Adviser, on our behalf, may periodically invest in loans related to real estate and real estate-related assets,
and such investments will be subject to the risks inherent to investment in real estate-related assets generally. These risks include, but are not limited to, regional, national and international economic conditions, the supply and demand for
properties, the financial resources of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes in building, environmental, zoning and other laws and regulations, changes in real property tax rates, changes in interest rates and the availability of
financing, which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, environmental liabilities, uninsured losses, acts of God, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, acts of war (declared and undeclared), strikes and other
factors which are beyond the control of our Investment Adviser and us.      Our ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives
and financial commitment transactions may be limited.      The SEC has proposed a new rule under the Investment Company
Act that would govern the use of derivatives (defined to include any swap, security-based swap, futures contract, forward contract, option or any similar instrument) as well as financial commitment transactions (defined to include reverse repurchase
agreements, short sale borrowings and any firm or standby commitment agreement or similar agreement) by BDCs. Under the proposed rule, a BDC would be required to comply with one of two alternative portfolio limitations and manage the risks
associated with derivatives transactions and financial commitment transactions by segregating certain assets. Furthermore, a BDC that engages in more than a limited amount of derivatives transactions or that uses complex derivatives would be
required to establish a formalized derivatives risk management program. If the SEC adopts this rule in the form proposed, our ability to enter into transactions involving such instruments may be hindered, which could have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.      The United Kingdom referendum decision to leave the European Union may
create significant risks and uncertainty for global markets and our investments.      The recent decision made in the
United Kingdom referendum to leave the European Union has led to volatility in global financial markets, and in particular in the markets of the United Kingdom and across Europe, and may also lead to weakening in consumer, corporate and financial
confidence in the United Kingdom and Europe. The extent and process by which the United Kingdom will exit the European Union, and the longer term economic, legal, political and social framework to be put in place between the United Kingdom and the
European Union are unclear at this stage and are likely to lead to ongoing political and economic uncertainty and periods of exacerbated volatility in both the United Kingdom and in wider European markets for some time. In particular, the decision
made in the United Kingdom referendum may lead to a call for similar referenda in other European jurisdictions which may cause increased economic volatility and uncertainty in the European and global markets. This volatility and uncertainty may have
an adverse effect on the economy generally and on the ability of us and our portfolio companies to execute our respective strategies and to receive attractive returns.  
      61  

In particular, currency volatility may mean that the returns of us and our
portfolio companies are adversely affected by market movements and may make it more difficult, or more expensive, for us to implement appropriate currency hedging. Potential decline in the value of the British Pound and/or the euro against other
currencies, along with the potential downgrading of the United Kingdom s sovereign credit rating, may also have an impact on the performance of our portfolio companies located in the United Kingdom or Europe.  
   Purchases of our common stock pursuant to the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise may result in the price of our common stock being higher
than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market.      We are authorized to purchase up to $25.00 million
of shares of our common stock if the stock trades below the most recently announced net asset value per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by us to any previously announced net asset value per share), subject
to certain limitations, until March 18, 2017. Any such purchases will be conducted in accordance with applicable securities laws. Whether purchases will be made under the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise and how much will be purchased at any time is
uncertain, dependent on prevailing market prices and trading volumes, all of which we cannot predict. These activities may have the effect of maintaining the market price of our common stock or retarding a decline in the market price of the common
stock, and, as a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that otherwise might exist in the open market.  
   Purchases of our common stock by us under the Company 10b5-1 Plan or otherwise may result in dilution to our net asset value per share.
     We are authorized to repurchase shares of common stock when the market price per share is below the most recently
reported net asset value per share (including any updates, corrections or adjustments publicly announced by us to any previously announced net asset value per share), including under the Company 10b5-1 Plan. Because purchases may be made beginning
at any price below our most recently reported net asset value per share, if our net asset value per share decreases after the date as of which net asset value per share was last reported, such purchases may result in dilution to our net asset value
per share. This dilution would occur because we would repurchase shares at a price above the then-current net asset value per share, which would cause a proportionately smaller increase in our stockholders  interest in our earnings and assets
and their voting interest in us than the decrease in our assets resulting from such repurchase. As a result of any such dilution, our market price per share may decline. The actual dilutive effect will depend on the number of shares of common stock
that could be so repurchased, the price and the timing of any repurchases.       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities and Use of Proceeds.     None.  
    Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.     Not applicable.  
    Item 5. Other Information.   
 Not applicable.      
 Item 6. Exhibits.     The exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are set forth on the Index
to Exhibits, which is incorporated herein by reference.  
      62  

SIGNATURES   
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.      

GOLDMAN SACHS BDC, INC.  

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Brendan McGovern  

Brendan McGovern   Chief Executive Officer and
President   (Principal Executive Officer)   

Date: November 3, 2016 

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  

Jonathan Lamm   Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer   (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)   
 
      63  

INDEX TO EXHIBITS   

64  

<EX-99.(31)(1)>
 2
 d265466dex99311.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.1   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Brendan McGovern, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(1)>

<EX-99.(31)(2)>
 3
 d265466dex99312.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT

Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act 

Exhibit 31.2   
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 UNDER SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  
 I, Jonathan Lamm, certify that:      

1. 
   I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc.;     

2. 
   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:         

(a) 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared;         

(b) 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(c) 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and         

5. 
   The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.       Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(31)(2)>

<EX-99.(32)>
 4
 d265466dex9932.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Exhibit 32   
  Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer   
  Pursuant to      18 U.S.C.
Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002     In connection with the Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q of Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (the  Company ) for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), Brendan McGovern, as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, and Jonathan Lamm, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of his knowledge:    1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and    2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.      

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Brendan McGovern  
 
 Brendan McGovern  
 
 Chief Executive Officer  
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)  

Date: November 3, 2016  

/s/ Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Jonathan Lamm  
 
 Chief Financial Officer  
 
 (Principal Financial Officer)  

</EX-99.(32)>

