<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161107_10-Q_edgar_data_1294649_0001144204-16-132091_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4134633</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97438</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>234404</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1048626</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1904344</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>773065</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001144204-16-132091.hdr.sgml : 20161107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161107163142
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-16-132091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WALKER INNOVATION INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001294649
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				300342273
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33700
		FILM NUMBER:		161978537

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HIGH RIDGE PARK
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06905
		BUSINESS PHONE:		203-461-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HIGH RIDGE PARK
		CITY:			STAMFORD
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06905

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Patent Properties, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131112

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GlobalOptions Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Creative Solutions With Art, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040619

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001144204-16-132091.txt : 20161107

10-Q
 1
 v451304_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES  

  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  

  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549  

FORM 10-Q  

(Mark One)  

For the Quarterly Period Ended September
30, 2016  

Or  

For the transition period from _______________
to _______________  

Commission file number: 001-33700  

WALKER INNOVATION INC.  

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

Delaware   
       
       30-0342273    
 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  
       
      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)   

Two High Ridge Park, Stamford, Connecticut   
       
       06905    
 
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  
       
      (Zip Code)   

(203) 461-7200  

  (Registrant s telephone number,
including area code)  

(Former name and former address, if changed
since last report)  

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     x 
   No       

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes     x 
   No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated
filer ,  accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer     

Accelerated filer     

Non-accelerated filer    
         
      (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  
      Smaller reporting company     
      x   

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act):  Yes       
   No     x  

As of November 7, 2016, there were 20,741,572 shares of the
issuer s common stock outstanding. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  Form 10-Q  

  Table of Contents  

Page    
 
       Part I. Financial Information   

Item 1. Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015   
      3   
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      4   
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
      5   
 
       Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 (unaudited)   
     6  
 
       Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited)   
      7   
 
       Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
      17   
 
       Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
      23   
 
       Item 4. Controls and Procedures   
      23   

Part II. Other Information    

Item 1. Legal Proceedings   
      24   
 
       Item 1A. Risk Factors   
      24   
 
       Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds   
      24   
 
       Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities   
      24   
 
       Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   
      24   
 
       Item 5. Other Information   
      24   
 
       Item 6. Exhibits   
      25   

Signatures    
      26   

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  

 (dollars in thousands, except for
per share amounts) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

 (dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
OPERATIONS  

 (dollars in thousands, except per share
amounts) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CASH FLOWS  

 (dollars in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES  

  September 30, 2016  

  (all amounts in thousands except share
and per share amounts)  

  (Unaudited)  

NOTE 1   THE COMPANY  

Walker Innovation Inc. (formerly known
as Patent Properties, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (collectively, with its subsidiaries, the  Company  or  Walker
Innovation ), has two distinct lines of businesses: it develops and commercializes its unique portfolio of intellectual property
assets through its licensing and enforcement operations ( Licensing and Enforcement ) and it focuses on helping companies
innovate more effectively and efficiently ( Innovation Business ). The Company currently does this by seeking to provide
custom innovation services to large companies desiring to prototype and scale new businesses and new business methods. In early
2015, it launched its small to mid-size innovation business through The United States Patent Utility , which evolved into
Haystack IQ  ( Haystack IQ ) which used proprietary Big Data software to connect the global stockpile of technology
improvements and technical experts, represented by the U.S. patent database and other technical databases, with businesses that
can put them into commercial uses that help them compete and grow. On March 31, 2016, the Company ceased operations of its Haystack
IQ product, and recorded a one-time non-recurring charge of approximately $575. 

In response to the challenging developments
in the patent licensing and enforcement environment and the decision to cease operations of Haystack IQ, the Company s current
plan of operations includes a more focused Licensing and Enforcement program, custom innovation services and the initiation of
an effort to acquire, through merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, plan of arrangement, recapitalization, reorganization
or similar business combination, one or more operating businesses, either within its current verticals or in new industry segments,
or control of such operating businesses through contractual arrangements. 

Walker
Digital, LLC ( Walker Digital ), a related party, is the owner of 82% of the voting interest in the Company and owns
approximately 49   % of the economic interest in the Company.

Nature of Business   

The Company s two primary segments
of business, its Licensing and Enforcement business, and the operations of its Innovation Business, are described below: 

Licensing and Enforcement  

The Company develops, licenses and
otherwise enforces patented technologies through its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company generates revenues from the
granting of intellectual property rights for the use of, or pertaining to, its patented technologies. The Company also
monetizes its intellectual property through the sale of select patent assets. Patent protection is a key part of the
Company s business model, because it provides the Company with a period of exclusive ownership during which the Company
has the opportunity to recoup risk capital and generate a profit from inventions. The Company has one ongoing patent
licensing and enforcement campaign involving a specific family of patents. 

Innovation Business  

The Company focuses on helping companies
innovate more effectively and efficiently. The Company seeks to accomplish this by offering custom innovation services to large
companies. Prior to March 31, 2016, the Company also had a product for small and medium businesses called  Haystack IQ ,
however, as more fully described below the Company ceased operations of Haystack IQ at the end of the first quarter and recorded
a one-time non-recurring charge of $575. 

Haystack IQ   

Haystack IQ  was a  product
that helped  companies find complementary external resources in the global  haystack  of R D investment that
could accelerate improvements to their customer offerings and evolved out of The United States Patent Utility . Haystack
IQ was shut at the end of the first quarter of 2016. 

Custom Innovation   

The Company seeks to provide consulting
services and software development to large companies in connection with prototyping projects as well as the development of new
and innovative ways to serve their customers and grow their market share. The Company may be engaged by the customer directly,
or work may be subcontracted to it by its controlling stockholder, a related party, Walker Digital. 

The  Company
does not allocate corporate interest income and expense, income taxes, other income and expenses related to corporate activity
or corporate expense for management and administrative services that benefit both segments. Because of this unallocated income
and expense, the operating loss of each reporting segment does not reflect the operating loss the reporting segment would report
as a stand-alone business.  

Key financial information
by reportable segment for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 is as follows: 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 2016:     

For the Three
Months Ended September 30, 2015: 

For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2016:     

For the Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2015: 

(1)  Includes non-cash unrealized gain on investment of $6,536 in The Upside Commerce Group, LLC.   

(2)  Includes the one time non-recurring charge of $575 in connection with the closing of Haystack IQ.   

Substantially all of the
Company s revenues were from customers based in the United States. 

Capital expenditures for the nine months
ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $0 and $310, respectively, and for the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were
$0 and $83, respectively. These amounts were spent in connection with the Haystack IQ Web Site. 

NOTE 2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES  

Basis of Presentation   

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared on a going concern basis in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) for interim financial reporting
and as required by Regulation S-X, Rule 10-01. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by
GAAP for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (including those which are normal and recurring)
considered necessary for a fair presentation of the interim financial information have been included. Additionally, operating results
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected
for any other interim period or for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2016. For further information, refer to the financial
statements and footnotes included in the Company s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015,
which are included in the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements of the Company were prepared in accordance with GAAP and include the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the
Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries over which the Company exercises control. Intercompany transactions and balances were
eliminated in consolidation. 

Use of Estimates   

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management of the
Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates.
The Company s significant estimates and assumptions include stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related
to the Company s deferred tax assets, revenue recognition and establishing the fair value of its investments.  Certain
of the Company s estimates could be affected by external conditions, including those unique to the Company and general economic
conditions. It is reasonably possible that these external factors could have an effect on the Company s estimates and could
cause actual results to differ from those estimates and assumptions. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents   

The Company maintains its cash in bank
deposit and money market accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company considers money market accounts
that have maturity dates of three months or less from the purchase date to be cash equivalents. 

Short Term Investments   

The Company classifies its certificate
of deposit with a maturity greater than three months but less than one year as a short-term investment. 

Earnings (Loss) per Share   

Basic earnings (loss) per share ( EPS )
is computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable to common stock by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other instruments that are convertible into common
stock were exercised or could result in the issuance of common stock. As of September 30, 2016 and 2015, the following common stock
equivalents were outstanding: 

(1)  Warrants had an exercise
price of $3.00 per share and expired in September 2016. 

A reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings
per share ( EPS ) is given in the following table: 

Revenue Recognition   

Licensing and Enforcement  

The Company derives its revenue from patent
licensing and enforcement. In general, these revenue arrangements provide for the payment of contractually determined fees in consideration
for the grant of certain intellectual property rights for patented technologies owned or controlled by the Company. A significant
number of the patent licenses are granted on the entire portfolio rather than individual patents. Most of the intellectual property
rights granted are perpetual in nature, extending until the expiration of the related patents, although they can be granted for
a defined, relatively short period of time. The Company recognizes licensing and enforcement fees when there is persuasive
evidence of a licensing arrangement, fees are fixed or determinable, delivery has occurred and collectability is reasonably assured. 

Haystack
IQ  

On March 31, 2016,
the Company ceased operations of its Haystack IQ product, and recorded a one-time non-recurring charge of approximately $575. Prior
to that  revenues were derived from month-to-month subscriptions to services,  some of which
were billed annually in advance . Subscription revenue was earned each month as the service was rendered
to subscribers on a monthly basis.   

Custom Innovation  

Revenue is recognized as services are performed
using the percentage of completion method. Revenue is recognized as services are performed using the percentage of completion method
for fixed price contracts. Revenues for the current period are determined by multiplying the estimated margin at completion for
each contract by the project s percentage of completion to date, adding costs incurred to date, and subtracting revenues
recognized in prior periods. In applying the percentage-of-completion method to these contracts, the Company measures the extent
of progress toward completion as the ratio of costs incurred to date over total estimated costs at completion. As work is performed
under contracts, estimates of the costs to complete are regularly reviewed and updated. As changes in estimates of total costs
at completion on projects are identified, appropriate earnings adjustments are recorded using the cumulative catch-up method. Provisions
for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts are recorded during the period in which such losses become evident. Profit incentives
and/or award fees are recorded as revenues when the amounts are both probable and reasonably estimable. 

Costs Associated with Revenue   

Licensing and Enforcement  

Contingent legal and consulting fees are
expensed in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period that the related revenues are recognized. In instances
where there are no recoveries from potential infringers, no contingent legal and consulting fees are required to be paid; however,
the Company may be liable for certain out of pocket legal and consulting costs incurred pursuant to the underlying legal and consulting
services agreement. Legal fees advanced to contingent law firms, if any, that are required to be paid in the event that no license
recoveries are obtained are expensed as incurred and included in liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets. 

Haystack IQ  

Cost of services
was comprised of compensation for Company employees within the software and systems engineering groups in addition to data costs
and amortization expenses. The expenses related to hosted software applications were affected by the number of customers who subscribed
to our products and the complexity and redundancy of our software applications and hosting infrastructure. The Company expensed
these costs as they were incurred.  On March 31, 2016, the Company ceased operations of its Haystack IQ product, and recorded
a one-time non-recurring charge of approximately $575. 

Custom Innovation  

Costs represent the staff
and related other costs associated with any of the services provided. 

Fair Value Measurements   

The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents,
the short term investment, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses and other current liabilities, approximate
fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. 

Fair value is defined as an exit price,
representing the amount that would be received upon the sale of an asset or payment to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants. Fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing an asset or liability.  A three-tier fair value hierarchy is used to prioritize the inputs in measuring
fair value as follows: 

Level 1.  Quoted prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2.  Quoted prices
for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active, or other inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

Level 3.  Significant unobservable
inputs that cannot be corroborated by market data. 

These valuation techniques involve some
level of management estimation and judgment, the degree of which is dependent on the price transparency of the asset, liability
or market and the nature of the asset or liability. 

Investment   

In cases where the Company s investment
is less than 20% of the outstanding voting stock and significant influence does not exist, the investment is carried at cost,
and evaluated for impairment at each reporting period. 

The
Company elected the fair value option for its investment in The Upside Commerce Group, LLC, formerly known as Flexible Travel
Company, LLC ( Upside ). As of September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, the fair value of this investment was approximately
 $7,207  and $672, respectively (see Note 5). The investment was classified as a Level 3 financial
instrument at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015. There have been no other changes in Level 3 investments since the valuation
at June 30, 2016.  

While
the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate
of fair value at the reporting date. 

The
decision to elect the fair value option, which is irrevocable once elected, is determined on an instrument by instrument basis
and applied to an entire instrument. The net gains or losses, if any, on an investment for which the fair value option has been
elected, are recognized as an unrealized gain on investment in the  Condensed  Consolidated
Statements of Operations.  

Revenue
Concentrations   

The Company considers significant revenue
concentrations to be counterparties or customers who account for 10% or more of the total revenues generated by the Company during
the period. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, 72% and 82%, respectively, of the Company s revenue was
derived from one counterparty, of which in 2016 100% was revenue from Walker Digital in connection with custom innovation subcontracted
to the Company. For the three months ended September 30, 2016, 86% of the Company s revenue was derived from one counterparty,
which was Walker Digital, and was in connection with custom innovation subcontracted to the Company. 

Stock Based Compensation   

The Company measures the cost of services
received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award. For employees and directors, the
fair value of the award is measured on the grant date and for non-employees, the fair value of the award is generally measured
on the measurement date and re-measured on each financial reporting date and vesting date until the service period is complete.
The fair value amount is then recognized over the period services are required to be provided in exchange for the award, usually
the vesting period. The Company recognizes employee stock-based compensation expense on a straight line basis over the requisite
service period for each separately vesting tranche of each award. Stock-based compensation expense is reflected within operating
expenses and cost of sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Property and Equipment, net   

Property and equipment consist primarily
of computer and network hardware and are stated at cost net of accumulated depreciation and amortization expenses. Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the remaining term of the lease. Lease amortization is included
in depreciation expense. Equipment and software are depreciated on a straight-line basis over two to five years. Costs related
to maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.  

Deferred Revenue   

Deferred revenue represents amounts to
be recognized in connection with the amortization of the Upside Warrant (See Note 5 below). 

Costs
and Estimated Earnings in Excess of Billings on Uncompleted Contracts and Billings in Excess of Costs and Estimated Earnings on
Uncompleted Contracts   

Billings
in excess of costs and estimated earnings on contracts in progress in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets represent
accumulated billings to our Custom innovation business in excess of the amount earned. The Company anticipates that the majority
of such amounts will be earned as revenue within one year. 

Billings in excess of cost represents revenue to be recorded
in connection with our Custom innovation business. 

Income Taxes   

Income taxes are accounted for under the
asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases,
and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment
date. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of a deferred tax asset will not
be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income and the
reversal of deferred tax liabilities during the period in which related temporary differences become deductible. The benefit of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the Company s income tax returns are recognized in the consolidated financial
statements if such positions are more likely than not of being sustained. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   

In January 2016,
the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) No. 2016-01,
Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10):   Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Liabilities .
ASU No. 2016-01 requires several targeted changes including that equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity
method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in net income. The new guidance also changes certain disclosure requirements and other aspects of current GAAP.
Amendments are to be applied as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption.
ASU No. 2016-01 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after December 15, 2017.
Early adoption is not permitted with the exception of certain targeted provisions. We are currently in the process of evaluating
the impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-01 on the condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

On March 17, 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08
that amends the guidance for  Principle versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  in ASC 2014-09, 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),  issued in May 2014. ASU 2016-18 clarifies that the principal or agent
determination is based on whether the entity controls the goods or services before they are transferred to its customer. Public
entities must apply ASU 2016-08 to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim reporting periods
within that reporting period. Earlier application is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. The Company is evaluating the effect that ASU 2016-08 will
have on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2016-09 ( ASU 2016-09 ),  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee
Share-Based Payment Accounting.  ASU 2016-09 will affect all entities that issue share-based payment awards to
their employees and is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016 for public entities. The
areas for simplification in ASU 2016-09 involve several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions,
including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and classification on the
statement of cash flows. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-09 to have a material impact on the
Company s financial position and results of operations. 

In
April 2016,  the FASB issued ASU  No. 2016-10,  Revenue from
Contracts with Customer    ( ASU 2016-10 )  . The
new guidance is an update to ASC 606 and provides clarity on: identifying performance obligations and
licensing implementation. For public companies, ASU 2016-10 is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within
those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of ASU 2016-10 to have
a material impact on its financial statements.   

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,  Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments  ( ASU 2016-13 ). ASU 2016-13 requires that expected credit losses relating to financial assets measured
on an amortized cost basis and available-for-sale debt securities be recorded through an allowance for credit losses. ASU 2016-13
limits the amount of credit losses to be recognized for available-for-sale debt securities to the amount by which carrying value
exceeds fair value and also requires the reversal of previously recognized credit losses if fair value increases. The new standard
will be effective for us on January 1, 2020. Early adoption will be available on January 1, 2019. We are currently evaluating
the effect that the updated standard will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

NOTE 3   PREPAID EXPENSES AND
OTHER CURRENT ASSETS  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following: 

NOTE 4  
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT  

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015 property and equipment, net, consist of the following: 

(1)  Excludes $213 of accelerated depreciation recorded in connection
with the Haystack IQ restructuring change. 

Depreciation expense for the three months
and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 was $3 and $33 and $26 and $53, respectively. 

NOTE 5 - INVESTMENTS  

Investment in Tagged  

The Company received 57,000 shares of common
stock in Tagged, Inc. ( Tagged ) as partial payment in connection with a license agreement. If on liquidation date
(i.e. public offering or change of control), the current fair value of the stock is less than $250 ( grant value  or
 floor value ), Tagged will pay the Company the difference between the $250 floor value and the current fair value.
The investment is carried at cost, and the Company is unable to estimate any potential increase in its fair value. Any estimated
fair value would be classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 

Investment
in The Upside Commerce Group, LLC  

The Company entered
into a Shared Services Agreement (the  Upside Services Agreement,  formerly the  FTC Services Agreement )
dated as of December 4, 2015, with  Upside,  a company affiliated with Walker Digital, the Company s
controlling stockholder, regarding the provision of executive management, marketing, innovation, legal and financial consulting
services. There are no set deliverables contemplated by the Upside Services Agreement, although the hourly rates the Company expects
to charge Upside (approximately equal to the Company s cost) are specified and under certain circumstances could require
audit committee approval. 

In connection with the Upside Services
Agreement, the Company was granted a warrant to purchase limited liability company interests in Upside at an exercise price of
$0.06 per Class A common share, (the  Upside Warrant ) which amount has been determined to equal the fair market value
of such shares as of the date of issuance of the Upside Warrant. The Upside Warrant was issued to the Company by Jay Walker, who
currently beneficially owns approximately 37% of the aggregate outstanding limited liability company interests of Upside on a fully
diluted basis. The total Class A common shares that may be purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Upside Warrant is 16,400,000
shares, equal to approximately 16% of the current aggregate outstanding limited liability company interests of Upside on a fully
diluted basis and the transfer of such shares to the Company is subject to certain requirements, including the provision of an
opinion of counsel that such would not result in Upside being deemed to be a publicly traded partnership for purposes of U.S. federal
income tax law. 

The fair value of the Upside Warrant at
September 30, 2016 was approximately $7,207 and was determined using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: risk
free interest rate   1.14%, stock volatility   68.6%, expected term - 5 years, expected dividends -
N/A. The underlying stock price of the Upside Warrant was estimated to be $0.49 per share based on Upside's fundraising
activity and the Option Pricing Method Backsolve in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid,   Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issues as Compensation.  
The valuation of the underlying shares included the following assumptions: risk-free rate   1.15%, company volatility - 50%,
expected term or time to maturity - 5 years. 

The fair value of the Upside Warrant at
December 4, 2015 (inception) and as of December 31, 2015 was $672 and was determined using the Black-Scholes model with the following
assumptions: risk free interest rate - 1.52%, stock volatility - 83.1%, expected term - 5 years, expected dividends
- N/A. The underlying stock price of the Upside Warrant was estimated to be $0.06 per share based on Upside's fundraising
activity and the Option Pricing Method Backsolve in accordance with the guidelines outlined in the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid,   Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issues as Compensation.  
The valuation of the underlying shares included the following assumptions: risk-free rate - 1.52%, company volatility - 50%, expected
term or time to maturity - 5 years. 

In connection with the issuance of the
Upside Warrant, the Company recorded deferred revenue of $646 as of December 31, 2015 and has amortized $82 and $248 of this deferred
revenue into other income during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016, respectively. 

NOTE 6 - SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT  

Walker Digital  

The Company has a Shared Services Agreement
( WDM Shared Services Agreement ) with Walker Digital Management ( WDM ). The cost of such services
varies monthly based on the terms of the WDM Shared Services Agreement. The incurred expenses include but are not limited to executive
compensation, information technology services and supplies, administrative and general services and supplies and rent and utilities,
are based either on specific attribution of those expenses or, where necessary and appropriate, based on the Company s best
estimate of an appropriate proportional allocation. 

The following table represents operating expenses contributed
by WDM on behalf of the Company and expenses incurred under the WDM Shared Services Agreement for the three months ended September
30, 2016 and 2015: 

(1)   Compensation expenses are net of services charged to WDM.
During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, and 2015, the Company charged approximately $6 and $38 and $11 and
$16 of expenses, respectively, related to such services. 

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, due from WDM included in prepaid and other current assets on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets was $166 and $147,
respectively, and due to WDM included in accounts payable/accrued expenses on the Condensed Balance Sheet was $53 and $47, respectively. 

The
Upside Commerce Group, LLC  

In December 2015,
the Company entered into the Upside Services Agreement with Upside to provide executive management, marketing, legal, innovation
and financial consulting services. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 the Company provided approximately $74
and $351 of services, respectively, and these amounts are included in Other Income on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of
Operations. Receivables of $26 and $53 related to the agreement were included in prepaid and other current assets on the Condensed
Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively. 

NOTE 7 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES  

Litigation   

The Company is subject to claims, counterclaims
and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business.   The plaintiff in each patent
suit may have defenses to any counterclaim.  In addition, the defendants in certain of the patent suits may file motions seeking
costs and fees against the plaintiff, which may be opposed.  The Company recognizes a liability for a contingency when it
is probable that liability has been incurred and when the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. When a range of probable
loss can be estimated, the Company accrues the most likely amount of such loss, at no less than the minimum of the range. 

In June
2016, the Company settled an arbitration against a third party arising from such third party s claims against Walker
Digital related to certain patent families the Company received by recorded assignment from Walker Digital.  The
Company has evaluated its rights to indemnification from Walker Digital as a consequence of the settlement with the third
party and is seeking to negotiate a resolution of its indemnification claim against Walker Digital. Management believes that
the ultimate outcome will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash
flows.  

On May 31, 2016, the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware granted, in part, a defendants  motion for attorney s fees in one of the Company s
enforcement actions, and ordered a recalculation of those fees. On July 14, 2016, the Court approved fees and costs aggregating
approximately $933. IH LLC obtained a bond in the amount of $936 (which includes interest) and the parties filed a stipulation
for approval of such bond and stay of execution of the fee award pending appeal, which stipulation was approved by the District
Court. A notice of appeal to the Federal Circuit was filed on October 11, 2016, and a decision on that appeal is expected in
the spring of 2017. The Company expensed the full amount to Other legal and consulting fees in the Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Operations during the second quarter. 

Accrued Compensation   

As of September 30, 2016 and December 31,
2015, accrued compensation was $90 and $81, respectively, and related to amounts due in connection with severance to former Haystack
IQ employees, accrued vacation pay and bonuses. Most accrued bonuses are discretionary in nature, although some are based on specific
performance goals. These amounts are included in accrued expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

NOTE 8 - EQUITY  

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had
authorized an aggregate of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, 14,999,000 shares of which have been designated Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock. As of September 30, 2016, there were 21,134,744 shares of the Company s common stock issued and 20,741,572 outstanding.
As of September 30, 2016, 14,999,000 shares of the Company s Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

NOTE 9 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION  

Total stock-based compensation to employees and non-employees
for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is presented in the following table: 

During the third quarter of 2016, no options were granted for
the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock under the Incentive Plan. The Company utilized the Black-Scholes
option pricing model to calculate the fair value of options outstanding at September 30, 2016 and used historical volatility rates.
The valuation of the options included the following assumptions: risk-free rate of interest   0.92%, volatility   91.8%,
expected term or time to maturity   6 years, expected dividends   N/A. 

A summary of the status of the Company s
stock option plans and the changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2016, is presented in the table below: 

As of September 30, 2016, the Company had unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to all unvested stock options of $567, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average
vesting period of ten months. 

NOTE 10   SOFTWARE AGREEMENT  

On May 8, 2014, the Company entered into
a Software as Service Agreement with Innography, Inc. ( Innography ) under which the Company has access to Innography s
proprietary web-based application software platforms and patent related data and analytics functionality in connection with the
development and commercialization of Haystack IQ. On April 1, 2016 the Company provided notice to Innography of its intent not
to renew the Software as Service Agreement, which expired on May 8, 2016. 

NOTE 11   CUSTOM INNOVATION CONSULTING   RELATED
PARTY  

On August 20, 2015, the Company entered
into an Engagement Agreement (the  Engagement Agreement ) with Walker Digital, regarding the provision of software
development and consulting services. The initial work order received by the Company under the Engagement Agreement is with respect
to a prototype project involving a Fortune 500 insurance company that previously retained Walker Digital to design and prototype
innovative business models. Payments totaling $3.0 million were paid to the Company through September 30, 2016 and the agreement
expires in December 2016. The Company is recognizing service revenues under this contract on a percentage of completion basis,
as prototyping services are provided. Although management believes it has established adequate procedures for estimating costs
to complete on open contracts, it is at least reasonably possible that additional significant costs could occur on contracts prior
to completion. The Company periodically evaluates and revises its estimates and makes adjustments when they are considered necessary. 

The Costs and Estimated Earnings on Uncompleted
Contracts is summarized as follows: 

NOTE 12   RESTRUCTURING CHARGE  

On March 31, 2016
as part of its effort to reduce costs and focus its business development efforts, the Company ceased operations of its Haystack
IQ product. 

The following
summarizes the components of the one-time non-recurring restructuring charge for the  nine months ended September 30,
2016: 

September 30,     2016       
 
     Severance and other employee costs    
     $  172     
 
     Write off of prepaid expenses    
        69     
 
     Accelerated depreciation     
        213     
 
     Other costs, including obligations for leases, legal and allowance for doubtful accounts    
        121     
 
     Total restructuring charge    
     $  575     

This amount was expensed during the first quarter. As of September
30, 2016, $54 was included in Accrued expenses in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

NOTE
13   LIQUIDITY FACILITY  

On July 19, 2016, the Company entered into
a Revolving Note Agreement and Pledge Agreement (collectively, the  Liquidity Facility ) with its controlling shareholder,
Walker Digital, to enable the Company to borrow up to $1.5 million on a revolving basis, subject to Walker Digital having such
available working capital (which it has undertaken to maintain at not less than the lesser of $750 or the unborrowed amount of
the Liquidity Facility during the term of the Liquidity Facility). Interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the Liquidity
Facility at the prime rate. The Company has pledged 20% of the Upside Warrant as collateral to secure repayment of the Liquidity
Facility. In order to borrow under the Liquidity Facility the Company must have a cash balance of less then $2.0 million. Borrowing
is limited to $200 per month. All outstanding principal and accrued interest is due and payable on the expiration date of the Liquidity
Facility, which is July 19, 2019. As of September 30, 2016, no amounts have been advanced or borrowed on the Liquidity Facility. 

Item
2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

The following discussion and analysis
of the financial condition and results of our operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes
to those statements. This discussion contains forward-looking statements reflecting our management s current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these
forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under the heading  Risk Factors  in
our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 15, 2016.  

Narrative discussions of dollar figures
are in thousands, except per share data and where the context indicates otherwise.  

General  

Through our wholly-owned subsidiaries,
we create, commercialize, license and, when necessary, legally enforce our homegrown portfolio of business innovations, which
we acquired from our affiliate Walker Digital. We also make our internal capacity for innovation available on a custom basis to
help third-party companies compete and grow. These activities are conducted primarily through three areas of focus: 

We seek to commercialize
                                         our unique portfolio of intellectual property assets through our licensing and enforcement
                                         operations ( Licensing and Enforcement ); 

We are available
                                         to large corporations that need custom innovation services to create, prototype and commercialize
                                         new businesses and new business methods that improve corporate performance; and 

We provide value
                                         added services to The Upside Commerce Group, LLC, ( Upside ) an affiliate,
                                         and hold the Upside Warrant representing approximately 16% of the current aggregate outstanding
                                         limited liability company interests of Upside on a fully diluted basis. 

In response to the challenging developments
in the patent licensing and enforcement environment and the decision to cease operations of Haystack IQ, our current plan of operations
includes a more focused Licensing and Enforcement program, custom innovation services and the initiation of an effort to acquire,
through merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, plan of arrangement, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination,
one or more operating businesses, either within our current verticals or in new industry segments, or control of such operating
businesses through contractual arrangements. 

The Company is led by entrepreneur and
inventor Jay Walker, who is best known as the founder of Priceline.com and has twice been named by TIME magazine as  one
of the top 50 business leaders of the digital age.  Mr. Walker currently ranks as the world s 10th most patented living
individual, based on U.S. patent issuances according to Wikipedia. 

All improvements to the intellectual property
assets that were primary to Walker Digital s licensing s business, together with any of the intellectual property associated
with Haystack IQ, have been assigned to our subsidiary Inventor Holdings, LLC ( IH LLC ) pursuant to an Invention Assignment
Agreement with Mr. Walker. While the terms of the Invention Assignment Agreement do not entitle us to any other intellectual property
Mr. Walker may develop in the future, in view of his significant equity position in the Company and the Company s platform
for the protection of the intellectual property it holds, Mr. Walker may nevertheless determine to develop and commercialize intellectual
property through the Company. The terms and conditions of any such transaction would be negotiated between Mr. Walker and our Audit
Committee at the time of such determination. 

All of our intellectual property assets
were created in-house by us or our affiliate, with the goal of solving business problems and achieving commercial return. However,
it is our belief that some of our inventions have become part of the commercial activities of other businesses without having been
licensed, depriving us of financial value. Our Licensing and Enforcement segment is currently pursuing one matter in the US District
Court in Delaware regarding our inventions. The Company was also engaged in an arbitration relating to its intellectual property
assets against a third party described below, which was settled in June 2016. We may expand our enforcement activities to other
patents in our portfolio and other unlicensed users of those patents that have previously been asserted in litigation, although
the timing and extent of these activities depends upon many factors affecting the patent enforcement industry that are beyond our
control. 

We believe the market for services that
help companies identify complementary knowledge, expertise and resources outside the firm to speed internal problem solving and
reduce time to market is both large and in need of new tools and new thinking. The market for business intelligence is characterized
by great information asymmetry that makes mining the technical know how inside the patent database and other technical databases
with human experts cost prohibitive for most companies and limited in its impact. Haystack IQ launched in August 2015 to address
these needs and, although we saw growth in subscriber volumes we lack the capital necessary to scale the business. Given our focus
on conserving capital, we decided to cease operations at the end of the first quarter of 2016 and recorded a one-time non-recurring
charge of $575.  

The Company was engaged in a legal action
arising from claims related to certain patent families the Company and IH LLC received from Walker Digital, LLC ( Walker
Digital ) by recorded assignment at the time of a September 18, 2013 merger involving GlobalOptions Group, Inc and Walker
Digital (the  Merger ).  The legal action arose due to an adverse judicial decision relating to interpretation
of the terms of a settlement agreement entered into by Walker Digital with a third party, prior to the Merger.  Although the
judicial decision does not specifically address the Company s patents, the Company was notified by the third party and its
assignee, (collectively, the  Third Party ), that they believe the court's decision supports the Third Party s
claim that a large number of patents had been conveyed to the Third Party by assignment under the settlement agreement. The
Third Party also indicated it may seek damages against the Company arising from that same set of facts. Walker Digital and the
Company and its subsidiaries commenced arbitration on March 31, 2015 against the Third Party seeking reformation of the settlement
agreement between the Third Party and Walker Digital.  As a result of negotiations among the parties
during pendency of the arbitration, the parties entered into a settlement agreement dated June 10, 2016, pursuant to which Walker
Digital paid the Third Party $250 and assigned 10 patent assets to the Third Party and the Company and IH LLC assigned 111 patent
assets to the Third Party. The settlement agreement contains mutual releases, including a release by the Third Party of claims
to the remaining patent assets of Walker Digital and the Company and its subsidiaries.  None of the patents assigned
to the Third Party in the settlement were being enforced in the Company s licensing and enforcement litigation. 

The Company and its subsidiaries and Walker
Digital entered into a tolling agreement dated June 9, 2015 with respect to claims the Company and its subsidiaries may have against
Walker Digital in the event they are required to assign to the Third Party patent assets originally assigned to the Company and
IH LLC by Walker Digital at the time of the Merger or if the Company and its subsidiaries are required to pay damages. The
Company has evaluated its rights to indemnification from Walker Digital as a consequence of the settlement with the Third Party
and is seeking to negotiate a resolution of its indemnification claim against Walker Digital. The Company believes the matter
described above will not have a material effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Overview  

Our operating activities during fiscal
2015 and through the first quarter of 2016 were principally focused on the launch and analysis of initial market reception of
Haystack IQ , with a reduced emphasis on the development, licensing and enforcement of our patent portfolios due to several
factors adversely affecting the patent environment. Our Licensing and Enforcement revenues historically have fluctuated period
to period, and can vary significantly, based on a number of factors including the following: 

the dollar amount
                                         of agreements executed each period, which can be driven by the nature and characteristics
                                         of the technology or technologies being licensed and the magnitude of infringement associated
                                         with a specific licensee; 

the specific
                                         terms and conditions of agreements executed each period including the nature and characteristics
                                         of rights granted, and the periods of infringement or term of use contemplated by the
                                         respective payments; 

fluctuations
                                         in the total number of agreements executed each period; 

the timing, results and uncertainties associated with patent
filings and other enforcement proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights; 

the relative maturity of licensing programs during the
applicable periods; and 

other external factors, including developments in the law
affecting patent enforcement. 

Counterparties refer to those
parties who were defendants in patent infringement cases that had been brought by us. Certain of these cases have been
settled by entering into patent sale agreements, which typically results in one-time payments to us that are recognized as
revenue. All of the other revenue was generated through settlement and non-exclusive license agreements. All of the
agreements provide for a one-time payment to the Company. Generally we are willing to engage in settlement discussions with
defendants at any appropriate time during the course of litigation. We will agree to settle a dispute with a defendant when
we believe that such a settlement and the terms of the agreement are in the best interest of the Company and its
shareholders. The environment for entering into such patent sale agreements or license agreements has been adversely affected
by several significant developments in the intellectual property industry, including the continued effect of the Leahy-Smith
America Invents Act of 2011 (including several new means by which challenges of our patents may be effected, including inter
partes review proceedings) and the Supreme Court holding in the Alice Corp. v. CLS Bank International case, which called
into question the patentability of computer software. In view of these trends (including our inability to enforce any patents
that are the subject of inter partes review), we are anticipating that the revenue from Licensing and Enforcement will
continue to be below historic levels. We have focused our ongoing patent and licensing and enforcement campaign on one
specific family patents that we believe has licensing value in a number of industries.  

We had initially planned to fund our investment
in sales, marketing, product development and infrastructure for Haystack IQ with the operating cash flows of our Licensing and
Enforcement activities.  In view of the negative trends in the patent licensing industry discussed
above and the potential adverse impact of those changes on our revenues, we were forced to decrease our investment in Haystack
IQ. Without the necessary capital to bring the business to scale, we subsequently decided to cease the operations of Haystack IQ
entirely on March 31, 2016.  

In December 2015,
the Company entered into the The Upside Services Agreement with Upside Commerce Group, LLC, a company affiliated with Walker Digital,
the Company s controlling stockholder, regarding the provision of executive management, marketing, legal and financial consulting
services. There are no set deliverables contemplated by the Upside Services Agreement, although the hourly rates the Company expects
to charge Upside (approximately equal to the Company s cost) are specified. 

In connection with the Upside Services
Agreement, the Company was granted the Upside Warrant to purchase limited liability company interests in Upside at an exercise
price of $0.06 per Class A common share, which amount has been determined to equal the fair market value of such shares as of the
date of issuance of the Upside Warrant. The Upside Warrant was issued to the Company by Jay Walker, who currently beneficially
owns approximately 37% of the aggregate outstanding limited liability company interests of Upside on a fully diluted basis. The
total Class A common shares that may be purchased pursuant to the exercise of the Upside Warrant is 16,400,000 shares, equal to
approximately 16% of the current aggregate outstanding limited liability company interests of Upside, on a fully diluted basis,
and the transfer of such shares to the Company is subject to certain requirements, including the provision of an opinion of counsel
that such would not result in Upside being deemed to be a publicly traded partnership for purposes of U.S. federal income tax law. 

The fair value
of  the Upside Warrant  was determined using the Black-Scholes model and was determined to  be
$7,207  as of September 30, 2016. Accordingly, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company
recorded an unrealized gain of $ 6,536 . In connection with the issuance of  the Upside
Warrant , the Company recorded deferred revenue of $646 as of December 31, 2015 and has amortized $ 82
and $248  of this deferred revenue into Other Income during the three and nine months ended September
30, 2016.  

In light of the foregoing developments,
including the potential resolution of all of the Company s current Licensing and Enforcement activity (depending on a court
determination in the District of Delaware) and, potentially, the possible conclusion of the Company s current principle Innovation
consulting arrangements, both of which may occur later in 2016, management is continuing to seek new opportunities to develop or
monetize our assets and offer services to clients seeking our expertise. While it is not actively seeking any such proposal, in
the event alternative opportunities arise in the form of significant corporate transactions such as merger or business combination
with another entity, the Company expects to consider such proposals based on the circumstances presented by the business trends
discussed above and the potential synergies and benefits to stockholders afforded by a particular transaction. 

Results of Operations  

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared
with Three Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Net Income (Loss)   

Net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2016 was $1,136 compared to net loss of $2,659 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Operating expenses of $1,584 for the three
months ended September 30, 2016 included other legal and consulting fees of $174, patent prosecution and maintenance fees of $59,
compensation and related benefits (including non-cash compensation of $461) of $914, professional fees of $268, and general and
administrative expense of $169. Net revenue totaled $290 for the three months ended September 30, 2016. 

Operating expenses of $2,419 for the quarter
ended September 30, 2015 included other legal and consulting fees of $380 patent prosecution and maintenance fees of $48, compensation
and related benefits, (including non-cash compensation of $383) of $1,152, professional fees of $479, general and administrative
expenses of $360, which includes software expenses of $302. Net revenue totaled ($243) for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded other income of $157; $74 relates to amounts received from Upside in connection with services provided
and which $83 represents amortization in connection with the Upside Warrant. 

Revenues     

For the three months ended September
30, 2016, we recognized $730 of revenue, a  498 % increase compared to revenues of $122 for the
same period in 2015.  

We generated
revenue of $ 100  from six licensing agreements in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $4 from
one licensing agreement in the third quarter of 2015. Our revenues historically have fluctuated based on the number of patented
technology portfolios, the timing and results of patent filings and our enforcement proceedings relating to our intellectual property
rights.  

We recorded
$ 630  in revenue from the Custom Innovation work based on the percentage of completion, compared
to $96 for the three months ended September 30, 2015.  

Cost of Revenue   

Legal and Consulting Contingency Fees  

 Legal and consulting contingent fees for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $25 and $0, respectively. Our legal and consulting contingent fees are
dependent upon the realization of revenue and vary based on the mix of cases using contingent firms compared to hourly firms. 

Cost of Subscription Revenue  

 Cost of subscription revenue is comprised
of compensation for Company employees within the software and systems engineering groups in addition to data costs and amortization
expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2015 this amount totaled $282. This amount is disproportionate to the revenue
as the Company had not achieved scale at which it could amortize its technology costs. 

Cost of Custom Innovation Work  

 Costs of custom innovation work represent
the staff and related other costs associated with any of the services provided. For the third quarter of 2016 and 2015 this amount
totaled $415 and $83 respectively. 

Licensing and Enforcement Expenses   

Other legal and consulting expenses for
the three months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $174 and $380, respectively.  The decrease in other legal and consulting
fees during the third quarter of 2016 as compared to the third quarter of 2015 was mainly attributable to the number of cases and
the mix of our contingent and hourly legal fees related to our active cases as well as a very focused approach to existing litigation.
Other legal and consulting expenses fluctuate from period to period based on patent enforcement and prosecution activity associated
with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs and the timing of the commencement of new licensing and enforcement programs in
each period. We expect other legal and consulting expenses to continue to fluctuate period to period based on the factors
summarized above, in connection with scheduled trial dates and our current and future patent development, licensing and enforcement
activities. 

Patent prosecution and maintenance expenses
for the third quarter of 2016 increased to $59 from $48 in the third quarter of 2015. Patent prosecution and maintenance expenses
are related to legal fees and the United States Patent Trademark Office ( USPTO ) expenses for reexaminations and patent
prosecutions. 

General and Administrative Expenses     

Compensation and benefits expense
decreased by 21% for the three months ended September 30, 2016 to $914 from $1,152 for the three months ended September 30,
2015 and includes share based compensation of $461 and $383 for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Included in other income is $74 of income that we received from Upside in connection with advisory
services that we provided to them. When offset against compensation and benefits expense, the amount decreased by 27%. The
decrease in compensation and benefits is related to an overall decrease in headcount from 18 in 2015 to 10 in 2016. 

Professional fees for the third quarter
of 2016 decreased by 44% and totaled $268 and related primarily to accounting and legal fees of $161, board and advisory fees of
$75, and public company expenses of $22. Professional fees for the third quarter of 2015 totaled $479 and related to accounting
and corporate legal fees of $237, board and advisory fees of $135, investor and public relations costs of $48, consulting related
to the subscription business of $32 and public company costs of $26. 

Total general and administrative expenses
decreased by 53% to $169 for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 compared to $360 for the quarter ended September 30, 2015. The
decrease is attributed to decreases in: marketing of $32, depreciation of $23, computer services of $65, travel and meals of $8,
reduced taxes, including sales and use tax, of $13 and office space of $33. 

Unrealized Gain/Other Income   

For the three months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded other income of $157 which consists of $74 of income related to amounts billed to Upside in connection
with professional services rendered and $83 which represents amortization in connection with the Upside Warrant. 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Compared
with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015   

Net Income (Loss)   

Net income for the nine months ended September
30, 2016 was $1,462 compared to net loss of $10,032 for the nine months ended September 30, 2015.  

Operating expenses of $6,463 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2016 included other legal and consulting fees of $1,342, patent prosecution and maintenance fees of
$143, compensation and related benefits (including non-cash compensation of $1,424) of $3,025, professional fees of $796, general
and administrative expense of $582 and included a one time non-recurring restructuring charge of $575 in connection with the closing
of the operations of Haystack IQ in March 2016. Net revenue totaled $786 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. 

Operating expenses of $9,239 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2015 included other legal and consulting fees of $1,771, patent prosecution and maintenance fees of
$409, compensation and related benefits (including non-cash compensation of $1,470) of $4,264, professional fees of $1,482, and
general and administrative expense of $1,313, including marketing expenses of $295. Net revenue totaled ($806) for the nine months
ended September 30, 2015. 

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded a non-cash, unrealized gain of $6,536 in connection with the Upside Warrant, as well as other income
of $597, which includes $350 received from Upside in connection with services provided and $247 which represents amortization in
connection with the Upside Warrant. 

Revenues     

For the nine months ended September 30, 2016,
we recognized $2.4 million of revenue, a 605% increase compared to revenues of $342 for the same period in 2015. 

We generated
revenue of  $602  from  eight  licensing agreements compared
to $202 from one licensing agreement, in the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Our revenues historically
have fluctuated based on the number of patented technology portfolios, the timing and results of patent filings and our enforcement
proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights.  

For the nine
months ended September 30, 2016, we averaged 20 subscriptions in queue related to Haystack IQ prior to its closing and we recognized
approximately $75 in revenue. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016, we recorded $ 1,733  in
revenue from the Custom Innovation work based on the percentage of completion compared to $96 in revenue for the nine months ended
September 30, 2015.  

Cost of Revenue   

Legal and Consulting Contingency Fees  

 Legal and consulting contingent fees for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $25 and $71, respectively. Our legal and consulting contingent fees are
dependent upon the realization of revenue and vary based on the mix of cases using contingent firms compared to hourly firms. 

Cost of Subscription Revenue  

 Cost of subscription revenue is comprised
of compensation for Company employees within the software and systems engineering groups in addition to data costs and amortization
expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 this amount totaled $199 and $994, respectively, This amount is
disproportionate to the revenue as the Company had not achieved scale at which it could amortize its technology costs. 

Cost of Custom Innovation Work  

 Costs of custom innovation work represent the staff and related
other costs associated with any of the services provided. For the nine months ending September 30, 2016 and 2015, these amount
totaled $1.4 million and $83, respectively. 

Licensing and Enforcement Expenses   

Other legal and consulting expenses for
the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were $1,342 and $1,771, respectively.  The decrease in other legal and consulting
fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2016 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2015 was mainly attributable
to the reduced number of cases. The decrease would have been greater, were it not for a court ruling in the first half of 2016
that would require the Company to pay $933 in legal and filing fees. Although the Company expensed the full amount it has filed
an appeal. Other legal and consulting expenses fluctuate from period to period based on patent enforcement and prosecution activity
associated with ongoing licensing and enforcement programs and the timing of the commencement of new licensing and enforcement
programs in each period. We expect other legal and consulting expenses to continue to fluctuate period to period based on
the factors summarized above, in connection with scheduled trial dates and our current and future patent development, licensing
and enforcement activities. 

Patent prosecution and maintenance expenses
for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 decreased to $143 from $409 for the same period in 2015. Patent prosecution and maintenance
expenses are related to legal fee and Patent Trademark Office expenses for reexaminations and patent prosecutions. 

General and Administrative Expenses     

Compensation and benefits expense
decreased by 29% for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 to $3,025 from $4,264 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015 and includes share based compensation of $1,424 and $1,470 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015,
respectively. Included in other income of $597 is $248 of advisory fees that we received from Upside in connection with
services that we provided to them. When offset against compensation and benefits expense, the amount decreased by 35%. The
decrease in compensation and benefits is related to an overall decrease in headcount from 18 in 2015 to 10 in 2016. 

Professional fees for the nine months ended
September 30, 2016 decreased by 46% and totaled $796 and related primarily to accounting and legal fees of $388, board and advisory
fees of $213, investor and public relation costs of $93 and public company expenses of $92. Professional fees for nine months of
2015 totaled $1,482 and related to accounting and corporate legal fees of $443, board and advisory fees of $492, investor and public
relations costs of $285 and public company costs of $73. 

Total general and administrative expenses
decreased by 56% to $582 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 compared to $1,313 for the nine months ended September 30,
2015. The decrease is attributed to decreases in: marketing of $294, computer services of $152, travel and meals of $69, recruiting
expenses of $28, office space of $50 and depreciation of $19. 

In addition, in connection with closing
of Haystack IQ business, the Company recorded approximately $575 in one time, non-recurring restructuring charge during the nine
months ended September 30, 2016. These costs consist primarily of severance and other employee costs of $172, write off of prepaid
expenses of $69, accelerated amortization of $213 and other costs, including obligations for leases, legal and allowance for doubtful
accounts of $121. 

Unrealized Gain/Other Income   

For the nine months ended September 30,
2016, the Company recorded a non-cash, unrealized gain of $6,536 in connection with the Upside Warrant. Included in other income
of $597 is $350 received from Upside in connection with services provided as well as $247 of amortization in connection with the
Upside Warrant. The Company accounts for the Upside Warrant using the fair value option and therefore recorded the non-cash, unrealized
gain as a change in fair value in its Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

Our significant accounting policies are
more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the related disclosures of contingent assets
and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company s
significant estimates and assumptions include stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to the Company s
deferred tax assets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Our current assets
were $3.6 million at September 30, 2016, including $3.3 million of cash and cash equivalents. Working capital amounted to $1.5
million as of September 30, 2016. We believe that the reductions to operating expenses that we have made coupled with our ability
to further control discretionary spending, the availability under the Liquidity Facility, described below, and our existing cash
and cash equivalents on hand, is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of filing. 

On July 19, 2016, the Company entered into
a Revolving Note Agreement and Pledge Agreement (collectively, the  Liquidity Facility ) with its controlling shareholder,
Walker Digital, to enable the Company to borrow up to $1.5 million on a revolving basis, subject to Walker Digital having such
available working capital (which it has undertaken to maintain at not less than the lesser of $750 or the unborrowed amount of
the Liquidity Facility during the term of the Liquidity Facility). Interest accrues on the outstanding balance of the Liquidity
Facility at the prime rate. The Company has pledged 20% of the Upside Warrant as collateral to secure repayment of the Liquidity
Facility. In order to borrow under the Liquidity Facility the Company must have a cash balance of less then $2.0 million. Borrowing
is limited to $200 per month. All outstanding principal and accrued interest is due and payable on the expiration date of the Liquidity
Facility, which is July 19, 2019. 

Cash used in operating activities was approximately
$2.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016. During the nine months ended September 30, 2016, the Company spent
approximately $466 on the Innovation Business, $2,044 on corporate activities, and $77 on its Licensing and Enforcement business. 

Contractual Obligations  

We had no significant commitments for capital
expenditures and other than the Liquidity Facility described above, we have no other committed lines of credit or other committed
funding or long-term debt as of September 30, 2016.  

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions  

We are not party to any off-balance sheet
transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those that arise out of normal business operations. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements  

See
Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2016, included elsewhere in this document. 

Item 3. Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.  

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and
Procedures  

As of September 30, 2016, we conducted
an evaluation, under the supervision and participation of management including our chief executive officer and chief financial
officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls
and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving
their control objectives. 

Based upon this evaluation, our chief executive
officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance
level as of September 30, 2016. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting  

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2016 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION   

Item 1. Legal Proceedings.  

As described in our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016, on April 8, 2014, IH LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, filed suit alleging infringement
by Bed Bath   Beyond ( BBB ) of one or more claims of U.S. Patent 6,381,582 in the United States District Court
for the District of Delaware, Docket 14-448. The complaint sought damages for past, present and future infringement. On August
21, 2015, the District Court granted a Motion for Judgment on the Pleadings by Bed Bath   Beyond, finding US Patent No. 6,381,582
invalid under 35 U.S.C. Section 101. IH LLC subsequently filed an appeal with the Federal Circuit challenging the District Court s
Section 101 Ruling. On April 7, 2016, the Federal Circuit affirmed the District Court s ruling invalidating the patent. BBB
sought its fees and costs for both the District Court and Federal Circuit proceedings from IH LLC. On May 31, 2016, the District
Court granted, in part, BBB s motion for attorney s fees and costs and ordered a recalculation of these amounts, which
were approved by the District Court in the amount of approximately $933,000 on July 14, 2016. IH LLC obtained a bond in the amount
of $936,200 (which includes interest) and the parties filed a stipulation for approval of such bond and stay of execution of the
fee award pending appeal, which stipulation was approved by the District Court,. An appeal to the Federal Circuit was filed on
October 11, 2016, and a decision on that appeal is expected in the spring of 2017. No assurance can be given that the Company will
not be required to pay such counsel fees in the full amount approved by the District Court or the timing of any such payment. 

As described in our Annual Report on Form
10-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016, on January 22, 2015, Alstom Grid, Inc. ( Alstom ) filed a complaint for
declaratory judgment of non-infringement of U.S. Patents 5,828,751, 6,282,648, 6,289,453 and 8,549,310 against Certified Measurement
LLC ( CM LLC ), a subsidiary of IH, LLC, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Docket No.
15-072. On February 5, 2015, CM LLC filed a counterclaim alleging infringement of one or more claims of such patents seeking damages
for past, present and future infringement. On July 22, 2016, the Court held a claim construction hearing and a hearing on Alstom s
motion to invalidate the patents under 35 U.S. Code Section 101.  On August 3, 2016 the U.S. Magistrate Judge presiding over
the claim construction hearing issued a report recommending that the District Court adopt the claim construction proposed by CM,
LLC. A decision on the Section 101 motion is pending. On October 14, 2016 the parties filed a joint motion to stay the case for
thirty days, pending finalization and execution of a settlement being negotiated by the parties. No assurance can be given that
the settlement will be finalized or executed. 

On April 12, 2011, Walker Digital,
LLC ( Walker Digital ) filed suit alleging infringement of one or more claims of U.S. Patent 7,924,323 in the
United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Docket No. 11-326. The complaint was filed against Canon U.S.A,
Inc., Casio America, Inc., Eastman Kodak Co., Eye-Fi, Inc., Fujifilm U.S.A., Inc., Nikon, Inc., Olympus America, Inc., Pentax
of America, Inc., Ricoh Americas Corporation, Samsung Electronics America, Sanyo North America Corporation, Sony Corporation
of America and Sony Electronics, Inc. The complaint seeks damages and a permanent injunction. Walker Digital entered into a
settlement agreement with Nikon, Inc. on December 19, 2011, Samsung Electronics America on June 14, 2012 and Canon U.S.A.
Inc., on March 5, 2013. Walker Digital dismissed each settling party from this suit. On December 29, 2014, Sony Electronics,
Inc. filed a request for Ex Parte Reexamination before the United States Patent and Trademark Office of US Patent 7,924,323.
On August 12, 2015, a final rejection of all challenged claims in the Ex Parte Reexamination was received from the United
States Patent and Trademark Office. IH LLC, as assignee of the patent the subject of the litigation and successor to Walker
Digital in the litigation, has reached settlement with Ricoh America s Corporation, Casio America, Inc., Sanyo Electric
Co., Ltd., Olympus Corporation, Sony Corporation and Fujifilm U.S.A. involving the asserted patent and related patents. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors.  

 Not required for a smaller reporting company. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds.  

 None. 

Item 3. Default Upon Senior Securities.  

 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.  

 None. 

Item 5. Other Information.  

 None. 

Item 6. Exhibits.  

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q. 

SIGNATURES  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WALKER INNOVATION INC.   

Dated: November 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Jonathan Ellenthal   

Jonathan Ellenthal   

Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)   

Dated: November 7, 2016  
      By:  
      /s/ Kara B. Jenny   

Kara B. Jenny   

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer)   

<EX-31.1>
 2
 v451304_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   RULE
13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Jonathan Ellenthal, certify
that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Walker Innovation Inc. for the quarter
                                         ended September 30, 2016;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchanged
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:    

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, caused such internal control over financial
                                         reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
                                         the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
                                         external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and    

d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/
    Jonathan Ellenthal   

Jonathan
    Ellenthal   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 v451304_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   RULE
13A-14 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

I, Kara B. Jenny, certify that:  

1.    I
                                         have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Walker Innovation Inc. for the quarter
                                         ended September 30, 2016;    

2.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
                                         or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                                         circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
                                         period covered by this report;    

3.    Based
                                         on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
                                         this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
                                         of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
                                         in this report;    

4.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
                                         maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
                                         and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchanged
                                         Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have:    

a)    designed
                                         such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
                                         to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
                                         the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
                                         within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;    

b)    designed
                                         such internal control over financial reporting, caused such internal control over financial
                                         reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
                                         the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
                                         external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;    

c)    evaluated
                                         the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
                                         in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
                                         procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
                                         and    

d)    disclosed
                                         in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
                                         that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
                                         fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
                                         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
                                         over financial reporting; and    

5.    The
                                         registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
                                         evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
                                         and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
                                         the equivalent functions):    

a)    all
                                         significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
                                         control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                                         registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
                                         and    

b)    any
                                         fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/
    Kara B. Jenny   

Kara
    B. Jenny   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 v451304_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection
with the Quarterly report of Walker Innovation Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Jonathan Ellenthal,
the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:  

1.    The
                                         Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/
    Jonathan Ellenthal   

Jonathan
    Ellenthal   

Chief
    Executive Officer   

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 v451304_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit
32.2   

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO   

   18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350,   

   AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO   

   SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   

In connection
with the Quarterly report of Walker Innovation Inc. (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30,
2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Kara B. Jenny, the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that:  

1.    The
                                         Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
                                         Exchange Act of 1934; and    

2.    The
                                         information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
                                         condition and results of operations of the Company.    

Date: November 7, 2016  

/s/
    Kara B. Jenny   

Kara
    B. Jenny   

Chief
    Financial Officer   

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 wlkr-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wlkr-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 wlkr-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wlkr-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wlkr-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wlkr-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

