<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161103_10-Q_edgar_data_1581405_0001581405-16-000112_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5486642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130323</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>323933</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1886287</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2116898</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>892463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001581405-16-000112.hdr.sgml : 20161103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161103151444
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001581405-16-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001581405
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				611714451
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55438
		FILM NUMBER:		161971311

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11501 NORTHLAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45249
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(513) 554-1110

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11501 NORTHLAKE DRIVE
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45249

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Phillips Edison - ARC Grocery Center REIT II, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130712

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001581405-16-000112.txt : 20161103

10-Q
 1
 pe-ntr2q3201610xq.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-Q 

(Mark One) 
  x      QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the quarterly period ended   September 30, 2016    
  OR 
  o      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
  For the transition period from             to               
  Commission file number 000-55438 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC.     

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
    
                 Maryland 
    61-1714451 
      (State or Other Jurisdiction of 
  Incorporation or Organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer 
  Identification No.) 

(513) 554-1110 
  (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes    x      No     o 
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).    Yes    x      No    o    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
                     Large Accelerated Filer 
    o 
    Accelerated Filer 
    o 

Non-Accelerated Filer 
    o    (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).    Yes    o      No    x 
  As of   October 31, 2016  , there were 46.3 million outstanding shares of common stock of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1 

PART I.        FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.          Financial Statements 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  AS OF   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   DECEMBER 31, 2015    
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
  FOR THE   THREE AND NINE   MONTHS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND 2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND 2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC. 
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
  FOR THE   NINE MONTHS ENDED     SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND 2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

1  .   ORGANIZATION    
  Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. ( we,  the  Company,   our,  or  us ) was formed as a Maryland corporation in June 2013. Substantially all of our business is conducted through Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership II, L.P., (the  Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership formed in June 2013. We are a limited partner of the Operating Partnership, and our wholly owned subsidiary, PE Grocery Center OP GP II LLC, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. We closed our primary offering of shares of common stock on September 15, 2015. We continue to offer up to   55.6 million   shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ). 
  Our advisor is Phillips Edison NTR II LLC ( PE-NTR II ), which is directly or indirectly owned by Phillips Edison Limited Partnership (the  Phillips Edison sponsor ). Under the terms of the advisory agreement between PE-NTR II and us (the  PE-NTR II Agreement ), PE-NTR II is responsible for the management of our day-to-day activities and the implementation of our investment strategy. The advisory agreement has a one-year term, but may be renewed for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent of the parties and approval of the independent members of our board of directors. 
  We invest primarily in well-occupied, grocery-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers having a mix of creditworthy national and regional retailers selling necessity-based goods and services in strong demographic markets throughout the United States. In addition, we may invest in other retail properties including power and lifestyle shopping centers, multi-tenant shopping centers, free-standing single-tenant retail properties, and other real estate or real estate-related assets.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we wholly-owned fee simple interests in   70   real estate properties acquired from third parties unrelated to us or PE-NTR II. In addition, we own a   20%   equity interest in a joint venture that owned   seven   real estate properties (see Note 4). 

2  .   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES    
  Set forth below is a summary of the significant accounting estimates and policies that management believes are important to the preparation of our consolidated interim financial statements. Certain of our accounting estimates are particularly important for an understanding of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management. As a result, these estimates are subject to a degree of uncertainty. There have been no changes to our significant accounting policies during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , except for the items discussed below. For a full summary of our accounting policies, refer to our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 3, 2016.  
  Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation   The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) for interim financial information and with instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. Readers of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should refer to the audited consolidated financial statements of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. for the year ended   December 31, 2015  , which are included in our   2015   Annual Report on Form 10-K. In the opinion of management, all normal and recurring adjustments necessary for the fair presentation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the periods presented have been included in this Quarterly Report. Our results of operations for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , are not necessarily indicative of the operating results expected for the full year. 
  The accompanying consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our majority-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. 
  Gain on Sale of Assets   We recognize sales of assets only upon the closing of the transaction with the purchaser. We recognize gains (net of any taxes) on assets sold using the full accrual method upon closing if the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured, we are not obligated to perform any significant activities after the sale to earn the profit, we have received adequate initial investment from the purchaser, and other profit recognition criteria have been satisfied. We may defer recognition of gains in whole or in part until: (i) the profit is determinable, meaning that the collectibility of the sales price is reasonably assured or the amount that will not be collectible can be estimated; and (ii) the earnings process is virtually complete, meaning that we are not obliged to perform any significant activities after the sale to earn the profit. Gains and losses on transfers of operating properties resulting from the sale of a partial interest in properties to unconsolidated joint ventures are recognized using the partial sale provisions under Accounting Standard Codification ( ASC ) 360-20,   Property, Plant   Equipment - Real Estate Sales  . 
  
   6 

Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Venture   We account for our investment in our unconsolidated joint venture using the equity method of accounting as we exercise significant influence over, but do not control, this entity. This investment was initially recorded at cost and is subsequently adjusted for contributions made to and distributions received from the joint venture. Earnings or loss for our investment are recognized in accordance with the terms of the applicable joint venture agreement, generally through a pro rata allocation. Under a pro rata allocation, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. 
  To recognize the character of distributions from our unconsolidated joint venture, we review the nature of cash distributions received for purposes of determining whether such distributions should be classified as either a return on investment, which would be included in operating activities, or a return of investment, which would be included in investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows.  
  On a periodic basis, management assesses whether there are indicators, including the operating performance of the underlying real estate and general market conditions, that the value of our investment in our unconsolidated joint venture may be impaired. An investment s value is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss is measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value.  
  Management s estimates of fair value are based upon a discounted cash flow model for each specific investment that includes all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums, capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads used in these models are based upon rates we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates. 
  Share-based Compensation   We account for our share-based compensation plan based on the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) guidance which requires that compensation expense be recognized based on the fair value of the stock awards less estimated forfeitures. Our restricted stock grants vest based upon the completion of a service period ( service-based grants ). Service-based grants are valued according to the determined value per share for our common stock at the date of grant. Awards of service-based grants of stock are expensed as compensation on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.  
  Reclassifications   The following line item on our consolidated balance sheets as of   December 31, 2015  , was reclassified to conform to the current year presentation: 
             
    Acquired Intangible Lease Assets was separated into Acquired Above-Market Lease Assets and Acquired In-Place Lease Assets. 
     Newly Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ( ASU ) 2015-03,   Interest - Imputation of Interest (Topic 835): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs   ( ASU 2015-03 ). This update amends existing guidance to require the presentation of certain debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of a deferred charge. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-15,   Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements   ( ASU 2015-15 ). This update provides guidance regarding the presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements. We adopted ASU 2015-03 and ASU 2015-15 on January 1, 2016, and retrospectively applied the guidance for all periods presented. Unamortized debt issuance costs of   $4.8 million   and   $1.4 million   are included in Mortgages and Loans Payable, Net as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015, respectively, which were previously included in Deferred Financing Expense, Net on our consolidated balance sheets. The remaining amounts included in Other Assets, Net on our consolidated balance sheets were related to our revolving credit facility. The adoption did not have an impact on our results of operations (see Note   6  ). 
  In February 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-02,   Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis to ASC Topic 810 Consolidation   ( ASU 2015-02 ). ASU 2015-02 includes all reporting entities within the scope of Subtopic 810-10   Consolidation - Overall  , including limited partnerships and similar legal entities, unless a scope exception applies. Overall the amendments in this update are to simplify the codification and reduce the number of consolidation models and place more emphasis on risk of loss when determining controlling financial interests. ASU 2015-02 was effective beginning in the first quarter of the year ending December 31, 2016. We have evaluated the impact of the adoption of ASU 2015-02 on our consolidated financial statements and have determined under ASU 2015-02 that the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity ( VIE ). We are the primary beneficiary of the VIE and our partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. As such, this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  
   7 

The following table provides a brief description of recent accounting pronouncements that could have a material effect on our financial statements:                           Standard 
      
    Description 
      
    Date of Adoption 
      
    Effect on the Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters 
      ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
      
    This update outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. ASU 2014-09 states that  an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  While ASU 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment. In 2015, the FASB provided for a one-year deferral of the effective date for ASU 2014-09, making it effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017. 
      
    January 1, 2018 
      
    We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 
      ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) 
      
    This update amends existing guidance by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. It is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, but early adoption is permitted. 
      
    January 1, 2019 
      
    We are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 

3  .   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS    
  ASC 820,   Fair Value Measurement   ( ASC 820 ) defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. ASC 820 emphasizes that fair value is intended to be a market-based measurement, as opposed to a transaction-specific measurement. Fair value is defined by ASC 820 as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Depending on the nature of the asset or liability, various techniques and assumptions can be used to estimate the fair value. Assets and liabilities are measured using inputs from three levels of the fair value hierarchy, as follows: 
  Level 1 Inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access at the measurement date. An active market is defined as a market in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 
  Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active (markets with few transactions), inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (i.e., interest rates, yield curves, etc.), and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data correlation or other means (market corroborated inputs). 
  Level 3 Unobservable inputs, only used to the extent that observable inputs are not available, reflect our assumptions about the pricing of an asset or liability. 
  Considerable judgment is necessary to develop estimated fair values of financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we did or could actually realize upon disposition of the financial assets and liabilities previously sold or currently held. 
  The following describes the methods we use to estimate the fair value of our financial and non-financial assets and liabilities:    
  Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, Accounts Receivable, and Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities   We consider the carrying values of these financial instruments to approximate fair value because of the short period of time between origination of the instruments and their expected realization. 
  Real Estate Investments   The purchase prices of the investment properties, including related lease intangible assets and liabilities, were allocated at estimated fair value based on Level 3 inputs, such as discount rates, capitalization rates, comparable sales, replacement costs, income and expense growth rates, and current market rents and allowances as determined by management.  
  
   8 

Real estate assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the individual property may not be recoverable, or at least annually. In such an event, a comparison will be made of the projected operating cash flows of each property on an undiscounted basis to the carrying amount of such property. Such carrying amount would be adjusted, if necessary, to estimated fair values to reflect impairment in the value of the asset. 
  Mortgages and Loans Payable   We estimate the fair value of our debt by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument at rates currently offered for similar debt instruments of comparable maturities by our lenders using Level 3 inputs. The discount rate used approximates current lending rates for loans or groups of loans with similar maturities and credit quality, assuming the debt is outstanding through maturity and considering the debt s collateral (if applicable). We have utilized market information, as available, or present value techniques to estimate the amounts required to be disclosed. 
  The following is a summary of discount rates and borrowings as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (dollars in thousands):   

   Derivative Instruments   In July 2016, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with a notional amount of   $243 million   that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. These interest rate swaps effectively fix the LIBOR rate on the first tranche of   $121.5 million   and second tranche of $121.5 million of our unsecured term loan facility (the  Term Loans ) to a fixed rate of interest of   2.24%   through July 2019 and   2.3075%   through June 2020, respectively. These swaps qualify and have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we were also party to   two   interest rate swap agreements with a total notional amount of $  15.8 million   and   $16.1 million  , respectively. They were assumed as part of   two   property acquisitions, and are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The interest rate swap agreements, in effect, fix the variable interest of   two   of our secured variable-rate mortgage notes at an annual interest rate of   6.0%   through July 2018. These swaps have not been designated as cash flow hedges. 
  The fair values of the interest rate swap agreements as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , were based on the estimated amounts we would receive or pay to terminate the contracts at the reporting date and were determined using interest rate pricing models and interest rate related observable inputs. Although we determined that the significant inputs used to value our derivatives fell within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with our counterparties and our own credit risk utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. However, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we have assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions and have determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of our derivatives. As a result, we have determined that our derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  
  We record derivative assets in Other Assets, Net and derivative liabilities in Accounts Payable and Other Liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. The fair value measurements of our financial liability and asset as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , are as follows (in thousands): 

9 

4  .   INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED JOINT VENTURE    
  On March 22, 2016, we entered into a joint venture (the  Joint Venture ) through our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, PE OP II Value Added Grocery, LLC ( REIT Member ) with a limited partnership ( Investor Member ) affiliated with TPG Real Estate, the real estate platform of the global private investment firm TPG, and with PECO Value Added Grocery Manager, LLC ( PECO Member ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Phillips Edison sponsor, and an affiliate of our advisor and property manager, Phillips Edison   Company Ltd. ( Property Manager ). REIT Member owns a   20%   initial equity interest and Investor Member owns an   80%   initial equity interest in the Joint Venture. REIT Member and Investor Member may contribute up to   $50 million   and   $200 million   of equity, respectively, to the Joint Venture.  
  PECO Member will manage and conduct the day-to-day operations and affairs of the Joint Venture. REIT Member has customary approval rights in respect to major decisions, but does not have the right to cause or prohibit various material transactions. The Joint Venture s income, losses, and distributions will generally be allocated based on the members  respective ownership interests. Therefore, we account for the joint venture under the equity method. Distributions of net cash are anticipated to be made on a monthly basis, as appropriate. Additional capital contributions in proportion to the members  respective capital interests in the Joint Venture may be required. 
  In addition, REIT Member entered into a Contribution Agreement with Investor Member and the Joint Venture (the  Contribution Agreement ), pursuant to which REIT Member contributed to the Joint Venture its ownership interests in   six   grocery-anchored shopping center properties. The contributed properties were valued at approximately   $94.3 million  . The Joint Venture distributed cash of   $87.4 million   to REIT Member, which was net of REIT Member s initial investment of   $6.9 million  . Due to our   20%   interest in the Joint Venture, the contribution of the six properties is considered a partial sale. As a result, we deferred   20%   of the gain from the contribution and recognized an immediate net gain of   $3.3 million   from this transaction. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have contributed   $9.3 million   of the $50 million commitment. 
  Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , the Joint Venture acquired   two   additional shopping centers, bringing their property total to   nine  . We also contributed additional   $1.4 million   to the Joint Venture for their upcoming subsequent acquisitions.  

5  .   REAL ESTATE ACQUISITIONS       
  During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we acquired   19   grocery-anchored shopping centers and additional real estate adjacent to a previously acquired grocery-anchored shopping center for an aggregate purchase price of approximately   $406.7 million  , including   six   acquisitions with   $54.5 million   of assumed debt with a fair value of   $58.0 million  . During the nine months ended   September 30, 2015  , we acquired   19   grocery-anchored shopping centers and additional real estate adjacent to a previously acquired grocery-anchored shopping center for an aggregate purchase price of   $390.2 million  , including   $41.0 million   of assumed debt with a fair value of   $42.1 million  . The following tables present certain additional information regarding our acquisitions of properties during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  .   
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we allocated the purchase price of acquisitions to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as follows (in thousands):   

  The weighted-average amortization periods for in-place, above-market, and below-market lease intangibles acquired during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are as follows (in years):   

10 

The amounts recognized for revenues, acquisition expenses, and net loss from each respective acquisition date to   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , related to the operating activities of our acquisitions are as follows (in thousands):   

  The following unaudited pro forma information summarizes selected financial information from our combined results of operations as if all of our acquisitions for   2016   and   2015   had been acquired on January 1,   2015  . Acquisition expenses related to each respective acquisition are not expected to have a continuing impact and, therefore, have been excluded from these pro forma results. This pro forma information is presented for informational purposes only and may not be indicative of what actual results of operations would have been had the transactions occurred at the beginning of the period, nor does it purport to represent the results of future operations.   

6  .   MORTGAGES AND LOANS PAYABLE    
  Our credit agreement provides access to an unsecured revolving credit facility and an unsecured term loan facility (the  Term Loans ). As of   September 30, 2016  , the capacity on our revolving credit facility was   $350 million  , with a current interest rate of LIBOR plus   1.3%  . The revolving credit facility matures in January 2018 with additional options to extend the maturity to January 2019. The Term Loans include   two   tranches with an interest rate of LIBOR plus   1.3%  . The first tranche of the Term Loans has a maximum principal amount of   $185 million   and matures in July 2019, with options to extend the maturity to June 2021. The second tranche of the Term Loans has a maximum principal amount of   $185 million   and matures in June 2020, with an option to extend the maturity to June 2021. The Operating Partnership borrowed   $121.5 million   under each tranche on the closing date of the first amendment. A maturity date extension for the first or second tranche of term loans requires the payment of an extension fee of   0.15%   of the then-outstanding principal amount of the corresponding tranche. 
  As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015  , the weighted-average interest rate for all of our mortgages and loans payable was   2.8%   and   5.6%  , respectively.  
  The following is a summary of our debt obligations as of   September 30, 2016   and December 31,   2015   (in thousands):   

            (1)   
    As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on   $243 million   outstanding under our Term Loans was, effectively, fixed at various interest rates by two interest rate swap agreements with maturities ranging from July 2019 to June 2020 (see Notes   3   and   8  ). 
                (3)   
    Due to the non-recourse nature of our fixed-rate mortgages, the assets and liabilities of the properties securing such mortgages are neither available to pay the debts of the consolidated property-holding limited liability companies nor do they constitute obligations of such consolidated limited liability companies as of   September 30, 2016  .   One   of our mortgages has a limited exception which represents a potential   $1.0 million   obligation in the event of default. 
       
   11 

7  .   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES    
  Litigation 
  In the ordinary course of business, we may become subject to litigation or claims. There are   no   material legal proceedings pending, or known to be contemplated, against us. 
  Environmental Matters 
  In connection with the ownership and operation of real estate, we may be potentially liable for costs and damages related to environmental matters. We record liabilities as they arise related to environmental obligations. We have not been notified by any governmental authority of any material non-compliance, liability or other claim, nor are we aware of any other environmental condition that we believe will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
  Operating Lease 
  We lease land under a long-term lease at   one   property, which was acquired in 2016. Total rental expense for the lease was   $91,035   and   $151,725   for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively. Minimum rental commitments remaining under the noncancelable terms of the lease as of   September 30, 2016  , are as follows: (i) 2016,   $91,035  ; (ii) 2017,   $364,140  ; (iii) 2018,   $364,140  ; (iv) 2019,   $364,140  ; and (v) 2020,   $364,140  .  

8  .   DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES    
  Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives 
  We are exposed to certain risks arising from both our business operations and economic conditions. We principally manage our exposure to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of our core business activities. We manage economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk, primarily by managing the amount, sources, and duration of our debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, we enter into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts, the value of which are determined by interest rates. Our derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of our known or expected cash receipts and our known or expected cash payments principally related to our investments and borrowings.   
  Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
  Our objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective, we primarily use interest rate swaps as part of our interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for our making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.   
  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income ( AOCI ) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. During the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with certain variable-rate debt. The ineffective portion, if any, of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings.   
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   two   interest rate swaps with a notional amount of   $243 million   that were designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk. Amounts reported in AOCI related to these derivatives will be reclassified to Interest Expense, Net as interest payments are made on the variable-rate debt. During the next 12 months, we estimate that an additional   $0.1 million   will be reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income as an increase to Interest Expense, Net. We had   no   derivatives outstanding during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  . 
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
  Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and are used to manage our exposure to interest rate movements and other identified risks, but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements to be classified as hedging instruments. Changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments, as well as any payments, are recorded directly in Other (Expense) Income, Net,  
  
   12 

and resulted in a loss of   $43,700   for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments, as well as any payments, resulted in a gain of   $0.1 million   for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  . We had   no   derivatives outstanding during the three and   nine months ended     September 30, 2015  . 
  Tabular Disclosure of the Effect of Derivative Instruments on AOCI and the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss)     
  The table below presents the changes in AOCI and the effect of our derivative financial instruments on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016   (in thousands):   

  Credit Risk-Related Contingent Features  
  We have agreements with our derivative counterparties that contain provisions where, if we either default or are capable of being declared in default on any of our indebtedness, we could also be declared to be in default on our derivative obligations. As of   September 30, 2016  , the fair value of our derivatives excluded any adjustment for nonperformance risk related to this agreement. As of   September 30, 2016  , we have not posted any collateral related to these agreements.  

9  .   EQUITY    
  On April 14, 2016, our board of directors established an estimated value per share of our common stock of   $22.50   based substantially on the estimated market value of our portfolio of real estate properties as of March 31, 2016. We engaged a third party valuation firm to provide a calculation of the range in estimated value per share of our common stock as of March 31, 2016, which reflected certain balance sheet assets and liabilities as of that date.  
  Distribution Reinvestment Plan   We have adopted the DRIP which allows stockholders to invest distributions in additional shares of our common stock. We continue to offer up to approximately   55.6 million   shares of our common stock under the DRIP. Initially, the purchase price per share under the DRIP was   $23.75  . In accordance with the DRIP, because we established an estimated value per share on April 14, 2016, subsequent to that date, participants acquired and continue to acquire shares of common stock through the DRIP at a price of   $22.50   per share. 
  Share Repurchase Program ( SRP )   Our SRP provides a limited opportunity for stockholders to have shares of common stock repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Initially, shares were repurchased at a price equal to or at a discount from the stockholder s original purchase prices paid for the shares being repurchased. Effective April 14, 2016, the repurchase price per share for all stockholders is equal to the estimated value per share of   $22.50  . 
  Effective May 15, 2016, under our amended SRP, the maximum amount of common stock that we may repurchase at the stockholder s election during any calendar year is limited, among other things, to   5%   of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. The maximum amount is reduced each reporting period by the current year share repurchases to date. In addition, the cash available for repurchases on any particular date is generally limited to the proceeds from the DRIP during the preceding four fiscal quarters, less amounts already used for repurchases since the beginning of that period.  
  Class B Units   The Operating Partnership issues limited partnership units that are designated as Class B units for asset management services provided by PE-NTR II. The vesting of the Class B units is contingent upon a market condition and service condition. We had outstanding unvested Class B units of   391,349   and   231,809   as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

13 

10  .   EARNINGS PER SHARE    
  Earnings per share ( EPS ) is calculated based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during each period. Diluted EPS considers the effect of any potentially dilutive share equivalents for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . In the third quarter of 2016, approximately   4,400   shares of restricted stock were granted under our 2013 Independent Director Stock Plan and are potentially dilutive. The securities were included in our diluted EPS calculation but did not have a material impact on EPS for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . Class B units are potentially dilutive securities as they contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents.  
  There were   391,349   and   142,714   Class B units of the Operating Partnership outstanding as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , respectively. The vesting of the Class B units is contingent upon a market condition and service condition. Since the satisfaction of both conditions was not probable as of   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the Class B units remained unvested and thus were not included in the diluted net income per share computations. 

11  .   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS    
  Economic Dependency   We are dependent on PE-NTR II, the Property Manager, and their respective affiliates for certain services that are essential to us, including asset acquisition and disposition decisions, asset management, operating and leasing of our properties, and other general and administrative responsibilities. In the event that PE-NTR II, the Property Manager, and/or their respective affiliates are unable to provide such services, we would be required to find alternative service providers, which could result in higher costs and expenses. 
  Advisory Agreement   Pursuant to the PE-NTR II Agreement, PE-NTR II is entitled to specified fees for certain services, including managing our day-to-day activities and implementing our investment strategy. PE-NTR II manages our day-to-day affairs and our portfolio of real estate investments subject to the board s supervision. Expenses are reimbursed to PE-NTR II based on amounts incurred on our behalf. 
  Prior to December 3, 2015, our advisor was American Realty Capital PECO II Advisors, LLC ( ARC ). On November 2, 2015, the conflicts committee of our board of directors made the decision to terminate the former advisory agreement with ARC, effective as of December 3, 2015. Pursuant to the former advisory agreement, ARC was entitled to specified fees for certain services, including managing our day-to-day activities and implementing our investment strategy. ARC had entered into a sub-advisory agreement with PE-NTR II, who managed our day-to-day affairs and our portfolio of real estate investments on behalf of ARC, subject to the board s supervision and with the condition that certain major decisions required the consent of both ARC and PE-NTR II. The expenses reimbursed to ARC and PE-NTR II were reimbursed in proportion to the amount of expenses incurred on our behalf by ARC and PE-NTR II, respectively. 
  Organization and Offering Costs   Under the terms of the former advisory agreement, we were to reimburse, on a monthly basis, ARC, PE-NTR II, or their respective affiliates for cumulative organization and offering costs and future organization and offering costs they incurred on our behalf, but only to the extent that the reimbursement would not exceed   2%   of gross proceeds raised in all primary offerings measured at the completion of such primary offering.  
  Summarized below are the cumulative organization and offering costs charged by and the cumulative costs reimbursed to ARC, PE-NTR II and their affiliates as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and any related amounts reimbursable to us as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):   

  Acquisition Fee   We paid ARC under the former advisory agreement, and we pay PE-NTR II under the PE-NTR II Agreement, an acquisition fee related to services provided in connection with the selection and purchase or origination of real estate and real estate-related investments. The acquisition fee is equal to   1%   of the contract purchase price of each property we acquire, including acquisition or origination expenses and any debt attributable to such investments.  
  Acquisition Expenses   We reimburse PE-NTR II for direct expenses incurred related to selecting, evaluating, and acquiring assets on our behalf. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , we reimbursed PE-NTR II for personnel costs related to due diligence services for assets we acquired during the period. 
  Asset Management Subordinated Participation   Within   60   days after the end of each calendar quarter (subject to the approval of our board of directors), we will pay an asset management subordinated participation partially by issuing a number of restricted operating partnership units designated as Class B Units to PE-NTR II and ARC equal to: (i) 0.25% multiplied by (a)  
  
   14 

prior to the date on which we calculated an estimated net asset value ( NAV ) per share, the cost of assets and (b) on and after the date on which we calculated an estimated NAV per share, the lower of the cost of assets and the applicable quarterly NAV divided by (ii) (a) prior to the date on which we calculated an estimated NAV per share, the value of one share of common stock as of the last day of such calendar quarter, which was equal to $22.50 (the primary offering price minus selling commissions and dealer manager fees) and (b) on and after the date on which we calculated an estimated NAV per share, the per share NAV. Our board of directors established an estimated NAV per share of   $22.50   on April 14, 2016. 
  PE-NTR II and ARC are entitled to receive distributions on the Class B units at the same rate as distributions are paid to common stockholders. Such distributions are in addition to the incentive compensation that PE-NTR II, ARC, and their affiliates may receive from us. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , the Operating Partnership issued   159,540   Class B units to PE-NTR II and ARC under the advisory agreement for the asset management services performed during the period from October 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016. These Class B units will not vest until an economic hurdle has been met. PE-NTR II or one of its affiliates must continue to provide advisory services through the date that such economic hurdle is met. The economic hurdle will be met when the value of the Operating Partnership s assets plus all distributions made equal or exceed the total amount of capital contributed by investors plus a 6.0% cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return thereon.  
  Under the PE-NTR II Agreement, beginning in January 2016, the asset management fee remained at   1%   of the cost of our assets, but is paid   80%   in cash and   20%   in Class B units of the Operating Partnership instead of entirely in Class B units. The cash portion of the asset management fee is paid on a monthly basis in arrears at the rate of   0.06667%   multiplied by the cost of our assets as of the last day of the preceding monthly period. Under the first amendment to the Operating Partnership s amended and restated agreement of limited partnership, the Class B units portion of the asset management fee was based on the rate of 0.05% multiplied by the cost of our assets. On April 14, 2016, we established an estimated NAV and the calculation of the Class B units portion of the asset management fee was changed to be based on the rate of 0.05% multiplied by the lower of the cost of our assets and our estimated NAV. The Class B units continue to be issued quarterly in arrears and remain subject to existing forfeiture provisions.  
  Financing Coordination Fee   We paid PE-NTR II and ARC under the former advisory agreement a financing fee equal to   0.75%   of all amounts made available under any loan or line of credit in connection with the origination or refinancing of any debt that we obtain and use to finance properties or other permitted investments. As of January 1, 2016, we no longer pay this fee.  
  Disposition Fee   We pay PE-NTR II under the PE-NTR II Agreement, and we paid ARC under the former advisory agreement, for substantial assistance in connection with the sale of properties or other investments up to the lesser of: (i)   2%   of the contract sales price of each property or other investment sold; or (ii) one-half of the total brokerage commissions paid if a non-affiliated broker is also involved in the sale, provided that total real estate commissions paid (to PE-NTR II and others) in connection with the sale may not exceed the lesser of a competitive real estate commission or   6%   of the contract sales price. The conflicts committee of our board of directors will determine whether PE-NTR II has provided substantial assistance to us in connection with the sale of an asset. Substantial assistance in connection with the sale of a property includes preparation of an investment package for the property (including an investment analysis, rent rolls, tenant information regarding credit, a property title report, an environmental report, a structural report and exhibits) or such other substantial services performed by PE-NTR II in connection with a sale.  
  General and Administrative Expenses   As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , we owed PE-NTR II and their affiliates   $35,000   and   $18,000  , respectively, for general and administrative expenses paid on our behalf.  
  
   15 

Summarized below are the fees earned by and the expenses reimbursable to ARC and PE-NTR II, except for organization and offering costs and unpaid general and administrative expenses, which we disclose above, for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , and any related amounts unpaid as of    September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):   

            (1)   
    The acquisition fees and expenses are presented as Acquisition Expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 
               (2)   
    Asset management fees are presented in General and Administrative on the consolidated statements of operations. 
               (3)   
    Represents the distributions paid to PE-NTR II and ARC as holders of Class B units of the Operating Partnership and is presented in General and Administrative on the consolidated statements of operations. 
               (4)   
    Financing fees are presented as Other Assets, Net or Mortgages and Loan Payable, Net, on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the term of the related loan. As of January 1, 2016, we are no longer required to pay financing fees. 
     Property Manager   All of our real properties are managed and leased by the Property Manager. The Property Manager is wholly owned by our Phillips Edison sponsor. The Property Manager also manages real properties owned by Phillips Edison affiliates or other third parties. 
  Property Management Fee   We pay to the Property Manager a monthly property management fee of   4%   of the monthly gross cash receipts from the properties it manages. 
  Leasing Commissions   In addition to the property management fee, if the Property Manager provides leasing services with respect to a property, we pay the Property Manager leasing fees in an amount equal to the leasing fees charged by unaffiliated persons rendering comparable services based on national market rates. The Property Manager shall be paid a leasing fee in connection with a tenant s exercise of an option to extend an existing lease, and the leasing fees payable to the Property Manager may be increased by up to   50%   in the event that the Property Manager engages a co-broker to lease a particular vacancy. 
  Construction Management Fee   If we engage the Property Manager to provide construction management services with respect to a particular property, we pay a construction management fee in an amount that is usual and customary for comparable services rendered to similar projects in the geographic market of the property. 
  Expenses and Reimbursements   The Property Manager hires, directs, and establishes policies for employees who have direct responsibility for the operations of each real property it manages, which may include, but is not limited to, on-site managers and building and maintenance personnel. Certain employees of the Property Manager may be employed on a part-time basis and may also be employed by PE-NTR II or certain of its affiliates. The Property Manager also directs the purchase of equipment and supplies and supervises all maintenance activity. We reimburse the costs and expenses incurred by the Property Manager on our behalf, including employee compensation, legal, travel and other out-of-pocket expenses that are directly related to the management of specific properties and corporate matters, as well as fees and expenses of third-party accountants. 
  
   16 

Summarized below are the fees earned by and the expenses reimbursable to the Property Manager for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015, and any related amounts unpaid as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):   

            (1)   
    The property management fees are included in Property Operating on the consolidated statements of operations. 
               (2)   
    Leasing commissions paid for leases with terms less than one year are expensed immediately and included in Depreciation and Amortization on the consolidated statements of operations. Leasing commissions paid for leases with terms greater than one year, and construction management fees, are capitalized and amortized over the life of the related leases or assets. 
               (3)   
    Other fees and reimbursements are included in Property Operating and General and Administrative on the consolidated statements of operations based on the nature of the expense. 
     Dealer Manager   The dealer manager for our initial public offering was Realty Capital Securities, LLC (the  Dealer Manager ). The Dealer Manager provided certain sales, promotional and marketing services in connection with the distribution of the shares of common stock offered under our offering. Excluding shares sold pursuant to the  friends and family  program, the Dealer Manager was generally paid a sales commission equal to   7%   of the gross proceeds from the sale of shares of the common stock sold in the primary offering and a dealer manager fee equal to   3%   of the gross proceeds from the sale of shares of the common stock sold in the primary offering. 
  The Dealer Manager typically reallowed   100%   of the selling commissions and a portion of the dealer manager fee to participating broker-dealers. Alternatively, a participating broker-dealer could elect to receive a commission based upon the proceeds from the sale of shares by such participating broker-dealer, with a portion of such fee being paid at the time of such sale and the remaining amounts paid on each anniversary of the closing of such sale up to and including the fifth anniversary of the closing of such sale, in which event, a portion of the dealer manager fee could be reallowed such that the combined selling commission and dealer manager fee did not exceed   10%   of the gross proceeds of our primary offering. The dealer manager agreement terminated upon termination of the initial public offering. 
  Prior to February 2016, we utilized transfer agent services provided by an affiliate of the Dealer Manager. Fees incurred from this transfer agent represented amounts paid by PE-NTR II to the affiliate of the Dealer Manager for such services. We reimbursed PE-NTR II for these fees through the payment of organization and offering costs. The transfer agent ceased services and the agreement was terminated in connection with the bankruptcy of the transfer agent and its parent company.  
  The following table details total selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and service fees paid to the Dealer Manager and its affiliate related to the sale of common stock for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   and any related amounts unpaid, which are included as a component of total unpaid organization and offering costs, as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   (in thousands):   

  Share Purchases by PE-NTR II and AR Capital Sponsor   PE-NTR II made an initial investment in us through the purchase of   8,888   shares of our common stock and may not sell any of these shares while serving as our advisor. AR Capital LLC, which is under common control with ARC, also purchased   17,778   shares of our common stock. PE-NTR II and AR Capital LLC purchased shares at a purchase price of   $22.50   per share, reflecting no dealer manager fee or selling commissions paid on such shares. 

17 

12  .   OPERATING LEASES    
  The terms and expirations of our operating leases with our tenants vary. The lease agreements frequently contain options to extend the terms of leases and other terms and conditions as negotiated. We retain substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership of the real estate assets leased to tenants. 
  Approximate future rentals to be received under non-cancelable operating leases in effect at   September 30, 2016  , assuming no new or renegotiated leases or option extensions on lease agreements, are as follows (in thousands):   

  No   single tenant comprised   10%   or more of our aggregate annualized base rent as of   September 30, 2016  .  

13  .   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS    
  Distributions to Stockholders 
  Distributions equal to a daily amount of   $0.0044398907   per share of common stock outstanding were paid subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , to the stockholders of record from September 1, 2016 through October 31, 2016 as follows (in thousands):   

  On   November 1, 2016   our board of directors authorized distributions to the stockholders of record at the close of business each day in the period commencing December 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016 equal to a daily amount of   $0.0044398907   per share of common stock. The board of directors also authorized distributions to stockholders for January 1, 2017 through February 28, 2017 equal to a daily amount of   $0.00445205   per share of common stock. 

18 

Item 2.          Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
  Certain statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. ( we,  the  Company,   our,  or  us ) other than historical facts may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the  Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ). We intend for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the applicable safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in those acts. Such statements include, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies, and prospects and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including known and unknown risks, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. Therefore, such statements are not intended to be a guarantee of our performance in future periods. Such forward-looking statements can generally be identified by our use of forward-looking terminology such as  may,   will,   expect,   intend,   anticipate,   estimate,   believe,   continue,  or other similar words. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date this report is filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). We make no representations or warranties (express or implied) about the accuracy of any such forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and we do not intend to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. 
  Any such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors and are based on a number of assumptions involving judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive, and market conditions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately. To the extent that our assumptions differ from actual conditions, our ability to accurately anticipate results expressed in such forward-looking statements, including our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations, make distributions to stockholders, and maintain the value of our real estate properties, may be significantly hindered. See Item 1A in Part II of this Form 10-Q and Item 1A in Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on March 3, 2016, for a discussion of some of the risks and uncertainties, although not all of the risks and uncertainties, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those presented in our forward-looking statements. 

Overview 
  Organization 
  Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. is a public non-traded real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in retail real estate properties. Our primary focus is on necessity-anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers that meet the day-to-day needs of residents in the surrounding trade areas. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we wholly-owned fee simple interests in   70   real estate properties acquired from third parties unaffiliated with us or PE-NTR II. In addition, we own a   20%   equity interest in a joint venture that owns   seven   real estate properties. 
  
   19 

Portfolio 
  Below are statistical highlights of our portfolio s activities from inception to date and for the properties acquired during the   nine months ended     September 30, 2016  , excluding any properties owned by our unconsolidated joint venture:   

            (1)   
    As of   September 30, 2016  . The average remaining lease term in years excludes future options to extend the term of the lease. 
     Lease Expirations 
  The following table lists, on an aggregate basis, all of the scheduled lease expirations after   September 30, 2016   over each of the ten years ending   December 31, 2016   and thereafter for our   70   shopping centers. The table shows the approximate rentable square feet and   annualized base rent ( ABR )   represented by the applicable lease expirations (dollars and square feet in thousands):   

    Portfolio Tenancy    
  Prior to the acquisition of a property, we assess the suitability of the grocery-anchor tenant and other tenants in light of our investment objectives, namely, preserving capital and providing stable cash flows for distributions. Generally, we assess the strength of the tenant by consideration of company factors, such as its financial strength and market share in the geographic area of the shopping center, as well as location-specific factors, such as the store s sales, local competition, and demographics. When assessing the tenancy of the non-anchor space at the shopping center, we consider the tenant mix at each shopping center in light of our portfolio, the proportion of national and national franchise tenants, the creditworthiness of specific tenants, and the timing of lease expirations. When evaluating non-national tenancy, we attempt to obtain credit enhancements to leases, which typically come in the form of deposits and/or guarantees from one or more individuals. 
  
   20 

The following table presents the composition of our portfolio by tenant type as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars and square feet in thousands):   

            (1)   
    We define national tenants as those that operate in at least three states. Regional tenants are defined as those that have at least three locations. 
     The following table presents the composition of our portfolio by tenant industry as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars and square feet in thousands):   

  The following table presents our grocery-anchor tenants by the amount of square footage leased by each tenant as of   September 30, 2016   (dollars and square feet in thousands):   

            (1)   
    Number of locations (a) excludes auxiliary leases with grocery anchors such as fuel stations, pharmacies, and liquor stores, and (b) includes one location where two grocers operate. 

21 

Results of Operations 
   
  The Same-Center column in the tables below includes the   20   properties that were owned and operational prior to January 1, 2015. The Non-Same-Center column includes properties that were acquired after December 31, 2014, in addition to corporate-level income and expenses. In this section, we primarily explain fluctuations in activity shown in the Same-Center column as well as any notable fluctuations in the Non-Same-Center column related to corporate-level activity. We owned   70   properties as of   September 30, 2016  , and   31   properties as of   September 30, 2015  . This excludes properties owned by our unconsolidated joint venture (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). Unless otherwise discussed below, year-over-year comparative differences for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , are almost entirely attributable to the number of properties owned and the length of ownership of these properties. 
  Summary of Operating Activities for the   Three Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   

  Total revenues    Of the   $17.6 million   increase in total revenues,   $17.1 million   was related to the acquisition of   56   properties in 2015 and 2016. The remaining variance was the result of an increase in revenue among same-center properties, primarily due to a   $0.5 million   increase in rental income, which was driven by a   $0.28   increase in same-center minimum rent per square foot and a   1.8%   increase in same-center occupancy since   September 30, 2015  . 
  General and administrative expenses   The   $3.8 million   increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to the   $2.6 million   of cash asset management fees as a result of the change to our advisory fee structure as of January 1, 2016. Previously, the asset management fee had been deferred via the issuance of Class B units, which did not result in the recognition of expense under GAAP. The asset management fee percentage did not increase; however, 80% is now paid through cash and therefore recognized as expense under GAAP, with 20% remaining as Class B units. We also had increases of   $0.3 million   in transfer agent expense,   $0.2 million   in audit, accounting, and consulting fees, and   $0.2 million   in investor relations and travel expenses. 
  Interest expense, net    Of the   $2.2 million   increase in interest expense, net,   $1.7 million   is related to higher borrowings on the revolving credit facility and the new term loans that we entered into in June 2016. The remaining $0.5 million increase is related to mortgage loans assumed in connection with certain acquisitions in 2015 and 2016. 
  
   22 

Summary of Operating Activities for the   Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016   and   2015   

  Total revenues   Of the   $56.2 million   increase in total revenues,   $54.0 million   was related to the acquisition of   56   properties in 2015 and 2016. The remaining variance was the result of an increase in revenue among same-center properties, primarily due to a   $1.3 million   increase in rental income, which was driven by a   $0.28   increase in same-center minimum rent per square foot and a   1.8%   increase in same-center occupancy since   September 30, 2015  . 
  Real estate tax expenses   Of the   $8.8 million   increase in real estate tax expenses,   $8.2 million   was related to the acquisition of   56   properties in 2015 and 2016. The remaining   $0.6 million   was primarily the result of changes in assessed property values and increased property tax rates at certain properties following acquisition. 
  General and administrative expenses   The   $11.5 million   increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to   $7.3 million   of cash asset management fees as a result of the change to our advisory fee structure as of January 1, 2016 as discussed above. We also had increases of   $1.1 million   in transfer agent expense,   $0.7 million   in investor relations and travel expense, and   $2.4 million   in professional fees that were primarily due to third-party valuation work for determination of our per share estimated value, higher costs for investor relations custodial fees, costs associated with the annual stockholders meeting held in June 2016, and certain corporate-level costs associated with managing a larger portfolio. 
  Interest expense, net    Of the   $4.3 million   increase in interest expense, net,   $2.7 million   of the increase is related to higher borrowings on the revolving credit facility and the new term loans that we entered into in June 2016. The remaining $1.6 million increase is related to mortgage loans assumed in connection with certain acquisitions in 2015 and 2016. 
  Gain on contribution of properties to unconsolidated joint venture   The   $3.3 million   increase is solely due to the gain on the contributions of six properties to the Joint Venture in March 2016. 

23 

Leasing Activity 
  Below is a summary of leasing activity for the   three   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

            (1)   
    We consider an inline deal to be a lease for less than 10,000 square feet of general leasable area.  
               (2)   
    The cost of executing new leases, renewals, and options includes leasing commissions, tenant improvement costs, and tenant concessions.  
               (3)   
    The portfolio retention rate is calculated by dividing (a) total square feet of retained tenants with current period lease expirations by (b) the square feet of leases expiring during the period. 
     Below is a summary of leasing activity for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  :   

            (1)   
    We consider an inline deal to be a lease for less than 10,000 square feet of general leasable area.  
               (2)   
    The cost of executing new leases, renewals, and options includes leasing commissions, tenant improvement costs, and tenant concessions.  
               (3)   
    The portfolio retention rate is calculated by dividing (a) total square feet of retained tenants with current period lease expirations by (b) the square feet of leases expiring during the period. 

24 

The average rent per square foot and cost of executing leases fluctuates based on the tenant mix, size of the space, and lease term. Leases with national and regional tenants generally require a higher cost per square foot than those with local tenants. However, such tenants will also pay a higher rent per square foot for a longer term. As we continue to attract more of these national and regional tenants, our costs to lease may increase. 

Non-GAAP Measures 
  Same-Center Net Operating Income 
  We present Same-Center Net Operating Income ( Same-Center NOI ) as a supplemental measure of our performance. We define Net Operating Income ( NOI ) as total operating revenues less property operating expenses, real estate taxes, and non-cash revenue items. Same-Center NOI represents the NOI for the 20 properties that were operational for the entire portion of both comparable reporting periods and that were not acquired during or subsequent to the comparable reporting periods. The   six   properties that were contributed to the unconsolidated joint venture in March are not included in the Same-Center presentation. We believe that NOI and Same-Center NOI provide useful information to our investors about our financial and operating performance because each provides a performance measure of the revenues and expenses directly involved in owning and operating real estate assets and provides a perspective not immediately apparent from net income. Because Same-Center NOI excludes the change in NOI from properties acquired after December 31, 2014, it highlights operating trends such as occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating costs on properties that were operational for both comparable periods. Other REITs may use different methodologies for calculating Same-Center NOI, and accordingly, our Same-Center NOI may not be comparable to other REITs. 
  Same-Center NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it does not reflect the operations of our entire portfolio, nor does it reflect the impact of general and administrative expenses, acquisition expenses, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, other income, or the level of capital expenditures and leasing costs necessary to maintain the operating performance of our properties that could materially impact our results from operations. 
  The table below is a comparison of the Same-Center NOI for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , to the same periods ended   September 30, 2015   (in thousands):   

            (1)   
    Excludes straight-line rental income and net amortization of above- and below-market leases  . 
     Same-Center NOI increased   $1.8 million  , or   11.1%  , for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , as compared to the same period in   2015  . This positive growth was primarily due to a   $0.28   increase in minimum rent per square foot, an improvement in occupancy of   1.8%  , and an improvement in the tenant recovery income resulting from the combination of increases in real estate tax expense and our recovery rate. 
  
   25 

Below is a reconciliation of net loss to Same-Center NOI for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   (in thousands):   

Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations  
  Funds from operations ( FFO ) is a non-GAAP performance financial measure that is widely recognized as a measure of REIT operating performance. We use FFO as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts ( NAREIT ) to be net income (loss), computed in accordance with GAAP and gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate property (including deemed sales and settlements of pre-existing relationships), plus depreciation and amortization on real estate assets and impairment charges, and after related adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and noncontrolling interests. We believe that FFO is helpful to our investors and our management as a measure of operating performance because it, when compared year to year, reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, development activities, general and administrative expenses, and interest costs, which are not immediately apparent from net income.  
  Since the definition of FFO was promulgated by NAREIT, GAAP has expanded to include several new accounting pronouncements, such that management and many investors and analysts have considered the presentation of FFO alone to be insufficient. Accordingly, in addition to FFO, we use modified funds from operations ( MFFO ), which excludes from FFO the following items: 
             
    acquisition fees and expenses; 
                
    straight-line rent amounts, both income and expense; 
                
    amortization of above- or below-market intangible lease assets and liabilities; 
                
    amortization of discounts and premiums on debt investments; 
                
    gains or losses from the early extinguishment of debt; 
                
    gains or losses on the extinguishment of derivatives, except where the trading of such instruments is a fundamental attribute of our operations; 
                
    gains or losses related to fair-value adjustments for derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting; 
                
    gains or losses related to consolidation from, or deconsolidation to, equity accounting; 
                
    gains or losses related to contingent purchase price adjustments; and 
                
    adjustments related to the above items for unconsolidated entities in the application of equity accounting. 
     We believe that MFFO is helpful in assisting management and investors with the assessment of the sustainability of operating performance in future periods and, in particular, after our acquisition stage is complete, because MFFO excludes acquisition expenses that affect operations only in the period in which the property is acquired. Thus, MFFO provides helpful information relevant to evaluating our operating performance in periods in which there is no acquisition activity.  
  
   26 

Many of the adjustments in arriving at MFFO are not applicable to us. Nevertheless, as explained below, management s evaluation of our operating performance may also exclude items considered in the calculation of MFFO based on the following economic considerations. 
             
    Adjustments for straight-line rents and amortization of discounts and premiums on debt investments   GAAP requires rental receipts and discounts and premiums on debt investments to be recognized using various systematic methodologies. This may result in income recognition that could be significantly different than underlying contract terms. By adjusting for these items, MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the realized economic impact of lease terms and debt investments and aligns results with management s analysis of operating performance. The adjustment to MFFO for straight-line rents, in particular, is made to reflect rent and lease payments from a GAAP accrual basis to a cash basis. 
                
    Adjustments for amortization of above- or below-market intangible lease assets   Similar to depreciation and amortization of other real estate-related assets that are excluded from FFO, GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of intangibles diminishes ratably over the lease term and should be recognized in revenue. Since real estate values and market lease rates in the aggregate have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, and the intangible value is not adjusted to reflect these changes, management believes that by excluding these charges, MFFO provides useful supplemental information on the performance of the real estate. 
                
    Gains or losses related to fair-value adjustments for derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting   This item relates to a fair value adjustment, which is based on the impact of current market fluctuations and underlying assessments of general market conditions and specific performance of the holding, which may not be directly attributable to current operating performance. As these gains or losses relate to underlying long-term assets and liabilities, management believes MFFO provides useful supplemental information by focusing on the changes in core operating fundamentals rather than changes that may reflect anticipated, but unknown, gains or losses. 
                
    Adjustment for gains or losses related to early extinguishment of derivatives and debt instruments   These adjustments are not related to continuing operations. By excluding these items, management believes that MFFO provides supplemental information related to sustainable operations that will be more comparable between other reporting periods and to other real estate operators. 
     Neither FFO nor MFFO should be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) or income (loss) from continuing operations under GAAP, nor as an indication of our liquidity, nor is either of these measures indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to fund distributions. MFFO may not be a useful measure of the impact of long-term operating performance on value if we do not continue to operate our business plan in the manner currently contemplated. 
  Accordingly, FFO and MFFO should be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements. FFO and MFFO should not be viewed as more prominent measures of performance than our net income or cash flows from operations prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our FFO and MFFO as presented may not be comparable to amounts calculated by other REITs. 
  The following section presents our calculation of FFO and MFFO and provides additional information related to our operations. As a result of the timing of the commencement of our initial public offering and our active real estate operations, FFO and MFFO are not relevant to a discussion comparing operations for the periods presented. We expect revenues and expenses to increase in future periods as we acquire additional investments. 
  
   27 

FFO AND MFFO  
  FOR THE PERIODS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 30, 2016   AND   2015 
  (Unaudited) 
  (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
  General 
  Our principal cash demands are for real estate and real estate-related investments, capital expenditures including redevelopment projects, operating expenses, repurchases of common stock, distributions to stockholders, and principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness. Generally, we expect cash needed for items other than acquisitions and acquisition expenses to be generated from operating cash flows, proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan (the  DRIP ), and proceeds from debt financings, including borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, as our primary sources of immediate and long-term liquidity. As of March 31, 2016, we had invested all of the proceeds from our initial public offering in real estate properties. We continue to acquire additional investments to complete our portfolio. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had cash and cash equivalents of   $10.0 million  . During the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , we had a net cash decrease of   $7.3 million  , primarily as a result of real estate acquisitions, offset by an increase in cash due to borrowings on the term loans. 
  Operating Activities 
  Our net cash provided by operating activities consists primarily of cash inflows from tenant rental and recovery payments and cash outflows for property operating expenses, real estate taxes, general and administrative expenses, acquisition expenses, and interest payments. 
  Our cash flows from operating activities were   $34.7 million   as of   September 30, 2016  , compared to   $14.0 million   from the same period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in the number of properties owned and the length of ownership of those properties. Operating cash flows are expected to continue to increase as additional properties are added to our portfolio. 
  
   28 

Investing Activities 
  Net cash used in investing activities is impacted by the nature, timing, and extent of improvements to and acquisition of real estate and real estate-related assets.  
  During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we had a total cash outlay of   $348.6 million   related to acquisition of   19   grocery-anchored shopping centers and additional real estate adjacent to a previously acquired grocery-anchored shopping center. During the same period in   2015  , we acquired   19   grocery-anchored shopping centers and additional real estate adjacent to a previously acquired grocery-anchored shopping center for a total cash investment of   $346.5 million  , resulting in an increase in our cash paid for acquisitions. We continue to acquire additional investments to complete our portfolio. 
  In March 2016, we entered into a joint venture agreement under which we may contribute up to $50 million of equity. Our initial contribution was $6.9 million as we had contributed six properties with a fair value of approximately $94.3 million and received a distribution of $87.4 million in cash. In the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we contributed an additional   $2.6 million   in cash to the joint venture to acquire additional assets. 
  Financing Activities 
  Our net cash provided by financing activities is impacted by the payment of distributions, borrowings during the period, and principal and other payments associated with our outstanding debt. As our debt obligations mature, we intend to refinance the remaining balance, if possible, or pay off the balances at maturity using proceeds from operations and/or corporate-level debt. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , our debt to total enterprise value was   28.4%  . Debt to total enterprise value is calculated as net debt (total debt, excluding below-market debt adjustments and deferred financing costs, less cash and cash equivalents) as a percentage of enterprise value (equity value, calculated as total common shares outstanding multiplied by the estimated value per share of $22.50, plus net debt). 
  We have access to a revolving credit facility with a capacity of up to $350 million with a current interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.30%. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $200.7 million   was available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility matures in June 2018, with additional options to extend to June 2019. Our credit facility may be expanded up to $700 million, from which we may draw funds to pay certain long-term debt obligations as they mature, acquire properties, or pay operating costs and expenses.  
  We also have access to the term loan facility (the  Term Loans ), which includes two term loan tranches with an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.30%. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $127.0 million   was available to borrow under the Term Loans. The first tranche of term loans matures in July 2019, with options to extend to June 2021. The second tranche of Term Loans matures in June 2020, with an option to extend to June 2021. A maturity date extension for the first or second tranche of Term Loans requires the payment of an extension fee of 0.15% of the then outstanding principal amount of the corresponding tranche. In July 2016 we entered into interest rate swap agreements to fix the interest rate on $243 million of the Term Loans. The swaps convert the LIBOR rate on the first tranche of   $121.5 million   and second tranche of   $121.5 million   to a fixed interest rate of 2.24% through July 2019 and 2.3075% through June 2020, respectively. 
  We offer a share repurchase program ( SRP ) that provides a limited opportunity for stockholders to have shares of common stock repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations. Effective as of May 15, 2016, the cash available for repurchases on any particular date is generally limited to the proceeds from the DRIP during the preceding four fiscal quarters, less amounts already used for repurchases since the beginning of that period. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , we paid cash for repurchases of common stock in the amount of   $18.8 million  .   
  
   29 

Activity related to distributions to our common stockholders for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   is as follows (in thousands):   

   (1)         See  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Non-GAAP Measures - Funds from Operations and Modified Funds from Operations  for the definition of FFO, information regarding why we present FFO, as well as for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to net loss on the consolidated statements of operations. 
      We expect to continue paying distributions monthly unless our results of operations, our general financial condition, general economic conditions or other factors make it imprudent to do so. The timing and amount of distributions will be determined by our board and will be influenced in part by our intention to comply with REIT requirements of the Internal Revenue Code. 
  To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we must make aggregate annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (which is computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction or net capital gain and which does not necessarily equal net income as calculated in accordance with GAAP). If we meet the REIT qualification requirements, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the income that we distribute to our stockholders each year. However, we may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income, property or net worth, respectively, and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 
  We have not established a minimum distribution level, and our charter does not require that we make distributions to our stockholders. 

Contractual Commitments and Contingencies 
  Our contractual obligations as of   September 30, 2016  , were as follows (in thousands):   

            (1)   
    Future variable-rate interest payments are based on interest rates as of   September 30, 2016  . 
     Our portfolio debt instruments and the unsecured revolving credit facility contain certain covenants and restrictions. The following is a list of certain restrictive covenants specific to the unsecured revolving credit facility that were deemed significant: 
             
    limits the ratio of debt to total asset value, as defined, to 60% or 65% for four consecutive periods following a material acquisition, as defined within the applicable debt agreement; 
                
    limits the ratio of secured debt to total asset value, as defined, to 40%, or 45% for four consecutive periods following a material acquisition; 
                
    requires the fixed charge ratio, as defined, to be 1.5 or greater or 1.4 for four consecutive periods following a material acquisition;  
                
    requires maintenance of certain minimum tangible net worth balances; and  
                
    limits the ratio of cash dividend payments to a specified percentage of FFO that varies among the related debt agreements. 
     As of   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with the restrictive covenants of our outstanding debt obligations. We expect to continue to meet the requirements of our debt covenants over the short- and long-term. 
  
   30 

Critical Accounting Policies    
  There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . For a summary of our critical accounting policies, refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   filed with the SEC on March 3, 2016.  
    
  Newly Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements   Refer to Note   2   of our consolidated financial statements in this report for discussion of the impact of newly adopted and recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Item 3.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
  We hedge a portion of our exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the utilization of interest rate swaps in order to mitigate the risk of this exposure. We do not intend to enter into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. Our hedging decisions are determined based upon the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from our currently anticipated hedging strategy. Because we use derivative financial instruments to hedge against interest rate fluctuations, we may be exposed to both credit risk and market risk. Credit risk is the failure of the counterparty to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. If the fair value of a derivative contract is positive, the counterparty will owe us, which creates credit risk for us. If the fair value of a derivative contract is negative, we will owe the counterparty and, therefore, do not have credit risk. We seek to minimize the credit risk in derivative instruments by entering into transactions with high-quality counterparties. Market risk is the adverse effect on the value of a financial instrument that results from a change in interest rates. The market risk associated with interest-rate contracts is managed by establishing and monitoring parameters that limit the types and degree of market risk that may be undertaken.  
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we were party to two interest rate swap agreements that, in effect, fixed the variable interest rate on   $15.8 million   of two of our secured variable-rate mortgage notes at 6.0%. In July 2016, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to fix the interest rate on $243 million of the Term Loans. The swaps convert LIBOR on the first tranche of   $121.5 million   and second tranche of   $121.5 million   to a fixed interest rate of 2.24% through July 2019 and 2.3075% through June 2020, respectively. 
  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had not fixed the interest rate for   $56 million   of our unsecured variable-rate debt through derivative financial instruments, and as a result, we are subject to the potential impact of rising interest rates, which could negatively impact our profitability and cash flows. The impact on our annual results of operations of a one-percentage point increase in interest rates on the outstanding balance of our variable-rate debt at   September 30, 2016  , would result in approximately   $0.6 million   of additional interest expense. We had no other outstanding interest rate contracts as of   September 30, 2016  .  
  These amounts were determined based on the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our borrowing cost and assume no changes in our capital structure. As the information presented above includes only those exposures that exist as of   September 30, 2016  , it does not consider those exposures or positions that could arise after that date. Hence, the information represented herein has limited predictive value. As a result, the ultimate realized gain or loss with respect to interest rate fluctuations will depend on the exposures that arise during the period, the hedging strategies at the time, and the related interest rates. 
  We do not have any foreign operations, and thus we are not exposed to foreign currency fluctuations.  

Item 4.         Controls and Procedures 
  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
  Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of   September 30, 2016  . Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
  Internal Control Changes 
  During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
  
   31 

PART II.     OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.        Legal Proceedings 
  From time to time, we are party to legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings of which the outcome is reasonably likely to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition, nor are we aware of any such legal proceedings contemplated by governmental authorities. 

Item 1A.        Risk Factors 
  The following risk factor supplements the risk factors set forth in our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
  Risks Related to an Investment in Us 
  To date, we have not generated sufficient cash flow from operations to pay distributions, and, therefore, we have paid, and may continue to pay, a portion of our distributions from the net proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock and debt proceeds, which reduces the amount of cash we ultimately have to invest in assets, negatively impacting the value of our stockholders  investment and is dilutive to our stockholders. 
  Our organizational documents permit us to pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations. Specifically, some or all of our distributions have been or may be paid from retained cash flow, from borrowings and from cash flow from investing activities, including the net proceeds from the sale of our assets, or from the net proceeds from the issuance of shares of our common stock. Accordingly, until such time as we are generating cash flow from operations sufficient to cover distributions, we will likely continue to pay distributions from our debt proceeds. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use alternate sources to pay distributions. We began declaring distributions to stockholders of record during February 2014. A portion of the distributions paid to stockholders to date have been paid from the net proceeds of the issuance of shares of our common stock, which reduced the proceeds available for other purposes. 
  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we paid gross distributions to our common stockholders of   $56.4 million  , including distributions reinvested through the DRIP of   $28.9 million  , or   51.2%  , of our distributions paid. For the   nine months ended September 30, 2016  , our net cash provided by operating activities was   $34.7 million  , which represents a shortfall of   $21.6 million  , or   38.3%  , of our distributions paid, while our FFO was   $35.0 million  , which represents a shortfall of   $21.4 million  , or   37.9%  , of the distributions paid. The shortfall was funded by proceeds from our DRIP. To the extent we pay cash distributions, or a portion thereof, from sources other than cash flow from operations, we will have less capital available to invest in properties and other real estate-related assets, the book value per share may decline, and there will be no assurance that we will be able to sustain distributions at that level.  

Item 2.        Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
           a) 
    We did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  . 
              b) 
    Not applicable. 
     c)  Our SRP may provide a limited opportunity for stockholders to have shares of common stock repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations. During the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased shares as follows (shares in thousands):   

            (1)   
    All purchases of our equity securities by us in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   were made pursuant to the SRP.   
               (2)   
    Initially, the price paid under the SRP was equal to or at a discount from the stockholders  original purchase prices paid for the shares being repurchased. On April 14, 2016, our board of directors established an estimated value per share of our common stock of $22.50. Effective as of that date, the repurchase price per share for all stockholders is equal to the estimated value per share of $22.50. 
     (3)  We announced the commencement of the SRP on November 25, 2013, and it was subsequently amended effective May 15, 2016. 
  
   32 

(4)   
    We currently limit the dollar value and number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the SRP as described below. During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we repurchased   $8.3 million   of common stock, which represented all repurchase requests received timely, in good order and eligible for repurchase during that period. 
     There are several limitations on our ability to repurchase shares under the program: 
             
    Unless the shares are being repurchased in connection with a stockholder s death,  qualifying disability,  or  determination of incompetence,  we may not repurchase shares unless the stockholder has held the shares for one year. 
                
    During any calendar year, we may repurchase no more than 5.0% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. 
                
    We have no obligation to repurchase shares if the repurchase would violate the restrictions on distributions under Maryland law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a corporation to fail to meet statutory tests of solvency. 
                
    The cash available for repurchases on any particular date will generally be limited to the proceeds from the DRIP during the preceding four fiscal quarters, less any cash already used for repurchases since the beginning of the same period; however, subject to the limitations described above, we may use other sources of cash at the discretion of the board of directors. The limitations described above do not apply to shares repurchased due to a stockholder s death,  qualifying disability,  or  determination of incompetence.  
                
    Only those stockholders who purchased their shares from us or received their shares from us (directly or indirectly) through one or more non-cash transactions may be able to participate in the share repurchase program. In other words, once our shares are transferred for value by a stockholder, the transferee and all subsequent holders of the shares are not eligible to participate in the share repurchase program. 
                
    The board of directors reserves the right, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, to reject any request for repurchase. 
     Our board of directors may amend, suspend or terminate the program upon 30 days  notice. We may provide notice by including such information (a) in a current report on Form 8-K or in our annual or quarterly reports, all publicly filed with the SEC, or (b) in a separate mailing to the stockholders.  

Item 3.        Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
  None. 

Item 4.        Mine Safety Disclosures 
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.        Other Information 
  Renewal of Advisory Agreement 
  On November 1, 2016, the conflicts committee of our board of directors approved the renewal of our advisory agreement with Phillips Edison NTR II LLC for an additional one year period through December 3, 2017. There were no other changes to the terms of the advisory agreement in connection with its renewal. 
  
   33 

Item 6.          Exhibits 
                 Ex. 
    Description 

10.1 
    Confirmation letter #1 regarding the terms and conditions of the interest rate swap transactions between Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership II,L.P. and Fifth Third Bank, dated July 8, 2016* 
      10.2 
    Confirmation letter #2 regarding the terms and conditions of the interest rate swap transactions between Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership II,L.P. and Fifth Third Bank, dated July 8, 2016* 
      10.3 
    Second Amendment to Advisory Agreement, dated August 2, 2016, by and among Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc., Phillips Edison Grocery Center Operating Partnership II, L.P. and Phillips Edison NTR II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q Filed August 4, 2016) 
      31.1 
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
      31.2 
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
      32.1 
    Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
      32.2 
    Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002* 
      101.1 
    The following information from the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iii) Consolidated Statements of Equity; and (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows* 

*Filed herewith. 

34 

SIGNATURES 
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER REIT II, INC. 

Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Jeffrey S. Edison 

Jeffrey S. Edison 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 3, 2016 
    By: 
    /s/ Devin I. Murphy  

Devin I. Murphy 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

35 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit101.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.1 
  Capital Markets Derivative Operations 
  38 Fountain Square MD 10903C 
  Cincinnati, OH 45263 
  Phone: 855-615-3522 
  Date: July 8, 2016 
    
  To: PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
    
  Attention: Julie Schwierling 
  Phone: 513-338-2781 
  Email: JSCHWIERLING@PHILLIPSEDISON.COM 
    
  USI: 1030451071FITB39050RA425565975700000000000 
    
  Re: Interest Rate Swaps 39050 
  The purpose of this letter agreement (this  Confirmation ) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction 
  entered into between FIFTH THIRD BANK ("Party A") and PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. ( Party B ) on the Trade Date specified below ( Transaction"). This letter constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the Agreement specified below. 
    
  1. Each Transaction entered into under this Confirmation will be subject to, and governed by the provisions of, the 2006 
  ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., not including subsequent 
  amendments or supplements (the "Definitions"). In the event of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this 
  Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
    
  2. This Confirmation supplements, forms a part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of June 17, 
  2016, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the  Agreement ), between Party A and Party B. All provisions 
  contained in the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. In the event of any 
  inconsistency between the Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
    
  3. Each party represents and warrants to the other party as follows: 
  a) Such party is fully informed of and capable of evaluating, and has evaluated, the potential financial benefits and 
  risks, the tax and accounting implications, the appropriateness in light of its individual financial circumstances, 
  business affairs, and risk management capabilities, and the conformity to its policies and objectives, of this 
  Transaction. 
       
  b) Such party has entered into this Transaction in reliance only upon its own judgment. Neither party holds itself out 
  as advising, or any of its employees or agents as having the authority to advise, the other party as to whether or 
  not it should enter into this Transaction, and neither party shall have any liability whatsoever in respect of any 
  advice of such nature given, or views expressed, by it or any such persons to the other party, whether or not such 
  advice is given or such views are expressed at the request of the other party. 
       
  c) Such party has entered into this Transaction for purposes of hedging and not for the purpose of speculation. 
    
  4. Please acknowledge your agreement to the terms hereof by delivering back to Fifth Third an executed version of this 
  Confirmation. If you do not return an unaltered, fully-executed version of this Confirmation to Fifth Third within 3 business 
  days of the date of your receipt of this Confirmation, you shall be deemed to have accepted the terms hereof as set forth 
  herein. 
    
  5. The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows. 
    
  Transaction Type: Interest Rate Swap 
  Payment Currency: USD 
  Notional Currency: USD 
  Notional Amount: 121,500,000.00 
  Term: 
  Trade Date: July 07, 2016 
  Effective Date: August 01, 2016 

Termination Date: July 02, 2019, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
    
  Fixed Amounts: 
    
  Fixed Rate Payer:             PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
  Fixed Rate Calculation Periods:         From and including the 1st day of each month to but excluding the 1st day of the 
  following month starting on August 01, 2016, continuing until July 02, 2019, 
  (however the final Calculation Period will be from and including June 03, 2019 
  to and excluding July 02, 2019), subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Fixed Rate Payer Payment Dates:         Monthly on the 1st day of each month commencing on September 01, 2016,  
  through and including July 02, 2019, subject to adjustment in accordance with the  
  Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Fixed Rate:                 0.690000% 
  Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction:         Act/360 
  Fixed Rate Business Day Convention:     Modified Following 
  Fixed Rate Business Days:         London, New York 
    
  Floating Amounts: 
    
  Floating Rate Payer:             FIFTH THIRD BANK 
  Floating Rate Calculation Periods:         From and including the 1st day of each month to but excluding the 1st day of the  
  following month starting on August 01, 2016, continuing until July 02, 2019,  
  (however the final Calculation Period will be from and including June 03, 2019, to  
  and excluding July 02, 2019), subject to adjustment in accordance with the  
  Modified Following Business Day Convention.  
  Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates:     Monthly on the 1st day of each month commencing on September 01, 2016,  
  through and including July 02, 2019, subject to adjustment in accordance with the  
  Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Floating Rate Day Count Fraction:         Act/360 
  Floating Rate Business Day Convention:     Modified Following 
  Floating Rate Business Days:         London, New York 
  Floating Rate for Initial Calculation Period:     TBD 
  Floating Rate Option:             USD-LIBOR-BBA, however the reference to  London Banking Days  in the third  
  line of the definition of  USD-LIBOR-BBA  as published in Section 7.1.(ab). 
  (xxii) of the 2006    ISDA Definitions is replaced by [ New York and London  
  Business Days ]. 
  Floating Rate Option Designated Maturity:    1 Month 
  Floating Rate Spread:             None 
  Floating Rate Compounding:         Inapplicable 
  Floating Rate Method of Averaging:     None 
  Floating Rate Reset Dates:         First day of each Calculation Period. 
  Floating Rate Rounding Convention:     5 decimal places per the ISDA definition. 
  Calculation Agent:             As referenced in ISDA Schedule 4(e) 
  Payment Instructions:             Payment to Party A shall be made in immediately available funds to: 
  Int Settle Acct Name:         Fifth Third Bank CM 
  Int ABA:             042000314 
  Int Acct #:             7024699832 
  Attention:             Capital Markets Derivatives Operations 
  Payment to Party B shall be made in immediately available funds to: 
  Ext Settle Acct Name:     PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER  
  OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
  Ext ABA:         xxxxx0039 
  Ext Acct #:         xxxxxx6879 
    
  Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by having an authorized officer execute 
  this Confirmation and returning it to the Capital Markets Derivatives Group at Fifth Third Bank (Fax no. 513-534-3461) or 
  (email: IRD.CapitalMarkets@53.com). 

Yours Truly, 
  FIFTH THIRD BANK 
  By:       /  s  /     Michael Sams 
  Name:     Michael Sams 
  Title:     Vice President 
    
  PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
    
  By: PE Grocery Center OP GP II LLC, 
  A Delaware limited liability company, 
  Its General Partner 
    
  By:       /s/ Robert F. Myers 
  Name:     Robert F. Myers 
  Title:     Vice President   Secretary 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit102.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 10.2 
    
  Capital Markets Derivative Operations 
  38 Fountain Square MD 10903C 
  Cincinnati, OH 45263 
  Phone: 855-615-3522 
  Date: July 8, 2016 
    
  To: PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
    
  Attention: Julie Schwierling 
  Phone: 513-338-2781 
  Email: JSCHWIERLING@PHILLIPSEDISON.COM 
    
  USI: 1030451071FITB38944RA425565984900000000000 
    
  Re: Interest Rate Swaps 38944 
    
  The purpose of this letter agreement (this  Confirmation ) is to confirm the terms and conditions of the Transaction 
  entered into between FIFTH THIRD BANK ("Party A") and PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. ( Party B ) on the Trade Date specified below ( Transaction"). This letter constitutes a "Confirmation" as referred to in the Agreement specified below. 
    
  1. Each Transaction entered into under this Confirmation will be subject to, and governed by the provisions of, the 2006 
  ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., not including subsequent 
  amendments or supplements (the "Definitions"). In the event of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this 
  Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
    
  2. This Confirmation supplements, forms a part of, and is subject to, the ISDA Master Agreement dated as of June 17, 
  2016, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the  Agreement ), between Party A and Party B. All provisions 
  contained in the Agreement govern this Confirmation except as expressly modified below. In the event of any 
  inconsistency between the Agreement and this Confirmation, this Confirmation will govern. 
    
  3. Each party represents and warrants to the other party as follows: 
  a) Such party is fully informed of and capable of evaluating, and has evaluated, the potential financial benefits and 
  risks, the tax and accounting implications, the appropriateness in light of its individual financial circumstances, 
  business affairs, and risk management capabilities, and the conformity to its policies and objectives, of this 
  Transaction. 
       
  b) Such party has entered into this Transaction in reliance only upon its own judgment. Neither party holds itself out 
  as advising, or any of its employees or agents as having the authority to advise, the other party as to whether or 
  not it should enter into this Transaction, and neither party shall have any liability whatsoever in respect of any 
  advice of such nature given, or views expressed, by it or any such persons to the other party, whether or not such 
  advice is given or such views are expressed at the request of the other party. 
    
  c) Such party has entered into this Transaction for purposes of hedging and not for the purpose of speculation. 
    
  4. Please acknowledge your agreement to the terms hereof by delivering back to Fifth Third an executed version of this 
  Confirmation. If you do not return an unaltered, fully-executed version of this Confirmation to Fifth Third within 3 business 
  days of the date of your receipt of this Confirmation, you shall be deemed to have accepted the terms hereof as set forth 
  herein. 
    
  5. The terms of the particular Transaction to which this Confirmation relates are as follows. 
    
  Transaction Type: Interest Rate Swap 
  Payment Currency: USD 
  Notional Currency: USD 
  Notional Amount: 121,500,000.00 

Term: 
  Trade Date: July 07, 2016 
  Effective Date: August 01, 2016 
  Termination Date: June 03, 2020, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention. 
    
  Fixed Amounts: 
    
  Fixed Rate Payer:         PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
  Fixed Rate Calculation Periods:     From and including the 1st day of each month to but excluding the 1st day of the 
  following month starting on August 01, 2016, continuing until June 03, 2020, 
  (however the final Calculation Period will be from and including May 01, 2020 
  to and excluding June 03, 2020), subject to adjustment in accordance with the Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Fixed Rate Payer Payment Dates:     Monthly on the 1st day of each month commencing on September 01, 2016, 
  through and including June 03, 2020, subject to adjustment in accordance with the  
  Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Fixed Rate:             0.757500% 
  Fixed Rate Day Count Fraction:     Act/360 
  Fixed Rate Business Day Convention: Modified Following 
  Fixed Rate Business Days:     London, New York 
    
  Floating Amounts: 
    
  Floating Rate Payer:         FIFTH THIRD BANK 
  Floating Rate Calculation Periods:     From and including the 1st day of each month to but excluding the 1st day of the 
  following month starting on August 01, 2016, continuing until June 03, 2020,  
  (however the final Calculation Period will be from and including May 01, 2020, to  
  and excluding June 03, 2020), subject to adjustment in accordance with the  
  Modified Following Business Day Convention. 
  Floating Rate Payer Payment Dates: Monthly on the 1st day of each month commencing on September 01, 2016, 
  through and including June 03, 2020, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
  the Modified Following Business Day Convention. Floating Rate Day Count  
  Fraction:             Act/360 
  Floating Rate Business Day Convention: Modified Following 
  Floating Rate Business Days:     London, New York 
  Floating Rate for Initial Calculation Period: TBD 
  Floating Rate Option:         USD-LIBOR-BBA, however the reference to  London Banking Days  in the third  
  line of the definition of  USD-LIBOR-BBA  as published in Section 7.1.(ab) 
  (xxii) of the 2006 ISDA Definitions is replaced by [ New York and London 
   Business Days ]. 
  Floating Rate Option Designated Maturity: 1 Month 
  Floating Rate Spread:         None 
  Floating Rate Compounding:     Inapplicable 
  Floating Rate Method of Averaging: None 
  Floating Rate Reset Dates:     First day of each Calculation Period. 
  Floating Rate Rounding Convention: 5 decimal places per the ISDA definition. 
  Calculation Agent:         As referenced in ISDA Schedule 4(e) 
    
  Payment Instructions:     Payment to Party A shall be made in immediately available funds to: 
  Int Settle Acct Name:     Fifth Third Bank CM 
  Int ABA:         042000314 
  Int Acct #:         7024699832 
  Attention:         Capital Markets Derivatives Operations 
    
  Payment to Party B shall be made in immediately available funds to: 
  Ext Settle Acct Name:     PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING  
  PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
  Ext ABA:         xxxxx0039 
  Ext Acct #:         xxxxxx6879 

Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the terms of our agreement by having an authorized officer execute 
  this Confirmation and returning it to the Capital Markets Derivatives Group at Fifth Third Bank (Fax no. 513-534-3461) or 
  (email: IRD.CapitalMarkets@53.com). 
    
  Yours Truly, 
  FIFTH THIRD BANK 
                                   
  By:       /s/ Michael Sams 
    Name:     Michael Sams 
  Title:     Vice President 
    
  PHILLIPS EDISON GROCERY CENTER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP II, L.P. 
  By: PE Grocery Center OP GP II LLC, 
  A Delaware limited liability company, 
  Its General Partner 
    
  By:       /s/ Robert F. Myers 
  Name:    Robert F. Myers 
  Title:    Vice President   Secretary 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  Certification pursuant to 
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Jeffrey S. Edison, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Jeffrey S. Edison 
        
    Jeffrey S. Edison 
  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  Certification pursuant to 
  Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  I, Devin I. Murphy, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc.; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Devin I. Murphy 
        
    Devin I. Murphy 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Jeffrey S. Edison, Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Jeffrey S. Edison 
        
    Jeffrey S. Edison 
  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
  (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 pe-ntr2q32016exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
  as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
  In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Phillips Edison Grocery Center REIT II, Inc. (the  Registrant ) for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Devin I. Murphy, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.   1350, as adopted pursuant to   906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 
           1. 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              2. 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
     Date:   November 3, 2016    

/s/ Devin I. Murphy 
        
    Devin I. Murphy 
  Chief Financial Officer 
  (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 8
 cik0001476204-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cik0001476204-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cik0001476204-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cik0001476204-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cik0001476204-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cik0001476204-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

