<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161102_10-Q_edgar_data_814184_0000814184-16-000120_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24445978</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>170674</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>886883</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9489851</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>11072003</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2340714</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>71</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000814184-16-000120.hdr.sgml : 20161102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161102154424
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000814184-16-000120
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161102

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TCF FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814184
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				411591444
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10253
		FILM NUMBER:		161967697

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 LAKE STREET EAST
		STREET 2:		MAIL CODE EX-03-A
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391-1693
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-745-2760

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 LAKE STREET EAST
		STREET 2:		MAIL CODE EX-03-A
		CITY:			WAYZATA
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55391-1693

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000814184-16-000120.txt : 20161102

10-Q
 1
 tcffinancial9301610q.htm
 10-Q

Document 

Table of Contents  

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
    
  [X]   QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
    
  For the quarterly period ended 
  September 30, 2016 
  or 
  [  ] Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
    
     Commission File No. 001-10253 
    
  TCF Financial Corporation 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
                    Delaware 
    41-1591444 
      (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
    (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

200 Lake Street East 
  Wayzata, Minnesota 55391-1693 
  (Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 
  (952) 745-2760 
  (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
  Yes [X]                                                   No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
  Yes [X]                                                   No [  ] 
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
    
                     Large accelerated filer 
    [X] 
    Accelerated filer 
    [  ] 
      Non-accelerated filer 
    [  ] (Do not check if smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company 
    [  ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
  Yes [   ]                                                  No [X] 
    
  Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
    
  INDEX 

Table of Contents  

Part I - Financial Information 
   
  Item 1.  Financial Statements 
   
  TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Income  
  (Unaudited)   

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   2 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   3 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Equity 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   4 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
  (Unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
  
   5 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
  (Unaudited) 

Note 1  .    Basis of Presentation    
    
  TCF Financial Corporation (together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, "we," "us," "our," "TCF" or the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, is a national bank holding company based in Wayzata, Minnesota. References herein to "TCF Financial" or the "Holding Company" refer to TCF Financial Corporation on an unconsolidated basis. TCF's principal subsidiary, TCF National Bank ("TCF Bank"), is headquartered in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. 
    
  The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the instructions to Form 10-Q and, therefore do not include all of the information and notes necessary for complete financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is written with the presumption that the users of the interim financial statements have read or have access to the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, which contains the latest audited financial statements and notes thereto, together with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations at December 31, 2015, and for the year then ended. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Accounting policies in effect at December 31, 2015 remain significantly unchanged and have been followed similarly as in previous periods.  
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on information available to management at the time the estimates are made. Actual results could differ from those estimates. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements contain all the significant adjustments, consisting of normal recurring items, considered necessary for fair presentation. The results of operations for interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the entire year. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company retrospectively adopted Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2015-03,   Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs,   which required that debt issuance costs be presented as a direct deduction from debt. Accordingly, the Company reclassified unamortized debt issuance costs of   $2.1 million   from Other assets to a reduction in Long-term borrowings on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2015. The adoption of this ASU did not impact results of operations, retained earnings or cash flows. 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed its reportable segments to align with the way the Company is now managed. The revised presentation of previously reported segment data has been applied retroactively to all periods presented in these financial statements. The new reportable segments are Consumer Banking, Wholesale Banking and Enterprise Services. Previously, the Company's reportable segments were Lending, Funding and Support Services. The reportable segments follow GAAP as described in Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Item 8 of TCF's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, except for the accounting for intercompany interest income and interest expense, which are eliminated in consolidation, and presenting net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis. See   Note 16  ,   Business Segments   for a description of the new segments. 

6 

Table of Contents  

Note 2  .    Cash and Due from Banks    
    
  At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , TCF Bank was required by Federal Reserve regulations to maintain reserves of   $103.8 million   and   $101.6 million  , respectively, in cash on hand or at the Federal Reserve Bank. 
    
  TCF maintains cash balances that are restricted as to their use in accordance with certain contractual agreements primarily related to the sale and servicing of auto loans. Cash payments received on loans serviced for third parties are generally held in separate accounts until remitted. TCF may also retain cash balances for collateral on certain borrowings, forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts and other contracts. TCF maintained restricted cash totaling   $51.2 million   and   $58.3 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  TCF had cash held in interest-bearing accounts of   $398.0 million   and   $609.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 3  .    Securities Available for Sale and Securities Held to Maturity    
    
  Securities consisted of the following: 

There were   no   sales of securities available for sale during the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  . During the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2015  , TCF sold   $0.2 million   of securities available for sale and received cash proceeds of   $0.2 million  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of   $8.5 million   and   $17.1 million  , respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure certain deposits and borrowings. There were   no   impairment charges recognized on securities available for sale during the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  . Unrealized losses on securities available for sale are due to changes in interest rates. TCF has the ability and intent to hold these investments until a recovery of fair value occurs. 
     
  TCF recorded   $0.6 million   and   $0.7 million     of impairment charges for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, on securities held to maturity compared with   $0.2 million   and   $0.3 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  
  
   7 

Table of Contents  

The following tables show the gross unrealized losses and fair value of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , aggregated by investment category and the length of time the securities were in a continuous loss position:  

8 

Table of Contents  

The amortized cost and fair value of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity by final contractual maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are shown below. The remaining contractual principal maturities do not consider possible prepayments. Remaining expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay.  

Note 4  .    Loans and Leases 
    
  Loans and leases consisted of the following:  

(1) 
    Loans and leases are reported at historical cost including net direct fees and costs associated with originating and acquiring loans and leases, lease residuals, unearned income and unamortized purchase premiums and discounts. The aggregate amount of these loan and lease adjustments was   $62.5 million   and   $73.7 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
       
  The consumer real estate junior lien portfolio was comprised of   $2.4 billion   of home equity lines of credit ("HELOCs") and   $292.2 million   of amortizing consumer real estate junior lien mortgage loans at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $2.5 billion   and   $345.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. At both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $1.8 billion   of the consumer real estate junior lien HELOCs had a   10  -year interest-only draw period and a   20  -year amortization repayment period and all were within the 10-year interest-only draw period and will not convert to amortizing loans until the year 2021 or later. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $561.4 million   and   $664.5 million  , respectively, of the consumer real estate junior lien HELOCs were interest-only revolving draw loans with no defined amortization period and original draw periods of   5   to   40   years. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   18.2%   of these loans mature prior to the year 2021. 

9 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the carrying value of consumer real estate loans and consumer auto loans sold with servicing retained, cash received, securitization receivable recorded, interest-only strips received and recognized net gains for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  .   No   servicing assets or liabilities related to consumer real estate or consumer auto loans were recorded within TCF's Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, as the contractual servicing fees are adequate to compensate TCF for its servicing responsibilities based on the amount demanded by the marketplace. 

(1) 
    Includes transaction fees and other sales related costs. 
              (2) 
    Excludes subsequent adjustments and valuation adjustments while held for sale. 
       
  TCF has two consumer real estate loan sale programs; one that sells nationally originated consumer real estate junior lien loans and the other that originates first mortgage lien loans in our primary banking markets and sells the loans through a correspondent relationship. Included in the consumer real estate recognized net gains for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   were   $2.1 million   and   $5.7 million  , respectively, on the recorded investments of   $95.9 million   and   $257.5 million  , respectively, in first mortgage lien loans sold related to the correspondent lending program, including accrued interest. Included in the consumer real estate recognized net gains for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2015   were   $1.7 million   and   $4.7 million  , respectively, on the recorded investments of   $76.7 million   and   $212.9 million  , respectively, in first mortgage lien loans sold related to the correspondent lending program, including accrued interest. 
    
  Included in the consumer auto loans sold in the table above are amounts related to the completion of securitizations. During the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , TCF transferred the recorded investment of   $519.3 million   and   $933.6 million  , respectively, in consumer auto loans, including accrued interest, with servicing retained, to trusts in securitization transactions, received net sales proceeds of   $525.7 million   and   $926.0 million  ,   respectively, recorded a securitization  receivable of   $18.6 million   in the first nine months of   2016   and recognized net gains of   $6.4 million   and   $11.0 million  , respectively, which qualified for sale accounting. During the   third quarter and first nine months     of     2015  , TCF transferred the recorded investment of   $441.5 million   and   $880.8 million  , respectively, in consumer auto loans, including accrued interest, with servicing retained, to trusts in securitization transactions, received net sales proceeds of   $452.2 million   and   $902.8 million  , respectively, and recognized net gains of   $10.8 million   and   $22.0 million  , respectively, which qualified for sale accounting. These trusts are considered variable interest entities due to their limited capitalization and special purpose nature. TCF has concluded it is not the primary beneficiary of the trusts and they are not consolidated. 
    
  Total interest-only strips and the contractual liabilities related to loan sales are shown below.  

TCF recorded   $0.2 million   and   $0.8 million   of impairment charges on consumer real estate loan interest-only strips for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   none   for the same periods in   2015  . TCF recorded   $2.3 million   of impairment charges on consumer auto loan interest-only strips for both the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $0.4 million   and   $0.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  
  
   10 

Table of Contents  

TCF's agreements to sell auto and consumer real estate loans typically contain certain representations and warranties regarding the loans sold. These representations and warranties generally relate to, among other things, the ownership of the loan, the validity, priority and perfection of the lien securing the loan, accuracy of information supplied to the buyer, the loan's compliance with the criteria set forth in the agreement, payment delinquency and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. TCF may be required to repurchase loans in the event of an unremedied breach of these representations or warranties. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , losses related to repurchases pursuant to such representations and warranties were immaterial. The majority of such repurchases were of consumer auto loans where TCF typically has contractual agreements with the automobile dealerships that originated the loans requiring the dealers to repurchase such contracts from TCF. 

Note 5  .    Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality Information    
    
  The following tables provide the allowance for loan and lease losses and other related information. TCF's key credit quality indicator is the receivable's payment performance status, defined as accruing or non-accruing.  

11 

Table of Contents  

The following tables provide information regarding the allowance for loan and lease losses and balances by type of allowance methodology: 

12 

Table of Contents  

Accruing and Non-accrual Loans and Leases    The following tables set forth information regarding TCF's accruing and non-accrual loans and leases. Non-accrual loans and leases are those which management believes have a higher risk of loss. Delinquent balances are determined based on the contractual terms of the loan or lease.  

The following table provides interest income recognized on loans and leases in non-accrual status and contractual interest that would have been recorded had the loans and leases performed in accordance with their original contractual terms: 

13 

Table of Contents  

The following table provides information regarding consumer real estate loans to customers currently involved in ongoing Chapter 7 or Chapter 13 bankruptcy proceedings which have not yet been discharged, dismissed or completed:  

Loan Modifications for Borrowers with Financial Difficulties    Included within loans and leases in the previous tables are certain loans that have been modified in order to maximize collection of loan balances. If, for economic or legal reasons related to the customer's financial difficulties, TCF grants a concession, the modified loan is classified as a troubled debt restructuring ("TDR") loan. All loans classified as TDR loans are considered to be impaired. TDR loans consist primarily of consumer real estate and commercial loans.  
    
  Total TDR loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   were   $218.0 million   and   $230.6 million  , respectively, of which   $129.7 million   and   $135.3 million  , respectively, were accruing. TCF held consumer real estate TDR loans of   $177.7 million   and   $185.8 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of which   $101.9 million   and   $106.8 million  , respectively, were accruing. TCF also held   $26.9 million   and   $31.7 million   of commercial TDR loans at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively, of which   $21.5 million   and   $24.7 million  , respectively, were accruing. TDR loans for the remaining classes of finance receivables were not material at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Unfunded commitments to consumer real estate and commercial loans classified as TDRs were   $0.4 million   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , no additional funds were committed to leasing and equipment finance, inventory finance or auto finance loans classified as TDRs. 
    
  When a loan is modified as a TDR, principal balances are generally not forgiven. Loan modifications to troubled borrowers are not reported as TDR loans in the calendar years after modification if the loans were modified to an interest rate equal to or greater than the yields of new loan originations with comparable risk at the time of restructuring and if the loan is performing based on the restructured terms; however, these loans are still considered impaired and follow TCF's impaired loan reserve policies. During the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  ,   $0.1 million   and   $9.0 million  , respectively, of commercial loans were removed from TDR status as they were restructured at market terms and were performing. 
    
  Unrecognized interest represents the difference between interest income recognized on accruing TDR loans and the contractual interest that would have been recorded under the original contractual terms. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized interest income for consumer real estate first mortgage lien accruing TDR loans and consumer real estate junior lien accruing TDR loans was   $0.5 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. The average yield for the same period on consumer real estate accruing TDR loans was   4.3%  , which compares to the original contractual average rate of   6.7%  . For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , unrecognized interest income for consumer real estate first mortgage lien accruing TDR loans and consumer real estate junior lien accruing TDR loans was   $0.5 million   and   $0.2 million  , respectively. The average yield for the same period on consumer real estate accruing TDR loans was   4.1%  , which compares to the original contractual average rate of   6.8%  . The unrecognized interest income for the remaining classes of finance receivables was not material for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 
    
  For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , unrecognized interest income for consumer real estate first mortgage lien accruing TDR loans and consumer real estate junior lien accruing TDR loans was   $1.5 million   and   $0.5 million  , respectively. The average yield for the same period on consumer real estate accruing TDR loans was   4.2%  , which compares to the original contractual average rate of   6.7%  . For the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , unrecognized interest income for consumer real estate first mortgage lien accruing TDR loans and consumer real estate junior lien accruing TDR loans was   $1.6 million   and   $0.6 million  , respectively. The average yield for the same period on consumer real estate accruing TDR loans was   4.0%  , which compares to the original contractual average rate of   6.7%  . The unrecognized interest income for the remaining classes of finance receivables was not material for the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

14 

Table of Contents  

The table below summarizes TDR loans that defaulted during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , which were modified during the respective reporting period or within one year of the beginning of the respective reporting period. TCF considers a loan to have defaulted when under the modified terms it becomes   90   or more days delinquent, has been transferred to non-accrual status, has been charged down or has been transferred to other real estate owned or repossessed and returned assets. 

(1) 
    The loan balances presented are not materially different than the pre-modification loan balances as TCF's loan modifications generally do not forgive principal amounts. 
       
  Consumer real estate TDR loans are evaluated separately in TCF's allowance methodology. Impairment is generally based upon the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's initial effective interest rate, unless the loans are collateral dependent, in which case loan impairment is based upon the fair value of the collateral less selling expenses. The allowance on accruing consumer real estate TDR loans was   $20.2 million  , or   19.8%   of the outstanding balance, at   September 30, 2016  , and   $22.4 million  , or   21.0%   of the outstanding balance, at   December 31, 2015  . In determining impairment for consumer real estate accruing TDR loans, TCF utilized assumed remaining re-default rates ranging from   9%   to   33%   in   2016   and   10%   to   33%   in   2015  , depending on modification type and actual experience. At   September 30, 2016  ,   1.1%   of accruing consumer real estate TDR loans were more than   60   days delinquent, compared with   2.0%   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Consumer real estate TDR loans generally remain on accruing status following modification if they are less than   90   days past due and payment in full under the modified terms of the loan is expected based on a current credit evaluation and historical payment performance. Of the non-accrual TDR balance at   September 30, 2016  ,   $51.2 million  , or   67.6%  , were loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy that were not reaffirmed by the borrower, of which   76.3%   were current. Of the non-accrual TDR balance at   December 31, 2015  ,   $51.5 million  , or   65.1%  , were loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy that were not reaffirmed, of which   77.2%   were current. All eligible loans are re-aged to current delinquency status upon modification. 
    
  Commercial TDR loans are individually evaluated for impairment based upon the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's initial effective interest rate, unless the loans are collateral dependent, in which case impairment is based upon the fair value of collateral less estimated selling costs; however if payment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the operation, rather than the sale of the collateral, the impairment does not include selling costs. The allowance on accruing commercial TDR loans was less than   $0.1 million  , or   0.1%   of the outstanding balance, at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . No accruing commercial TDR loans were   60   days or more delinquent at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . 

15 

Table of Contents  

Impaired Loans    TCF considers impaired loans to include non-accrual commercial loans, non-accrual equipment finance loans and non-accrual inventory finance loans, as well as all TDR loans. Non-accrual impaired loans, including non-accrual TDR loans, are included in non-accrual loans and leases within the previous tables. Accruing TDR loans have been disclosed by delinquency status within the previous tables of accruing and non-accrual loans and leases. In the following tables, the loan balance of impaired loans represents the amount recorded within loans and leases on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, whereas the unpaid contractual balance represents the balances legally owed by the borrowers. 
    
  The following table summarizes impaired loans:   

16 

Table of Contents  

The average loan balance of impaired loans and interest income recognized on impaired loans during the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015   are included within the table below. 

Note 6  .    Deposits 
    
  Deposits consisted of the following: 

17 

Table of Contents  

Certificates of deposit had the following remaining maturities at   September 30, 2016  : 

The aggregate amount of certificates of deposit with balances equal to or greater than the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit of $250,000 were   $599.3 million   and   $484.2 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Note 7  .    Short-term Borrowings    
    
  Selected information for short-term borrowings (borrowings with an original maturity of one year or less) consisted of the following: 

At   September 30, 2016  , the securities sold under short-term repurchase agreements were related to TCF Bank's Repurchase Investment Sweep Agreement product and were collateralized by mortgage-backed securities having a period end fair value of   $7.4 million  . 

18 

Table of Contents  

Note 8  .    Long-term Borrowings    
    
  Long-term borrowings consisted of the following:   

           (1) 
    Related to subordinated bank notes with a stated maturity of 2025. 
       
  At   September 30, 2016  , TCF Bank had pledged loans secured by residential and commercial real estate and Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") stock with an aggregate carrying value of   $4.1 billion   as collateral for FHLB advances. At   September 30, 2016  ,   $150.0 million   of FHLB advances outstanding were prepayable monthly at TCF's option. 

19 

Table of Contents  

Note 9  .    Regulatory Capital Requirements 
    
  TCF and TCF Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possible additional discretionary, actions by the federal banking agencies that could have a material adverse effect on TCF. In general, TCF Bank may not declare or pay a dividend to TCF Financial in excess of   100%   of its net retained earnings for the current year combined with its net retained earnings for the preceding   two   calendar years, which was   $445.4 million   at   September 30, 2016  , without prior approval of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC"). The OCC also has the authority to prohibit the payment of dividends by a national bank when it determines such payments would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking practice. TCF Bank's ability to make capital distributions in the future may require regulatory approval and may be restricted by its regulatory authorities. TCF Bank's ability to make any such distributions will also depend on its earnings and ability to meet minimum regulatory capital requirements in effect during future periods. These capital adequacy standards may be higher in the future than existing minimum regulatory capital requirements. 
    
  The following table presents regulatory capital information for TCF and TCF Bank:  

Note 10  .    Stock Compensation    
    
  The following table reflects TCF's restricted stock and stock option transactions under the TCF Financial 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan ("Omnibus Incentive Plan") and the TCF Financial Incentive Stock Program ("Incentive Stock Program") during the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  : 

N.A. Not Applicable. 

20 

Table of Contents  

Unrecognized stock compensation expense for restricted stock awards and options was   $27.0 million  , excluding estimated forfeitures, with a weighted-average remaining amortization period of   2.0   years at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , there were   50,000   and   1,050,000   shares of performance-based restricted stock outstanding under the Omnibus Incentive Plan and Incentive Stock Program, respectively, that will vest only if certain performance goals and service conditions are achieved. Failure to achieve the performance and service conditions will result in all or a portion of the shares being forfeited.  
    
  The number of restricted stock units granted under the Omnibus Incentive Plan was   228,867   at target and the actual restricted stock units granted will depend on actual performance with a maximum total payout of   150%   of target. The weighted-average remaining amortization period of the restricted stock units was   1.9   years at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Valuation and related assumption information for TCF's stock option plans related to options issued in 2008 have not changed significantly from   December 31, 2015   and     no   stock options were subsequently issued under the Incentive Stock Program. As of   September 30, 2016  ,   no   stock options were issued under the Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

Note 11  .    Employee Benefit Plans    
    
  The following tables set forth the net periodic benefit plan (income) cost included in compensation and employee benefits expense for the TCF Cash Balance Pension Plan (the "Pension Plan") and health care benefits for eligible retired employees (the "Postretirement Plan") for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  : 

TCF made   no   cash contributions to the Pension Plan in either of the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   or   2015  . During the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , TCF contributed   $0.1 million   and   $0.3 million  , respectively, to the Postretirement Plan.  

21 

Table of Contents  

Note 12  .    Derivative Instruments    
    
  All derivative instruments are recognized within other assets or other liabilities at fair value within the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The Company's derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements and qualify for offset in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. The Company's policy is to recognize amounts subject to master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements on a net basis in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. The value of derivative instruments will vary over their contractual terms as the related underlying rates fluctuate. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether or not the contract has been designated and qualifies as a hedge. To qualify as a hedge, a contract must be highly effective at reducing the risk associated with the exposure being hedged. In addition, for a contract to be designated as a hedge, the risk management objective and strategy must be documented at inception. Hedge documentation must also identify the hedging instrument, the asset or liability and type of risk to be hedged and how the effectiveness of the contract is assessed prospectively and retrospectively. To assess effectiveness, TCF uses statistical methods such as regression analysis. A contract that has been, and is expected to continue to be, effective at offsetting changes in fair values or the net investment must be assessed and documented at least quarterly. If it is determined that a contract is not highly effective at hedging the designated exposure, hedge accounting is discontinued. 
    
  Upon origination of a derivative instrument, the contract is designated either as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or liability due to changes in market risk ("fair value hedge"), a hedge of the volatility of an investment in foreign operations driven by changes in foreign currency exchange rates ("net investment hedge"), or is not designated as a hedge.  
    
  Fair Value Hedges    During the first quarter of 2015, TCF Bank entered into an interest rate swap agreement related to its contemporaneously issued subordinated debt, which settles through a central clearing house. The swap was designated as a fair value hedge and effectively converts the fixed interest rate to a floating rate based on the three-month London InterBank Offered Rate plus a fixed number of basis points on the   $150.0 million   notional amount through   February 27, 2025  , the maturity date of the subordinated debt. In exchange, TCF Bank will receive   4.60%   fixed-rate interest on the   $150.0 million   notional amount from the swap counterparty. 
    
  The interest rate swap substantially offsets the change in fair value of the hedged underlying debt that is attributable to the changes in market risk. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap as well as the offsetting changes in fair value of the hedged debt are reflected in non-interest income. 
    
  Net Investment Hedges    Forward foreign exchange contracts, that generally settle within   34   days, are used to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with the Company's net investment in TCF Commercial Finance Canada, Inc., a wholly-owned indirect Canadian subsidiary of TCF Bank. Changes in net investment hedges recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) are subsequently reclassified to non-interest expense during the period in which the foreign investment is substantially liquidated or when other elements of the currency translation adjustment are reclassified to income. 
    
  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges    Certain of TCF's forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges and are generally settled within   34   days. Changes in the fair value of these forward foreign exchange contracts are reflected in non-interest expense. 
    
  TCF executes interest rate swap agreements with commercial banking customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged with offsetting interest rate swaps that TCF executes with a third party and settles through a central clearing house, minimizing TCF's net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. As the interest rate swaps associated with this program do not meet hedge accounting requirements, changes in the fair value of both the customer swaps and the offsetting swaps are reflected in non-interest income. These contracts have original fixed maturity dates ranging from   three   to   seven   years. 
    
  TCF enters into interest rate lock commitments in conjunction with the sale of certain consumer real estate loans. These interest rate lock commitments are agreements to extend credit under certain specified terms and conditions at fixed rates and have original lock expirations of up to   60   days. They are not designated as hedges and accordingly, changes in the valuation of these commitments are reflected in non-interest income. 

22 

Table of Contents  

During the second quarter of 2012, TCF sold its Visa        Class B stock. In conjunction with the sale, TCF and the purchaser entered into a derivative transaction whereby TCF may receive or be required to make cash payments whenever the conversion ratio of the Visa Class B stock into Visa Class A stock is adjusted. The fair value of this derivative has been determined using estimated future cash flows using probability weighted scenarios for multiple estimates of Visa's aggregate exposure to covered litigation matters, which include consideration of amounts funded by Visa into its escrow account for the covered litigation matters. Changes, if any, in the valuation of this swap agreement, which has no determinable maturity date, are reflected in non-interest expense. 
    
  The following tables summarize TCF's outstanding derivative instruments as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . See   Note 13  ,   Fair Value Disclosures  , for additional information. 

23 

Table of Contents  

The following table summarizes the pre-tax impact of derivative activity within the Consolidated Statements of Income and the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income: 

TCF executes all of its forward foreign exchange contracts in the over-the-counter market with large financial institutions pursuant to International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. agreements. These agreements include credit risk-related features that enhance the creditworthiness of these instruments as compared with other obligations of the respective counterparty with whom TCF has transacted by requiring that additional collateral be posted under certain circumstances. The amount of collateral required depends on the contract and is determined daily based on market and currency exchange rate conditions. 
    
  At September 30, 2016  , credit risk-related contingent features existed on forward foreign exchange contracts with a notional value of   $121.9 million  . In the event TCF is rated less than BB- by Standard and Poor's, the contracts could be terminated or TCF may be required to provide approximately   $2.4 million   in additional collateral. There were   no   forward foreign exchange contracts containing credit risk-related features in a net liability position at   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  At September 30, 2016  , TCF had posted   $2.8 million  ,   $1.4 million   and   $0.4 million   of cash collateral related to its interest rate contracts, other contracts and forward foreign exchange contracts, respectively, and had received   $1.2 million   of cash collateral related to its forward foreign exchange contracts. 

Note 13  .    Fair Value Disclosures 
    
  TCF uses fair value measurements to record fair value adjustments to certain assets and liabilities and to determine fair value disclosures. The Company's fair values are based on the price that would be received upon the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Securities available for sale, certain loans and leases held for sale, interest-only strips, forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts, interest rate lock commitments, forward loan sales commitments, assets and liabilities held in trust for deferred compensation plans and other contracts are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. From time to time we may be required to record at fair value other assets on a non-recurring basis, such as certain securities held to maturity, loans, other real estate owned, repossessed and returned assets and the securitization receivable. These non-recurring fair value adjustments typically involve application of lower of cost or fair value accounting or write-downs of individual assets. 

24 

Table of Contents  

The following is a discussion of the fair value hierarchy and the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis and for estimating fair value of financial instruments not recorded at fair value. 
    
  TCF groups its assets and liabilities measured at fair value in three levels, based on the markets in which the assets and liabilities are traded and the degree and reliability of estimates and assumptions used to determine fair value as follows: Level 1, which includes valuations that are based on prices obtained from independent pricing sources for the same instruments traded in active markets; Level 2, which includes valuations that are based on prices obtained from independent pricing sources that are based on observable transactions of similar instruments, but not quoted markets; and Level 3, for which valuations are generated from Company model-based techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. Such unobservable inputs reflect estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
    
  Investments    The carrying value of investments in FHLB stock and Federal Reserve Bank stock, categorized as Level 2, approximates fair value based on redemption at par value. 
    
  Securities Held to Maturity    Securities held to maturity consist primarily of securities of U.S. Government sponsored enterprises and federal agencies. The fair value of securities of U.S. Government sponsored enterprises and federal agencies, categorized as Level 2, is estimated using prices obtained from independent asset pricing services that are based on observable transactions, but not quoted markets. Management reviews the prices obtained from independent asset pricing services for unusual fluctuations and comparisons to current market trading activity. The fair value of other mortgage-backed securities and other securities, categorized as Level 3, is estimated based on discounted cash flows using consideration of credit exposure and other internal pricing methods. There is no observable secondary market for these securities. 
    
  Securities Available for Sale    Securities available for sale consist primarily of securities of U.S. Government sponsored enterprises and federal agencies, and obligations of states and political subdivisions. The fair value of these securities, categorized as Level 2, is recorded using prices obtained from independent asset pricing services that are based on observable transactions, but not quoted markets. Management reviews the prices obtained from independent asset pricing services for unusual fluctuations and comparisons to current market trading activity. 
    
  Loans and Leases Held for Sale    Loans and leases held for sale are generally carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Estimated fair values are based upon recent loan sale transactions and any available price quotes on loans with similar coupons, maturities and credit quality. Certain other loans and leases held for sale are recorded at fair value under the elected fair value option. TCF relies on internal valuation models which utilize quoted investor prices to estimate the fair value of these loans. Loans and leases held for sale are categorized as Level 3. 
    
  Loans    The fair value of loans, categorized as Level 3, is estimated based on discounted expected cash flows and recent sales of similar loans. The discounted cash flows include assumptions for prepayment estimates over each loan's remaining life, consideration of the current interest rate environment compared with the weighted average rate of each portfolio, a credit risk component based on the historical and expected performance of each portfolio and a liquidity adjustment related to the current market environment. TCF also uses pricing data from recent sales of loans with similar risk characteristics as data points to validate the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of certain loans. 
    
  Loans for which repayment is expected to be provided solely by the value of the underlying collateral, categorized as Level 3 and recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis, are valued based on the fair value of that collateral less estimated selling costs. Such loans include non-accrual impaired loans as well as certain delinquent non-accrual consumer real estate and auto finance loans. The fair value of the collateral is determined based on internal estimates and assessments provided by third-party appraisers. 
    
  Interest-only Strips    The fair value of interest-only strips, categorized as Level 3, represents the present value of future cash flows expected to be received by TCF on certain assets. TCF uses available market data, along with its own empirical data and discounted cash flow models, to arrive at the estimated fair value of its interest-only strips. The present value of the estimated expected future cash flows to be received is determined by using discount, loss and prepayment rates that TCF believes are commensurate with the risks associated with the cash flows and what a market participant would use. These assumptions are inherently subject to volatility and uncertainty and, as a result, the estimated fair value of the interest-only strips may fluctuate significantly from period to period. 

25 

Table of Contents  

Forward Foreign Exchange Contracts    TCF's forward foreign exchange contracts are currency contracts executed in over-the-counter markets and are recorded at fair value using a cash flow model that includes key inputs such as foreign exchange rates and, in accordance with GAAP, an assessment of the risk of counterparty non-performance. The risk of counterparty non-performance is based on external assessments of credit risk. The fair value of these contracts, categorized as Level 2, is based on observable transactions, but not quoted markets. 
    
  Interest Rate Contracts    TCF executes interest rate swap agreements with commercial banking customers to facilitate the customer's risk management strategy. These interest rate swaps are simultaneously hedged by offsetting interest rate swaps TCF executes with a third party, minimizing TCF's net risk exposure resulting from such transactions. TCF has an interest rate swap agreement to convert its   $150.0 million   of fixed-rate subordinated notes to floating rate debt. These derivative instruments are recorded at fair value. The fair value of these swap agreements, categorized as Level 2, is determined using a cash flow model which considers the forward curve, the discount curve and credit valuation adjustments related to counterparty and/or borrower non-performance risk. 
    
  Interest Rate Lock Commitments and Forward Loan Sales Commitments    TCF's interest rate lock commitments are derivative instruments which are carried at fair value. The related forward loan sales commitments to sell the resulting loans held for sale are also recorded at fair value under the elected fair value option. TCF relies on internal valuation models to estimate the fair value of these instruments. The valuation models utilize estimated rates of successful loan closings and quoted investor prices. While these models use both Level 2 and 3 inputs, TCF has determined that the majority of the inputs significant in the valuation of these commitments fall within Level 3 and therefore they are categorized as Level 3. 
    
  Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed and Returned Assets    The fair value of other real estate owned, categorized as Level 3, is based on independent appraisals, real estate brokers' price opinions or automated valuation methods, less estimated selling costs. Certain properties require assumptions that are not observable in an active market in the determination of fair value. The fair value of repossessed and returned assets is based on available pricing guides, auction results or price opinions, less estimated selling costs. Assets acquired through foreclosure, repossession or returned to TCF are initially recorded at the lower of the loan or lease carrying amount or fair value less estimated selling costs at the time of transfer to other real estate owned or repossessed and returned assets. Other real estate owned at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $33.7 million   and   $50.0 million  , respectively. Repossessed and returned assets at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   was   $8.8 million   and   $8.0 million  , respectively. Other real estate owned and repossessed and returned assets were written down   $2.0 million   and   $7.0 million  , which was included in foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets, net expense for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , respectively, compared with   $2.9 million   and   $10.4 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
    
  Securitization Receivable    TCF executed a consumer auto loan securitization during the second quarter of 2016 with a related receivable representing a cash reserve account posted at the inception of the securitization. The fair value of the securitization receivable, categorized as Level 3, is estimated based on discounted cash flows using interest rates for borrowings of similar remaining maturities plus a spread based on management's judgment. 
    
  Assets and Liabilities Held in Trust for Deferred Compensation Plans    Assets held in trust for deferred compensation plans include investments in publicly traded securities, excluding TCF common stock reported in treasury and other equity, and U.S. Treasury notes. The fair value of these assets, categorized as Level 1, is based upon prices obtained from independent asset pricing services based on active markets. The fair value of the liabilities equals the fair value of the assets. 
    
  Other Contracts    TCF has a swap agreement related to the sale of TCF's Visa Class B stock, categorized as Level 3. The fair value of the Visa agreement is based upon TCF's estimated exposure related to the Visa covered litigation through a probability analysis of the funding and estimated settlement amounts. 
    
  Deposits    The fair value of checking, savings and money market deposits, categorized as Level 1, is deemed equal to the amount payable on demand. The fair value of certificates of deposit, categorized as Level 2, is estimated based on discounted cash flows using currently offered market rates. The intangible value of long-term relationships with depositors is not taken into account in the fair values disclosed. 

26 

Table of Contents  

Long-term Borrowings    The fair value of TCF's long-term borrowings, categorized as Level 2, is estimated based on observable market prices and discounted cash flows using interest rates for borrowings of similar remaining maturities and characteristics. The fair value of other long-term borrowings, categorized as Level 3, is based on unobservable inputs determined at the time of origination. 
    
  Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk    The fair value of TCF's commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit, categorized as Level 2, is estimated using fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements. Substantially all commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit have floating interest rates and do not expose TCF to interest rate risk; therefore fair value is approximately equal to carrying value.  
    
  The following tables present the balances of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis: 

(1) 
    As permitted under GAAP, TCF has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists as well as the related cash collateral received and paid. For purposes of this table, the derivative receivable and derivative payable balances are presented gross of this netting adjustment. 
     
   27 

Table of Contents  

(1) 
    As permitted under GAAP, TCF has elected to net derivative receivables and derivative payables when a legally enforceable master netting agreement exists as well as the related cash collateral received and paid. For purposes of this table, the derivative receivable and derivative payable balances are presented gross of this netting adjustment. 
       
  Management assesses the appropriate classification of financial assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy by monitoring the level of availability of observable market information. Changes in markets or economic conditions, as well as changes to Company valuation models may require the transfer of financial instruments from one fair value level to another. Such transfers, if any, are recorded at the fair values as of the beginning of the quarter in which the transfer occurred. TCF had no transfers in the   nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   and   2015  . 

28 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: 

29 

Table of Contents  

Fair Value Option 
    
  TCF Bank originates first mortgage lien loans in its primary banking markets and sells the loans through a correspondent relationship. TCF elected the fair value option for these loans. This election facilitates the offsetting of changes in fair values of the loans held for sale and the derivative financial instruments used to economically hedge them. The following table presents the difference between the aggregate fair value and aggregate unpaid principal balance of these loans held for sale: 

Differences between the fair value carrying amount and the aggregate unpaid principal balance include changes in fair value recorded at and subsequent to funding and gains and losses on the related loan commitment prior to funding.   No   loans recorded under the fair value option were delinquent or on non-accrual status at   September 30, 2016   or   December 31, 2015  . The net gain from initial measurement of the correspondent lending loans held for sale, any subsequent changes in fair value while the loans are outstanding and any actual adjustment to the gains realized upon sales of the loans totaled   $2.1 million   and   $5.9 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $1.7 million   and   $4.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  , and is included in gains on sales of consumer real estate loans, net. This amount excludes the impact from the interest rate lock commitments and forward loan sales commitments which are also included in gains on sales of consumer real estate loans, net. 
    
  Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
    
  Management discloses the estimated fair value of financial instruments, both assets and liabilities on and off the balance sheet, for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. These fair value estimates were made at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , based on relevant market information and information about the financial instruments. Fair value estimates are intended to represent the price at which an asset could be sold or a liability could be settled. However, given there is no active market or observable market transactions for many of the Company's financial instruments, the estimates of fair values are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and include matters of significant judgment. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimated values. 

30 

Table of Contents  

The following tables present the carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company's financial instruments, excluding short-term financial assets and liabilities as their carrying amounts approximate fair value and excluding financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. This information represents only a portion of TCF's balance sheet and not the estimated value of the Company as a whole. Non-financial instruments such as the intangible value of TCF's branches and core deposits, leasing operations, goodwill, premises and equipment and the future revenues from TCF's customers are not reflected in this disclosure. Therefore, this information is of limited use in assessing the value of TCF. 

(1) 
    Expected credit losses are included in the estimated fair values. 
              (2) 
    Carrying amounts are included in other assets. 
              (3) 
    Positive amounts represent assets, negative amounts represent liabilities. 

31 

Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Expected credit losses are included in the estimated fair values. 
              (2) 
    Positive amounts represent assets, negative amounts represent liabilities. 

Note 14  .    Earnings Per Common Share 
    
  TCF's restricted stock awards that pay non-forfeitable common stock dividends meet the criteria of a participating security. Accordingly, earnings per share is calculated using the two-class method under which earnings are allocated to both common shares and participating securities. 

32 

Table of Contents  

All shares of restricted stock are deducted from weighted-average shares outstanding for the computation of basic earnings per common share. Shares of performance-based restricted stock and restricted stock units are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common share, using the treasury stock method, at the beginning of the quarter in which the performance goals have been achieved. All other shares of restricted stock, which vest over specified time periods, stock options and warrants are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per common share using the treasury stock method. 
    
  For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016  , there were   5.1 million   of outstanding shares related to non-participating restricted stock, stock options and warrants that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. For the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2015  , there were   4.4 million   and   4.6 million  , respectively, of outstanding shares related to non-participating restricted stock, stock options and warrants that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive.    

Note 15  .   Other Expense    
    
  Other expense consisted of the following: 

Note 16  .   Business Segments    
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed its reportable segments to align with the way the Company is now managed. The revised presentation of previously reported segment data has been applied retroactively to all periods presented in these financial statements. The new reportable segments are Consumer Banking, Wholesale Banking and Enterprise Services. Consumer Banking is comprised of all of the Company's consumer-facing businesses and includes retail banking, consumer real estate and auto finance. Wholesale Banking is comprised of commercial real estate and business lending, leasing and equipment finance and inventory finance. Enterprise Services is comprised of (i) corporate treasury, which includes TCF's investment and borrowing portfolios and management of capital, debt and market risks; (ii) corporate functions, such as information technology, risk and credit management, bank operations, finance and human resources, that provide services to the operating segments; (iii) the Holding Company; (iv) and eliminations. 
    
  TCF evaluates performance and allocates resources based on each reportable segment's net income or loss. The reportable segments follow GAAP as described in   Note 1  , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in Item 8 of TCF's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, except for the accounting for intercompany interest income and interest expense, which are eliminated in consolidation, and presenting net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis. TCF generally accounts for inter-segment sales and transfers at cost. 

33 

Table of Contents  

The following tables set forth certain information for each of TCF's reportable segments, including a reconciliation of TCF's consolidated totals: 

34 

Table of Contents  

Note 17  .    Litigation Contingencies 
    
  From time to time TCF is a party to legal proceedings arising out of its lending, leasing and deposit operations, including foreclosure proceedings and other collection actions as part of its lending and leasing collections activities. TCF may also be subject to regulatory examinations and enforcement actions brought by federal regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") and TCF's regulatory authorities may impose sanctions on TCF for failures related to regulatory compliance. From time to time borrowers and other customers, and employees and former employees have also brought actions against TCF, in some cases claiming substantial damages. TCF and other financial services companies are subject to the risk of class action litigation. Litigation is often unpredictable and the actual results of litigation cannot be determined and therefore the ultimate resolution of a matter and the possible range of loss associated with certain potential outcomes cannot be established. Except as discussed below, based on our current understanding of TCF's pending legal proceedings, management does not believe that judgments or settlements arising from pending or threatened legal matters, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, operating results or cash flows of TCF. 

35 

Table of Contents  

On October 29, 2015, TCF received a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise letter ("NORA Letter") from the CFPB notifying TCF that the CFPB's Office of Enforcement is considering recommending that the CFPB take legal action against TCF related to compliance with laws relating to unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices and Regulation E,  1005.17, in connection with TCF's practices in administering checking account overdraft program "opt-in" requirements. The purpose of a NORA Letter is to ensure that potential subjects of enforcement actions have the opportunity to present their positions to the CFPB before an enforcement action is recommended or commenced and TCF has provided the CFPB with a written statement setting forth the reasons of law and policy why it believes that the CFPB should not take action. TCF is in discussions with the CFPB and is seeking to reach an appropriate resolution of the matter. We are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of this matter. There can be no assurance that the CFPB will not utilize its enforcement authority through settlement, administrative proceedings or litigation and seek remediation, disgorgement, penalties, other monetary relief, injunctive relief or changes to TCF's business practices or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on TCF. 

Note 18  .    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
    
  The components of other comprehensive income (loss) and the related tax effects are presented in the table below. 

(1)  
    Foreign investments are deemed to be permanent in nature and therefore TCF does not provide for taxes on foreign currency translation adjustments. 
       
  Reclassifications of net (gains) losses to net income for securities available for sale and interest-only strips were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income in gains (losses) on securities, net for sales of securities, in interest income for those securities that were previously transferred to held to maturity and in other non-interest expense for interest-only strips. During 2014, TCF transferred   $191.7 million   of available for sale mortgage-backed securities to held to maturity. At   September 30, 2016   and   2015  , the unrealized holding loss on the transferred securities retained in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) totaled   $13.3 million   and   $15.1 million  , respectively. These amounts are amortized over the remaining lives of the transferred securities. The tax effect of these reclassifications was recorded in income tax expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See   Note 11  ,   Employee Benefit Plans  , for additional information regarding TCF's recognized postretirement prior service cost. 

36 

Table of Contents  

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) balances are presented in the table below. 

37 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Item 2.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
    
  TCF Financial Corporation (together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, "we," "us," "our," "TCF" or the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, is a national bank holding company based in Wayzata, Minnesota. References herein to "TCF Financial" or the "Holding Company" refer to TCF Financial Corporation on an unconsolidated basis. Its principal subsidiary, TCF National Bank ("TCF Bank"), is headquartered in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.   At September 30, 2016  , TCF had   341   branches in Illinois, Minnesota, Michigan, Colorado, Wisconsin, Arizona and South Dakota (TCF's primary banking markets). At December 31, 2015, TCF's primary banking markets also included Indiana.  
    
  TCF provides convenient financial services through multiple channels in its primary banking markets. TCF has developed products and services designed to meet the specific needs of the largest consumer segments in the market. The Company focuses on attracting and retaining customers through service and convenience, including select locations open seven days a week with extended hours and on most holidays, full-service supermarket branches, access to automated teller machine ("ATM") networks and internet, mobile and telephone banking. TCF's philosophy is to generate interest income, fees and other revenue growth through business lines that emphasize higher yielding assets and low interest cost deposits. TCF's growth strategies include organic growth in existing businesses, development of new products and services, new customer acquisition and acquisitions of portfolios or businesses. New products and services are designed to build on existing businesses and expand into complementary products and services through strategic initiatives. Funded generally through retail deposit generation, TCF continues to focus on profitable asset growth in its leasing and equipment finance, inventory finance and auto finance lending businesses. 
    
  Net interest income, the difference between interest income earned on loans and leases, securities, investments and other interest-earning assets (interest income) and interest paid on deposits and borrowings (interest expense), represented   63.9%   and   64.5%   of TCF's total revenue for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   64.6%   and   65.3%   for the same periods in   2015  . Net interest income can change significantly from period to period based on interest rates, customer prepayment patterns, the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and the volume and mix of interest-bearing and non-interest bearing deposits and borrowings. TCF manages the risk of changes in interest rates on its net interest income through a management Asset   Liability Committee and through related interest rate risk monitoring and management policies. See "Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" and "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" for further discussion. 
    
  Non-interest income is a significant source of revenue for TCF and an important component of TCF's results of operations. Providing a wide range of retail banking services is an integral component of TCF's business philosophy. Key drivers of bank fees and service charges are the number of deposit accounts and related transaction activity. As an effort to diversify TCF's non-interest income sources and manage credit concentration risk, TCF continues to sell or securitize loans, primarily in consumer real estate and auto finance, which result in gains on sales as well as increased servicing fee income through the growth of the portfolio of loans sold with servicing retained by TCF. In addition, growth in the leasing and equipment finance lending business results in increased non-interest income from sales-type and operating leases. 
    
  The following portions of this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ("Management's Discussion and Analysis") focus in more detail on the results of operations for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  , and on information about TCF's balance sheet, loan and lease portfolio, liquidity, funding resources, capital and other matters. 

Results of Operations 

Performance Summary    TCF reported diluted earnings per common share of   31 cent  s and   88 cent  s for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   29 cent  s and   78 cent  s for the same periods in   2015  . TCF reported net income of   $56.3 million   and   $162.0 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $52.6 million   and   $144.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
    
  Return on average assets was   1.12%   and   1.07%   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   1.10%   and   1.02%   for the same periods in   2015  . Return on average common equity was   9.59%   and   9.39%   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   9.76%   and   9.07%   for the same periods in   2015  . 
  
   38 

Table of Contents  

Reportable Segment Results 
    
  Effective January 1, 2016, the Company changed its reportable segments to align with the way the Company is now managed. The revised presentation of previously reported segment data has been applied retroactively to all periods presented. The new reportable segments are Consumer Banking, Wholesale Banking and Enterprise Services. Previously, the Company's reportable segments were Lending, Funding and Support Services.  
  Consumer Banking 
  Consumer Banking is comprised of all of the Company's consumer-facing businesses and includes retail banking, consumer real estate and auto finance. TCF's consumer banking strategy is primarily to generate deposits to use for funding high credit quality secured loans and leases. Deposits are generated from consumers and small businesses to provide a source of low cost funds and fee income, with a focus on building and maintaining quality customer relationships. The Consumer Banking segment generates a significant portion of the Company's net interest income and non-interest income from fees and service charges, card revenue, ATM revenue, gains on sales of loans and servicing fee income and incurs a significant portion of the Company's provision for credit losses and non-interest expense.  
  Consumer Banking generated net income available to common stockholders of   $34.5 million   and   $94.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $30.5 million   and   $81.0 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
  Consumer Banking net interest income totaled   $140.9 million   and   $420.9 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $136.2 million   and   $402.1 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to higher average balances of loans held for sale and auto finance loans. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily driven by higher average balances of auto finance loans and loans held for sale. The increases from both periods were partially offset by lower interest income from consumer real estate first mortgage lien loan balances and higher interest expense on certificates of deposit. 
  Consumer Banking provision for credit losses totaled   $10.7 million   and   $36.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $8.3 million   and   $30.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase  s from both periods were primarily due to increased reserve requirements related to growth and higher charge-offs in the auto finance portfolio. 
  Consumer Banking non-interest income totaled   $89.4 million   and   $254.1 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $81.5 million   and   $239.8 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to increases in net gains on sales of consumer real estate loans, servicing fee income due to the cumulative effect of the increase in the portfolio of loans sold with servicing retained by TCF and net gains on sales of auto loans, partially offset by a decrease in fees and service charges. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to increases in servicing fee income due to the cumulative effect of the increase in the portfolio of loans sold with servicing retained by TCF and net gains on sales of auto loans and net gains on sales of consumer real estate loans, partially offset by a decrease in fees and service charges. Net gains on sales of auto loans totaled   $11.6 million   and   $33.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $10.4 million   and   $27.4 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Net gains on sales of consumer real estate loans totaled   $13.5 million   and   $33.8 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $7.1 million   and   $27.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Servicing fee income attributable to the Consumer Banking segment totaled   $10.1 million   and   $27.5 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $7.5 million   and   $21.0 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Average consumer real estate and auto loans serviced for others were   $4.8 billion   and   $4.5 billion   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $3.7 billion   and   $3.5 billion   for the same periods in   2015  . Fees and service charges attributable to the Consumer Banking segment totaled   $33.3 million   and   $97.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $35.5 million   and   $102.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   decrease  s from both periods were primarily attributable to ongoing consumer behavior changes, as well as higher average checking account balances per customer. 
  
   39 

Table of Contents  

Consumer Banking non-interest expense totaled   $165.7 million   and   $491.6 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $160.6 million   and   $482.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The increase from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to higher occupancy and equipment expense, higher impairment charges on interest-only strips and higher severance expense, partially offset by decreases in compensation and benefits expense and net expense related to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets due primarily to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer consumer properties and lower write-downs on existing foreclosed consumer properties. The   increase   in non-interest expense from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to higher occupancy and equipment expense and branch realignment expense of   $3.5 million   related to the pending closure of two traditional branches and the closure of 33 in-store branches. There was   no   branch realignment expense during   2015  . In addition, compensation and benefits expense increased from the first   nine   months of   2015   primarily due to increased staff levels to support the growth of auto finance and higher incentives based on production results. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in net expense related to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets due to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer consumer properties, lower write-downs on existing foreclosed consumer properties and higher gains on sales of consumer properties, as well as a decrease in FDIC insurance expense. 
  Wholesale Banking 
  Wholesale Banking is comprised of commercial real estate and business lending, leasing and equipment finance and inventory finance. TCF's wholesale banking strategy is primarily to originate high credit quality secured loans and leases for investment. 
  Wholesale Banking generated net income available to common stockholders of   $31.8 million   and   $98.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $31.8 million   and   $92.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
  Wholesale Banking net interest income totaled   $85.7 million   and   $257.9 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $83.7 million   and   $254.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase  s from both periods were primarily due to higher interest income from inventory finance loans and higher average loan and lease balances in the leasing and equipment finance portfolio. 
  Wholesale Banking provision for credit losses totaled   $3.2 million   and   $9.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $1.7 million   and   $5.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase  s from both periods were primarily due to increased reserve requirements related to growth and higher net charge-offs in the leasing and equipment finance portfolio. 
  Wholesale Banking non-interest income totaled   $30.4 million   and   $94.8 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $29.9 million   and   $84.5 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase     from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to an increase in leasing and equipment finance income due to higher operating lease revenue, partially offset by a decrease in sales-type lease revenue. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to an increase in leasing and equipment finance income due to higher operating lease revenue, sales-type lease revenue and gains on non-recourse sales. 
  Wholesale Banking non-interest expense totaled   $61.4 million   and   $184.2 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $59.4 million   and   $180.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to increases in (i) allocated costs due to the further build out of risk management and credit, and (ii) operating lease depreciation, partially offset by decreases in (iii) compensation and benefits expense, and (iv) net expense related to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets primarily due to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer commercial properties and lower write-downs on existing foreclosed commercial properties. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to increases in (i) allocated costs due to the further build out of risk management and credit, and (ii) operating lease depreciation, partially offset by decreases in (iii) net expense related to foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets due to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer commercial properties, lower write-downs on existing foreclosed commercial properties and higher gains on sales of commercial properties, (iv) compensation and benefits expense, and (v) occupancy and equipment expense. 
  
   40 

Table of Contents  

Enterprise Services 
  Enterprise Services is comprised of (i) corporate treasury, which includes the Company's investment and borrowing portfolios and management of capital, debt and market risks, (ii) corporate functions, such as information technology, risk and credit management, bank operations, finance and human resources, that provide services to the operating segments, (iii) the Holding Company and (iv) eliminations. The Company's investment portfolio accounts for the earning assets within this segment. Borrowings may be used to offset reductions in deposits or to support lending activities. This segment also includes residual revenues and expenses representing the difference between actual amounts incurred by Enterprise Services and amounts allocated to the operating segments, including interest rate risk residuals, such as funds transfer pricing mismatches. 
  Enterprise Services generated a net loss available to common stockholders of   $14.9 million   and   $45.1 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with a net loss of   $14.5 million   and   $43.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
  Enterprise Services net interest expense totaled   $14.6 million   and   $42.1 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $14.6 million   and   $41.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily driven by an increase in funds transfer pricing mismatches, partially offset by an increase in interest income attributable to higher average balances of securities available for sale. 
  Enterprise Services non-interest income totaled   $(0.1) million   and   $1.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $0.9 million   and   $2.1 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   decrease   from the   third   quarter of   2015   was due to net losses recognized on the change in value of an interest rate swap agreement and the change in value of the related subordinated debt. The   decrease   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to a gain of $1.7 million related to appreciation of an investment that was donated to the TCF Foundation in the first quarter of 2015, partially offset by net gains recognized on the change in value of an interest rate swap agreement and the change in value of the related subordinated debt. 
  Enterprise Services non-interest expense totaled   $1.8 million   and   $8.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $2.2 million   and   $9.0 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The decreases from both periods were primarily due to an increase in recoveries of allocated expenses and a decrease in occupancy and equipment expense, partially offset by an increase in compensation and benefits expense.  
   
  Consolidated Income Statement Analysis 

Net Interest Income    Net interest income represented   63.9%   and   64.5%   of TCF's total revenue for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   64.6%   and   65.3%   for the same periods in   2015  . Net interest income was   $212.0 million   and   $636.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $205.3 million   and   $614.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the   third     quarter of     2015   was primarily due to higher interest income from inventory finance loans and higher average balances of (i) loans and leases held for sale, (ii) securities available for sale, (iii) auto finance loans and (iv) leasing and equipment finance loans and leases. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to higher average balances of auto finance loans, inventory finance loans, loans and leases held for sale, and securities available for sale. The   increase  s from both periods were partially offset by lower interest income from consumer real estate first mortgage lien loan balances and higher interest expense on certificates of deposit.  
    
  Net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis divided by average interest-earning assets is referred to as the net interest margin, expressed as a percentage. Net interest income and net interest margin are affected by (i) changes in prevailing short- and long-term interest rates, (ii) loan and deposit pricing strategies and competitive conditions,    (iii) the volume and mix of interest-earning assets, non-interest bearing deposits and interest-bearing liabilities,                           (iv) the level of non-accrual loans and leases and other real estate owned and (v) the impact of modified loans and leases. 
    
  Net interest margin was   4.34%   and   4.35%   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   4.40%   and   4.45%   for the same periods in   2015  . The   decrease  s from both periods were primarily due to higher average interest rates resulting from promotions for certificates of deposit. The decrease from the first   nine   months of   2015   was also due to margin compression resulting from the impact of the ongoing low interest rate environment.   
  
   41 

Table of Contents  

The following tables summarize TCF's average balances, interest, dividends and yields and rates on major categories 
  of TCF's interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities on a fully tax-equivalent basis: 

(1) 
    Interest and yields are presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis. 
              (2) 
    Annualized. 
              (3) 
    Average balances and yields of securities available for sale are based upon historical amortized cost and exclude equity securities. 
              (4) 
    The yield on tax-exempt securities available for sale is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for all periods presented. 
              (5) 
    Average balances of loans and leases include non-accrual loans and leases and are presented net of unearned income. 
      
   42 

Table of Contents  

(1) 
    Interest and yields are presented on a fully tax-equivalent basis. 
              (2) 
    Annualized. 
              (3) 
    Average balances and yields of securities available for sale are based upon historical amortized cost and exclude equity securities. 
              (4) 
    The yield on tax-exempt securities available for sale is computed on a tax-equivalent basis using a statutory federal income tax rate of 35% for all periods presented. 
              (5) 
    Average balances of loans and leases include non-accrual loans and leases and are presented net of unearned income. 

43 

Table of Contents  

Provision for Credit Losses    The provision for credit losses is calculated as part of the determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses, which is a critical accounting estimate. TCF's evaluation of incurred losses is based upon historical loss rates multiplied by the respective portfolio's loss emergence period. Factors utilized in the determination and allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the related provision for credit losses include historical trends in loss rates, a portfolio's overall risk characteristics, changes in its character or size, risk rating migration, delinquencies, collateral values, economic outlook and prevailing economic conditions.  
    
  The following tables summarize the composition of TCF's provision for credit losses for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   and   2015  : 

N.M. Not Meaningful. 
    
  TCF provided   $13.9 million   and   $46.0 million   for credit losses during the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $10.0 million   and   $35.3 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase  s from both periods were primarily due to increased reserve requirements related to growth and higher net charge-offs in the auto finance and leasing and equipment finance portfolios. 
    
  Net loan and lease charge-offs for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   were   $11.5 million   and   $33.5 million  , respectively, or   0.26%   (annualized) and   0.25%   (annualized) of average loans and leases, respectively, compared with   $9.9 million   and   $39.0 million  , or   0.23%   (annualized) and   0.31%   (annualized) for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the   third   quarter of   2015   was primarily due to increased net charge-offs in the auto finance and leasing and equipment finance portfolios, partially offset by improved credit quality in the consumer real estate portfolio.  The decrease from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to improved credit quality in the consumer real estate portfolio, partially offset by increased net charge-offs in the auto finance and leasing and equipment finance portfolios.  
    
  For additional information, see "Consolidated Financial Condition Analysis   Credit Quality" in this Management's Discussion and Analysis and   Note 5  ,   Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality Information   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

44 

Table of Contents  

Non-interest Income    Non-interest income is a significant source of revenue for TCF, representing   36.1%   and   35.5%   of total revenue for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   35.4%   and   34.7%   for the same periods in   2015  , and is an important factor in TCF's results of operations. Total fees and other revenue were   $120.3 million   and   $350.9 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $112.4 million   and   $326.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . 
    
  Fees and Service Charges    Fees and service charges totaled   $35.1 million   and   $102.5 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $37.0 million   and   $107.3 million   for the same periods in   2015  . Fees and service charges represented   64.8%   and   64.3%   of banking fee revenue for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   65.4%   and   65.3%   for the same periods in   2015  . The   decrease  s from both periods were primarily due to ongoing consumer behavior changes, as well as higher average checking account balances per customer. 
    
  Gains on Sales of Auto Loans, Net    Net gains on sales of auto loans totaled   $11.6 million   and   $33.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $10.4 million   and   $27.4 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The increases from both periods were primarily due to increased volume of loans sold. See   Note 4  ,   Loans and Leases   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Gains on Sales of Consumer Real Estate Loans, Net    Net gains on sales of consumer real estate loans totaled   $13.5 million   and   $33.8 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $7.1 million   and   $27.9 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The increases from both periods were primarily due to increased volume of loans sold. See   Note 4  ,   Loans and Leases   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
    
  Servicing Fee Income    Servicing fee income totaled   $10.4 million   and   $28.8 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $8.0 million   and   $22.6 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase  s from both periods were primarily due to the cumulative effect of the increases in the portfolios of auto and consumer real estate loans sold with servicing retained by TCF. Average loans and leases serviced for others were   $5.1 billion   and   $4.7 billion   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $4.0 billion   and   $3.7 billion   for the same periods in   2015  . 
    
  Leasing and Equipment Finance    Leasing and equipment finance income totaled   $28.3 million   and   $87.9 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $27.2 million   and   $75.8 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from     the     third     quarter of     2015   was primary due to higher operating lease revenue, partially offset by a decrease in sales-type lease revenue. The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to higher operating lease revenue, sales-type lease revenue and gains on non-recourse sales. 

Non-interest Expense    Non-interest expense totaled   $228.9 million   and   $684.5 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $222.3 million   and   $672.2 million   for the same periods in   2015  .  
    
  Compensation and Employee Benefits    Compensation and employee benefits expense totaled   $117.2 million   and   $359.7 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $116.7 million   and   $348.7 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to increased staff levels to support the growth of auto finance and higher incentives based on production results. 
    
  Other Non-interest Expense    Other non-interest expense totaled   $49.9 million   and   $143.2 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $45.8 million   and   $139.8 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   increase   from     the     third     quarter of     2015   was primarily due to impairment charges of   $2.4 million   on interest-only strips and an increase in severance expense. Included within other non-interest expense is branch realignment expense of   $3.5 million   for the first   nine   months of   2016   related to the pending closure of two traditional branches and the closure of 33 in-store branches. There was   no   branch realignment expense during   2015  . 

45 

Table of Contents  

Foreclosed Real Estate and Repossessed Assets, Net   Foreclosed real estate and repossessed assets expense, net totaled   $4.2 million   and   $11.3 million   for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   $5.7 million   and   $18.3 million   for the same periods in   2015  . The   decrease   from     the     third     quarter of     2015   was primarily due to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer consumer and commercial properties and lower write-downs on existing foreclosed consumer properties, partially offset by lower gains on sales of consumer and commercial properties and higher repossessed asset expense. The   decrease   from the first   nine   months of   2015   was primarily due to lower operating costs associated with maintaining fewer consumer and commercial properties, lower write-downs on existing foreclosed consumer and commercial properties and higher gains on sales of consumer and commercial properties, partially offset by higher repossessed asset expense. 

Income Taxes    Income tax expense was   34.0%   and   33.8%   of income before income tax expense for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   35.8%   and   35.2%   for the same periods in   2015  .   The lower effective income tax rates from both periods were primarily due to increased investments in tax-exempt securities. 

Consolidated Financial Condition Analysis 

Securities Available for Sale and Securities Held to Maturity    Total securities available for sale were   $1.4 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an increase of   59.7%   from   $0.9 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . TCF's securities available for sale portfolio consists primarily of fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association ("Fannie Mae") and obligations of states and political subdivisions. Total securities held to maturity were   $185.2 million   at   September 30, 2016  , a decrease of   8.3%   from   $201.9 million   at   December 31, 2015  . TCF's securities held to maturity portfolio consists primarily of fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities issued by Fannie Mae. TCF may, from time to time, sell securities and utilize the proceeds to reduce borrowings, fund growth in loans and leases or for other corporate purposes.  
    
  The amortized cost, fair value and fully tax-equivalent yield of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity by final contractual maturity at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015   are shown below. The remaining contractual principal maturities do not consider possible prepayments. Remaining expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay.  

46 

Table of Contents  

Loans and Leases    Total loans and leases were   $17.4 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Loans and leases consisted of the following:  

Consumer Real Estate    The consumer real estate portfolio consisted of   $2.3 billion   of first mortgage lien loans and   $2.7 billion   of junior lien loans at   September 30, 2016  ,   decrease  s of   11.9%   and   5.8%   from   $2.6 billion   and   $2.8 billion   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The   decrease   in first mortgage lien loans was primarily due to run-off. At   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   70.5%   and   74.0%  , respectively, of TCF's consumer real estate portfolio  were in TCF's primary banking markets. At   September 30, 2016  ,   56.4%   of the consumer real estate portfolio carried a variable interest rate tied to the prime rate, compared with   54.6%   at   December 31, 2015  . The average Fair Isaac Corporation ("FICO       ") credit score at loan origination for the consumer real estate portfolio was   735   at   September 30, 2016   and   734   at   December 31, 2015  . As part of TCF's credit risk monitoring, TCF obtains updated FICO score information quarterly. The average updated FICO score for the consumer real estate portfolio was   733   at   September 30, 2016   and   731   at   December 31, 2015  . At   September 30, 2016  ,   59.4%   of the consumer real estate portfolio had been originated since January 1, 2009 with annualized net charge-offs of less than   0.01%  . 
    
  The consumer real estate junior lien portfolio was comprised of   $2.4 billion   of home equity lines of credit and   $292.2 million   of amortizing consumer real estate junior lien mortgage loans at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $2.5 billion   and   $345.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively.  
    
  Commercial Real Estate and Business Lending    The commercial real estate and business lending portfolio consisted of   $2.5 billion   of commercial real estate loans and   $634.2 million   of commercial business loans at   September 30, 2016  , a   decrease   of   3.0%   and an   increase   of   14.8%   from   $2.6 billion   and   $552.4 million   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016  ,   81.5%   of TCF's commercial real estate loans outstanding were secured by properties located in its primary banking markets, compared with   84.1%   at   December 31, 2015  . While commercial real estate collateral is generally located in TCF's primary banking markets, commercial real estate lending follows its strong, proven sponsors into other markets. With an emphasis on secured lending,   99.9%   of TCF's total commercial loans were secured either by properties or other business assets at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . Variable and adjustable-rate loans represented   69.8%   of total commercial loans outstanding at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   67.2%   at   December 31, 2015  . The increase in variable and adjustable-rate loans as a percentage of total commercial loans was primarily due to customers shifting from higher yielding fixed-rate loans to lower yielding variable-rate loans. 
    
  Leasing and Equipment Finance    The leasing and equipment finance portfolio consisted of   $2.2 billion   of leases and   $2.0 billion   of loans at   September 30, 2016  ,   increase  s of   6.5%     and   4.6%   from   $2.1 billion   of leases and   $1.9 billion   of loans at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The uninstalled backlog of approved transactions was   $500.8 million   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $446.3 million   at   December 31, 2015  . 

47 

Table of Contents  

Inventory Finance    The inventory finance portfolio totaled   $2.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   5.3%   from   $2.1 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   was primarily due to an increase within lawn and garden, combined with expansion of the number of active dealers. TCF's inventory finance customers included more than   10,800   active dealers at   September 30, 2016  , compared with more than   10,500   active dealers at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Auto Finance    The auto finance portfolio totaled   $2.7 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   3.2%   from   $2.6 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   was due to the maturation of the business model. The auto finance network included dealers in all   50   states and more than   11,700   active dealers at   September 30, 2016  , compared with more than   11,800   active dealers at   December 31, 2015  . The auto finance portfolio consisted of   22.9%   new auto loans and   77.1%   used auto loans at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   24.4%   and   75.6%   at   December 31, 2015  , respectively. The average original FICO score for the auto finance held for investment portfolio was   729   and   725   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 

Credit Quality    The following summarizes TCF's loan and lease portfolio based on the credit quality factors that TCF believes are the most important and should be considered to understand the overall condition of the portfolio.  
    
  Past Due Loans and Leases    The following table summarizes TCF's over 60-day delinquent loan and lease portfolio by type, excluding non-accrual loans and leases. Delinquent balances are determined based on the contractual terms of the loan or lease. See   Note 5  ,   Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality Information   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Loan Modifications    The following table provides a summary of accruing troubled debt restructuring ("TDR") loans: 

Accruing TDR loans at   September 30, 2016     decrease  d   $5.6 million  , or   4.1%  , from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to the improved credit quality in the consumer real estate and commercial portfolios and continued strong customer payment performance in the consumer real estate portfolio. 

48 

Table of Contents  

TCF modifies loans through reductions in interest rates, extension of payment dates, term extensions or term extensions with a reduction of contractual payments, but generally not through reductions of principal. 
    
  Loan modifications to borrowers who have not been granted concessions are not included in the table above. Loan modifications to troubled borrowers are not reported as TDR loans in the calendar years after modification if the loans were modified to an interest rate equal to or greater than the yields of new loan originations with comparable risk at the time of restructuring and if the loan is performing based on the restructured terms; however, these loans are still considered impaired and follow TCF's impaired loan reserve policies. 
    
  TCF typically reduces a consumer real estate customer's contractual payments by reducing the interest rate by an amount appropriate for the borrower's financial condition. Loans discharged in Chapter 7 bankruptcy where the borrower did not reaffirm the debt are reported as non-accrual TDR loans upon discharge as a result of the removal of the borrower's personal liability on the loan. These loans may return to accrual status when TCF expects full repayment of the remaining pre-discharged contractual principal and interest. Although loans classified as TDR loans are considered impaired, TCF received more than   63.0%   and   62.0%   of the original contractual interest due on accruing consumer real estate TDR loans during the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, yielding   4.3%   and   4.2%  , by modifying the loans to qualified customers instead of foreclosing on the property.  
    
  Commercial loans modified when on non-accrual status continue to be reported as non-accrual loans until there is sustained repayment performance for a reasonable period of at least six consecutive months. At   September 30, 2016  ,   79.8%   of total commercial TDR loans were accruing and TCF recognized more than   92.0%   and   91.0%   of the original contractual interest due on accruing commercial TDR loans during the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively. At   September 30, 2016  , collection of principal and interest under the modified terms was reasonably assured on all accruing commercial TDR loans. 
    
  TCF previously utilized a multiple note structure as a workout alternative for certain commercial loans, which restructured a troubled loan into two notes. When utilizing this multiple note structure, the first note was always classified as a TDR loan. Under TCF policy, the first note was established at an amount and with market terms that provide reasonable assurance of payment and performance. If the loan was modified at an interest rate equal to the yield of a new loan originated with comparable risk at the time of restructuring and the loan is performing based on the terms of the restructuring agreement, this note may be removed from TDR loan classification in the calendar year after modification. This note is reported on accrual status if the loan has been formally restructured so as to be reasonably assured of payment and performance according to its modified terms. This evaluation includes consideration of the customer's payment performance for a reasonable period of at least six consecutive months, which may include time prior to the restructuring, before the loan is returned to accrual status. The second note is charged-off. This second note is a separate and distinct legal contract and is still outstanding. Should the borrower's financial position improve, the loan may become recoverable. At   September 30, 2016  ,   one   TDR loan restructured as multiple notes with a combined total contractual balance of   $9.9 million   and a remaining book balance of   $9.4 million   is included in the preceding table. 
    
  See   Note 5  ,   Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality Information   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding TCF's loan modifications. 

49 

Table of Contents  

Non-accrual Loans and Leases and Other Real Estate Owned    The following table summarizes TCF's non-accrual loans and leases and other real estate owned: 

Non-accrual loans and leases at   September 30, 2016     decrease  d   $10.4 million  , or   5.2%  , from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to improving credit quality trends in the consumer real estate portfolio.  
    
  The following table summarizes TCF's non-accrual TDR loans included in the table above: 

50 

Table of Contents  

Consumer real estate loans are generally placed on non-accrual status once they become 90 days past due and are charged-off to the estimated fair value of underlying collateral, less estimated selling costs, no later than 150 days past due. Delinquent consumer real estate junior lien loans are also placed on non-accrual status when there is evidence that the related third-party first lien mortgage may be 90 or more days past due, or foreclosure, charge-off or collection action has been initiated. Commercial loans are generally placed on non-accrual status once they become 90 days past due unless they are well secured and in the process of collection. Regardless of whether contractual principal and interest payments are well secured, equipment finance loans that are 90 or more days past due are generally placed on non-accrual status. Auto loans will be charged-off in full no later than 120 days past due, unless repossession is reasonably assured and in process, in which case the loan would be charged-off to the fair value of the collateral, less estimated selling costs. Auto loans in bankruptcy status may be placed on non-accrual status or partially charged-off to the fair value of the collateral prior to 120 days past due based on specific criteria. TDR loans are placed on non-accrual status prior to the past due thresholds outlined above if repayment under the modified terms is not likely after performing a well-documented credit analysis. Any necessary additional reserves are established for commercial loans, leasing and equipment finance loans and leases, and inventory finance loans when reported as non-accrual. Loans on non-accrual status are generally reported as non-accrual loans until there is sustained repayment performance for six consecutive months, with the exception of loans not reaffirmed upon discharge under Chapter 7 bankruptcy which remain on non-accrual status until a well-documented credit analysis indicates full repayment of the remaining pre-discharged contractual principal and interest is likely. Most of TCF's non-accrual loans and past due loans are secured by real estate. Given the nature of these assets and the related mortgage foreclosure, property sale and, if applicable, mortgage insurance claims processes, it can take 18 months or longer for a loan to migrate from initial delinquency to final disposition. This resolution process generally takes much longer for loans secured by real estate than for unsecured loans or loans secured by other property primarily due to state real estate foreclosure laws. 
    
  Changes in the amount of non-accrual loans and leases for the   three and nine   months ended   September 30, 2016   are summarized in the following tables:  

51 

Table of Contents  

Loan Credit Classifications    TCF assesses the risk of its loan and lease portfolio utilizing numerous risk characteristics as outlined in the previous sections. Loan credit classifications are an additional characteristic that is closely monitored in the overall credit risk process. Loan credit classifications are derived from standard regulatory rating definitions, which include: accruing non-classified (pass and special mention) and accruing classified (substandard and doubtful). Accruing classified loans and leases have well-defined weaknesses, but may never become non-accrual or result in a loss. 
    
  The following tables summarize accruing loans and leases by portfolio and regulatory classification and non-accrual loans and leases by portfolio: 

The combined balance of accruing classified loans and leases and non-accrual loans and leases was   $402.5 million   at   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   $8.3 million   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to an increase in leasing and equipment finance and inventory finance classified loans, partially offset by a decrease in consumer real estate classified loans. Non-accrual loans and leases at   September 30, 2016     decrease  d   $10.4 million   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to improving credit quality trends in the consumer real estate portfolio. 
    
  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses    The determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses is a critical accounting estimate. TCF's evaluation of incurred losses is based upon historical loss rates multiplied by the respective portfolio's loss emergence period. Factors utilized in the determination of the amount of the allowance include historical trends in loss rates, a portfolio's overall risk characteristics, changes in its character or size, risk rating migration, delinquencies, collateral values, economic outlook and prevailing economic conditions. The various factors used in the methodologies are reviewed on a periodic basis. 

52 

Table of Contents  

The Company considers the allowance for loan and lease losses of   $155.8 million     appropriate to cover losses incurred in the loan and lease portfolios at   September 30, 2016  . However, no assurance can be given that TCF will not, in any particular period, sustain loan and lease losses that are sizable in relation to the amount reserved or will not require significant changes in the balance of the allowance for loan and lease losses due to subsequent evaluations of the loan and lease portfolios, in light of factors then prevailing, including economic conditions, information obtained during TCF's ongoing credit review process or regulatory requirements. Among other factors, an economic slowdown, increasing levels of unemployment and/or a decline in collateral values may have an adverse impact on the current adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses by increasing credit risk and the risk of potential loss. 
    
  The total allowance for loan and lease losses is generally available to absorb losses from any segment of the portfolio. The allocation of TCF's allowance for loan and lease losses disclosed in the following table is subject to change based on changes in the criteria used to evaluate the allowance and is not necessarily indicative of the trend of future losses in any particular portfolio. 
    
  In conjunction with   Note 5  ,   Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses and Credit Quality Information   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the following table includes detailed information regarding TCF's allowance for loan and lease losses. 

N.A. Not Applicable. 

Other Real Estate Owned and Repossessed and Returned Assets    Other real estate owned and repossessed and returned assets are summarized in the following table: 

(1)  
    Includes properties owned and foreclosed properties subject to redemption. 
       
  Total consumer real estate properties reported in other real estate owned included   179   owned properties and   68   foreclosed properties subject to redemption at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   297   and   113  , respectively, at   December 31, 2015  . The   decrease   in owned properties resulted from the sales of   443   properties, partially offset by the addition of   325   properties. The average length of time to sell consumer real estate properties during the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015   was approximately   6.9   months and   5.9   months, respectively, from the date the properties were transferred to other real estate owned. Consumer real estate loans in process of foreclosure were valued at   $38.0 million   and   $44.5 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
  
   53 

Table of Contents  

The changes in the amount of other real estate owned for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016   are summarized in the following tables:  

Liquidity Management    TCF manages its liquidity to ensure that the funding needs of depositors and borrowers are met both promptly and in a cost-effective manner. Asset liquidity arises from the ability to convert assets to cash as well as from the maturity of assets. Liability liquidity results from the ability of TCF to maintain a diverse set of funding sources to promptly meet funding requirements. 
    
  TCF Bank had   $327.7 million   and   $538.7 million   of net liquidity qualifying interest-bearing deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Interest-bearing deposits held at the Federal Reserve Bank and unencumbered U.S. Government sponsored enterprises and federal agencies mortgage-backed securities were   $1.3 billion   at both   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . In addition, TCF held unencumbered obligations of states and political subdivisions totaling   $614.5 million   and   $266.9 million   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. 
    
  Deposits are the primary source of TCF's funds for use in lending and for other general business purposes. In addition to deposits, TCF derives funds from loan and lease repayments, loan sales and securitizations, and borrowings. Lending activities, such as loan originations and purchases and equipment purchases for lease financing, are the primary uses of TCF's funds. 
    
  The primary source of funding for TCF Commercial Finance Canada, Inc. ("TCFCFC") is a line of credit with TCF Bank. TCFCFC also maintains a   $20.0 million   Canadian dollar-denominated line of credit facility with a counterparty, which is guaranteed by TCF Bank. The TCFCFC line of credit with the counterparty was unused at both   September 30, 2016     and     December 31, 2015  . 

54 

Table of Contents  

Deposits    Deposits totaled   $17.2 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , an   increase   of   3.1%   from   December 31, 2015  , primarily due to special campaigns for certificates of deposit. Certificates of deposit totaled   $4.3 billion   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   $3.9 billion   at   December 31, 2015  . 
    
  Non-interest bearing checking accounts represented   19.4%   of total deposits at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   19.1%   at   December 31, 2015  . TCF's weighted-average rate for deposits, including non-interest bearing deposits, was   0.36%   at   September 30, 2016  , compared with   0.30%   at   December 31, 2015  . The   increase   was primarily due to increased average interest rates resulting from promotions for certificates of deposit. 
    
  Checking, savings and certain money market deposits are an important source of low or no interest cost funds for TCF. The average balance of these types of deposits was   $10.6 billion   for both the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , compared with   $10.0 billion   for the same periods in   2015  . These deposits comprised   61.9%   and   62.1%   of total average deposits for the   third quarter and first nine months   of   2016  , respectively, compared with   62.4%   and   63.3%   of total average deposits for the same periods in   2015  . 

Borrowings    Borrowings totaled   $0.7 billion   and   $1.0 billion   at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , respectively. Historically, TCF has borrowed primarily from the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Des Moines, institutional sources under repurchase agreements and other sources. TCF had   $2.3 billion   of additional borrowing capacity at the FHLB of Des Moines at   September 30, 2016  , as well as access to the Federal Reserve Discount Window. 
    
  See   Note 7  ,   Short-term Borrowings   and   Note 8  ,   Long-term Borrowings   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding TCF's borrowings. 

Capital Management    TCF is committed to managing capital to maintain protection for depositors and creditors. TCF employs a variety of capital management tools to achieve its capital goals, including, but not limited to, dividends, public offerings of preferred and common stock, common stock repurchases and the issuance or redemption of subordinated debt and other capital instruments. TCF maintains a Capital Planning and Dividend Policy which applies to TCF Financial and incorporates TCF Bank's Capital Planning and Dividend Policy. These policies ensure that capital strategy actions, including the addition of new capital, if needed, common stock repurchases, or the declaration of preferred stock, common stock and bank dividends are prudent, efficient and provide value to TCF's stockholders, while ensuring that past and prospective earnings retention is consistent with TCF's capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. TCF and TCF Bank manage their capital levels to exceed all regulatory capital requirements, which were exceeded at   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  . See   Note 9  ,   Regulatory Capital Requirements   of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
    
  Preferred Stock    At   September 30, 2016  , there were   6,900,000   depositary shares outstanding, each representing a 1/1,000   th    interest in a share of the Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of TCF Financial Corporation, par value $.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share) (the "Series A Preferred Stock"). Dividends are payable on the Series A Preferred Stock if, as and when declared by TCF's Board of Directors on a non-cumulative basis on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year at a per annum rate of 7.5%. The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at TCF's option in whole or in part on or after June 25, 2017. At   September 30, 2016  , there were   4,000,000   shares outstanding of the 6.45% Series B Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock of TCF Financial Corporation, par value $.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $25 per share (the "Series B Preferred Stock"). Dividends are payable on the Series B Preferred Stock if, as and when declared by TCF's Board of Directors on a non-cumulative basis on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year at a per annum rate of 6.45%. The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at TCF's option in whole or in part on or after December 19, 2017.  
    
  Equity    Total equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $2.5 billion  , or   11.63%   of total assets, compared with   $2.3 billion  , or   11.15%   of total assets, at   December 31, 2015  . Dividends to common stockholders on a per share basis totaled   7.5 cent  s for the   third   quarter of   2016  , an increase of 50% from a per share basis of   5 cent  s for the   third   quarter of   2015  . TCF's common dividend payout ratio for the   third   quarters of   2016   and   2015   was   24.2%   and   17.2%  , respectively. TCF Financial's primary funding sources for dividends are earnings and dividends received from TCF Bank. 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , TCF had   5.4 million   shares remaining in its stock repurchase program authorized by its Board of Directors, which has no expiration. Prior consultation with the Federal Reserve is required before TCF could repurchase any shares of its common stock. 

55 

Table of Contents  

Common equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $2.2 billion  , or   10.29%   of total assets, compared with   $2.0 billion  , or   9.80%   of total assets, at   December 31, 2015  . Tangible common equity at   September 30, 2016   was   $1.9 billion  , or   9.31%   of total tangible assets, compared with   $1.8 billion  , or   8.79%   of total tangible assets, at   December 31, 2015  . Tangible common equity is not a financial measure recognized under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP") (i.e., non-GAAP). Tangible common equity represents total equity less preferred stock, goodwill, other intangible assets and non-controlling interest in subsidiaries. Tangible assets represent total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets. When evaluating capital adequacy and utilization, management considers financial measures such as tangible common equity to tangible assets. This non-GAAP financial measure is viewed by management as a useful indicator of capital levels available to withstand unexpected market or economic conditions and also provide investors, regulators and other users with information to be viewed in relation to other banking institutions. 
    
  The following table includes reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures of tangible common equity and tangible assets to the GAAP measures of total equity and total assets, respectively: 

(1) 
    Includes non-mortgage servicing assets. 

Recent Accounting Developments 
    
  In August 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  , which addresses eight specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice in how certain types of cash receipts and cash payments are presented in the statement of cash flows. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a retrospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is allowed. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
  In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,   Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments  , which changes the impairment model for most financial assets, including trade and other receivables, held to maturity debt securities, loans and purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative-effect adjustment required beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2020. Early adoption is allowed. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
  
   56 

Table of Contents  

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting  , which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions, including income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities and classification on the statement of cash flows. The most significant change made will be the recognition of all excess tax benefits and deficiencies as income tax expense or benefit in the statement of income. Certain amendments in the ASU will be required to be applied on a prospective basis and others will be required to be applied on a retrospective basis. This ASU is effective beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2017. Early adoption is allowed. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-07,   Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323): Simplifying the Transition to the Equity Method of Accounting  , which eliminates the requirement to retrospectively apply the equity method in previous periods when an investor initially obtains significant influence over the investee. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a prospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2017. Early adoption is allowed. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments  , which clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent put and call options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a modified retrospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2017. Early adoption is allowed. The adoption of this ASU is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effects of Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships  , which clarifies that the novation of a derivative contract in a hedge accounting relationship does not, in and of itself, require dedesignation of that hedge accounting relationship. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a prospective or modified retrospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2017. Early adoption is allowed. The adoption of this ASU will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-04,   Liabilities - Extinguishment of Liabilities (Subtopic 405-20): Recognition of Breakage for Certain Prepaid Stored-Value Products  , which requires issuers of prepaid stored-value products redeemable for goods, services or cash at third-party merchants to derecognize liabilities related to those products for breakage. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a retrospective or modified retrospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018. Early adoption is allowed. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,   Leases (Topic 842)  , which, among other amendments, requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheet. Lessor accounting is largely unchanged. The ASU requires both quantitative and qualitative disclosure regarding key information about leasing arrangements from both lessees and lessors. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a modified retrospective basis beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2019. Early adoption is allowed. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-01,   Financial Instruments - Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities  , which amends the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities, simplifies the impairment analysis of equity investments without readily determinable fair values, requires separate presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities measured at fair value and eliminates certain disclosure requirements associated with the fair value of financial instruments. The adoption of this ASU will be required on a prospective basis with a cumulative-effect adjustment required beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018. With limited exceptions, early adoption is prohibited. The adoption of this ASU will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

57 

Table of Contents  

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  , which requires revenue recognition to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-14,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date  , which delays the effective date of the new revenue recognition requirements in ASU No. 2014-09 by one year. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)  , which clarifies how an entity should identify the unit of accounting for the principal versus agent evaluation and how it should apply the control principle to certain types of arrangements by explaining what a principal controls before the specified good or service is transferred to the customer. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-10,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance Obligations and Licensing  , which amends the guidance for identifying performance obligations and accounting for a license which grants the right to use intellectual property. In May 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-12,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements  , which provides narrow-scope improvements to transition, collectability, noncash consideration and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. The adoption of these ASUs will be required using one of two retrospective application methods beginning with TCF s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ending March 31, 2018. Management is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance on our consolidated financial statements. 

Legislative and Regulatory Developments 
    
  Federal and state legislation impose numerous legal and regulatory requirements on financial institutions. Future legislative or regulatory change, or changes in enforcement practices or court rulings, may have a dramatic and potentially adverse impact on TCF. 

Cautionary Statements for Purposes of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Litigation Reform Act 
    
  Any statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q regarding the outlook for the Company's businesses and their respective markets, such as projections of future performance, guidance, statements of the Company's plans and objectives, forecasts of market trends and other matters, are forward-looking statements based on the Company's assumptions and beliefs. Such statements may be identified by such words or phrases as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "outlook," "will benefit," "is anticipated," "estimate," "project," "management believes" or similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in such statements and no assurance can be given that the results in any forward-looking statement will be achieved. For these statements, TCF claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made and we disclaim any obligation to subsequently revise any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 
    
  Certain factors could cause the Company's future results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements contained herein. These factors include the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015   under the heading "Risk Factors", the factors discussed below and any other cautionary statements, written or oral, which may be made or referred to in connection with any such forward-looking statements. Since it is not possible to foresee all such factors, these factors should not be considered as complete or exhaustive. 

58 

Table of Contents  

Adverse Economic or Business Conditions; Competitive Conditions; Credit and Other Risks.    Deterioration in general economic and banking industry conditions, including those arising from government shutdowns, defaults, anticipated defaults or rating agency downgrades of sovereign debt (including debt of the U.S.), or increases in unemployment; adverse economic, business and competitive developments such as shrinking interest margins, reduced demand for financial services and loan and lease products, deposit outflows, increased deposit costs due to competition for deposit growth and evolving payment system developments, deposit account attrition or an inability to increase the number of deposit accounts; customers completing financial transactions without using a bank; adverse changes in credit quality and other risks posed by TCF's loan, lease, investment, securities held to maturity and securities available for sale portfolios, including declines in commercial or residential real estate values, changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses dictated by new market conditions or regulatory requirements, or the inability of home equity line borrowers to make increased payments caused by increased interest rates or amortization of principal; deviations from estimates of prepayment rates and fluctuations in interest rates that result in decreases in the value of assets such as interest-only strips that arise in connection with TCF's loan sales activity; interest rate risks resulting from fluctuations in prevailing interest rates or other factors that result in a mismatch between yields earned on TCF's interest-earning assets and the rates paid on its deposits and borrowings; foreign currency exchange risks; counterparty risk, including the risk of defaults by our counterparties or diminished availability of counterparties who satisfy our credit quality requirements; decreases in demand for the types of equipment that TCF leases or finances; the effect of any negative publicity. 
    
  Legislative and Regulatory Requirements.    New consumer protection and supervisory requirements and regulations, including those resulting from action by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and changes in the scope of Federal preemption of state laws that could be applied to national banks and their subsidiaries; the imposition of requirements that adversely impact TCF's deposit, lending, loan collection and other business activities such as mortgage foreclosure moratorium laws, further regulation of financial institution campus banking programs, use by municipalities of eminent domain on property securing troubled residential mortgage loans, or imposition of underwriting or other limitations that impact the ability to offer certain variable-rate products; changes affecting customer account charges and fee income, including changes to interchange rates; regulatory actions or changes in customer opt-in preferences with respect to overdrafts, which may have an adverse impact on TCF; changes to bankruptcy laws which would result in the loss of all or part of TCF's security interest due to collateral value declines; deficiencies in TCF's compliance under the Bank Secrecy Act in past or future periods, which may result in regulatory enforcement action including monetary penalties; increased health care costs resulting from Federal health care reform; regulatory criticism and resulting enforcement actions or other adverse consequences such as increased capital requirements, higher deposit insurance assessments or monetary damages or penalties; heightened regulatory practices, requirements or expectations, including, but not limited to, requirements related to enterprise risk management, the Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance activity. 
    
  Earnings/Capital Risks and Constraints, Liquidity Risks.    Limitations on TCF's ability to pay dividends or to increase dividends because of financial performance deterioration, regulatory restrictions or limitations; increased deposit insurance premiums, special assessments or other costs related to adverse conditions in the banking industry; the impact on banks of regulatory reform, including additional capital, leverage, liquidity and risk management requirements or changes in the composition of qualifying regulatory capital; adverse changes in securities markets directly or indirectly affecting TCF's ability to sell assets or to fund its operations; diminished unsecured borrowing capacity resulting from TCF credit rating downgrades or unfavorable conditions in the credit markets that restrict or limit various funding sources; costs associated with new regulatory requirements or interpretive guidance relating to liquidity; uncertainties relating to future retail deposit account changes, including limitations on TCF's ability to predict customer behavior and the impact on TCF's fee revenues. 
    
  Branching Risk; Growth Risks.    Adverse developments affecting TCF's supermarket banking relationships or any of the supermarket chains in which TCF maintains supermarket branches; costs related to closing underperforming branches; inability to timely close underperforming branches due to long-term lease obligations; slower than anticipated growth in existing or acquired businesses; inability to successfully execute on TCF's growth strategy through acquisitions or cross-selling opportunities; failure to expand or diversify TCF's balance sheet through new or expanded programs or opportunities; failure to successfully attract and retain new customers, including the failure to attract and retain manufacturers and dealers to expand the inventory finance business; failure to effectuate, and risks of claims related to, sales and securitizations of loans; risks related to new product additions and addition of distribution channels (or entry into new markets) for existing products. 

59 

Table of Contents  

Technological and Operational Matters.    Technological or operational difficulties, loss or theft of information, cyber-attacks and other security breaches, counterparty failures and the possibility that deposit account losses (fraudulent checks, etc.) may increase; failure to keep pace with technological change, including the failure to develop and maintain technology necessary to satisfy customer demands; ability to attract and retain employees given competitive conditions. 
    
  Litigation Risks.    Results of litigation or government enforcement actions, including class action litigation or enforcement actions concerning TCF's lending or deposit activities, including account opening/origination, servicing practices, fees or charges, employment practices, or checking account overdraft program "opt in" requirements; and possible increases in indemnification obligations for certain litigation against Visa U.S.A. 
    
  Accounting, Audit, Tax and Insurance Matters.    Changes in accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards; federal or state monetary, fiscal or tax policies, including adoption of state legislation that would increase state taxes; ineffective internal controls; adverse federal, state or foreign tax assessments or findings in tax audits; lack of or inadequate insurance coverage for claims against TCF; potential for claims and legal action related to TCF's fiduciary responsibilities. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
    
  TCF's results of operations depend to a large degree on its net interest income and its ability to manage interest rate risk. Although TCF manages other risks in the normal course of business, such as credit risk, liquidity risk, foreign currency risk and operational risk, the Company considers interest rate risk to be one of its more significant market risks. A mismatch between maturities, interest rate sensitivities and prepayment characteristics of assets and liabilities results in interest rate risk. TCF, like most financial institutions, has material interest rate risk exposure to changes in both short- and long-term interest rates, as well as variable interest rate indices (e.g., the prime rate or the London InterBank Offered Rate). 
    
  TCF's management Asset   Liability Committee ("ALCO") is responsible for reviewing the Company's interest rate sensitivity position and establishing policies to monitor and limit exposure to interest rate risk. ALCO manages TCF's interest rate risk based on interest rate expectations and other factors. The principal objective of TCF in managing its assets and liabilities is to provide maximum levels of net interest income and facilitate the funding needs of the Company, while maintaining acceptable levels of interest rate risk and liquidity risk. 
    
  ALCO primarily uses two interest rate risk tools with policy limits to evaluate TCF's interest rate risk: net interest income simulation and economic value of equity ("EVE") analysis. In addition, the interest rate gap is reviewed periodically to monitor asset and liability repricing over various time periods. 
    
  Management utilizes net interest income simulation models to estimate the near-term effects of changing interest rates on its net interest income. Net interest income simulation involves forecasting net interest income under a variety of scenarios, including the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve and the spreads between market interest rates. Management exercises its best judgment in making assumptions regarding events that management can influence, such as non-contractual deposit repricings and events outside management's control, such as consumer behavior on loan and deposit activity and the effect that competition has on both loan and deposit pricing. These assumptions are subjective and, as a result, net interest income simulation results will differ from actual results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, changes in market conditions, consumer behavior and management strategies, among other factors. TCF performs various sensitivity analyses on assumptions of new loan spreads, prepayment rates, basis risk, deposit attrition and deposit repricing.  

60 

Table of Contents  

The following table presents changes in TCF's net interest income over a twelve month period if short- and long-term interest rates were to sustain an immediate increase of 100 basis points and 200 basis points. The impact of planned growth and new business activities is factored into the simulation model. 

As of   September 30, 2016  ,   57.4%   of TCF's loan and lease balances are expected to reprice, amortize or prepay in the next 12 months and   61.9%   of TCF's deposit balances are low cost or no cost deposits. TCF believes that the mix of assets repricing compared with low cost or no cost deposits positions TCF well for changing interest rates. 
    
  Management also uses EVE and interest rate gap analyses to measure risk in the balance sheet that might not be taken into account in the net interest income simulation analysis. Net interest income simulation highlights exposure over a relatively short time period, while EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet positions. The valuation of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset cash flows minus the discounted present value of liability cash flows. Interest rate gap is primarily the difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities repricing within a given period and represents the net asset or liability sensitivity at a point in time  .  

Item 4.  Controls and Procedures 
    
  Disclosure Controls and Procedures    The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Based upon that evaluation, management concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of   September 30, 2016  . 
    
  Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by TCF in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. TCF's disclosure controls also include internal controls that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are properly authorized, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized or improper use and that transactions are properly recorded and reported. 
    
  Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting    There were no changes to TCF's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  , that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, TCF's internal control over financial reporting. 

61 

Table of Contents  

Part II - Other Information 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings 
    
  From time to time TCF is a party to legal proceedings arising out of its lending, leasing and deposit operations, including foreclosure proceedings and other collection actions as part of its lending and leasing collections activities. TCF may also be subject to regulatory examinations and enforcement actions brought by federal regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ("OCC") and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ("CFPB") and TCF's regulatory authorities may impose sanctions on TCF for failures related to regulatory compliance. From time to time borrowers and other customers, and employees and former employees have also brought actions against TCF, in some cases claiming substantial damages. TCF and other financial services companies are subject to the risk of class action litigation. Litigation is often unpredictable and the actual results of litigation cannot be determined and therefore the ultimate resolution of a matter and the possible range of loss associated with certain potential outcomes cannot be established. Except as discussed below, based on our current understanding of TCF's pending legal proceedings, management does not believe that judgments or settlements arising from pending or threatened legal matters, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, operating results or cash flows of TCF. 
    
  On October 29, 2015, TCF received a Notice and Opportunity to Respond and Advise letter ("NORA Letter") from the CFPB notifying TCF that the CFPB's Office of Enforcement is considering recommending that the CFPB take legal action against TCF related to compliance with laws relating to unfair, deceptive and abusive acts and practices and Regulation E,  1005.17, in connection with TCF's practices in administering checking account overdraft program "opt-in" requirements. The purpose of a NORA Letter is to ensure that potential subjects of enforcement actions have the opportunity to present their positions to the CFPB before an enforcement action is recommended or commenced and TCF has provided the CFPB with a written statement setting forth the reasons of law and policy why it believes that the CFPB should not take action. TCF is in discussions with the CFPB and is seeking to reach an appropriate resolution of the matter. We are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of this matter. There can be no assurance that the CFPB will not utilize its enforcement authority through settlement, administrative proceedings or litigation and seek remediation, disgorgement, penalties, other monetary relief, injunctive relief or changes to TCF's business practices or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on TCF. 

Item 1A.  Risk Factors 
    
  There were no material changes in risk factors for TCF in the quarter covered by this report. You should carefully consider the risks and risk factors included under Item 1A of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended   December 31, 2015  . TCF's business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. 

62 

Table of Contents  

Item 2.  Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
    
  The following table summarizes share repurchase activity for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  : 

N.A. Not Applicable. 
           (1) 
    The current share repurchase authorization was approved by the Board of Directors on April 14, 2007 and was announced in a press release dated April 16, 2007. The authorization was for a repurchase of up to an additional 5% of TCF's common stock outstanding at the time of the authorization, or 6.5 million shares. TCF has not repurchased shares since October 2007. Future repurchases will be based upon capital levels, growth expectations and market opportunities and may be subject to regulatory approval. The ability to repurchase shares in the future may be adversely affected by new legislation or regulations or by changes in regulatory policies. This authorization does not have an expiration date. 
              (2)  
    Represents restricted stock withheld pursuant to the terms of awards granted on or prior to April 22, 2015 under the TCF Financial Incentive Stock Program to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of restricted stock. The TCF Financial Incentive Stock Program provides that the value of shares withheld shall be the average of the high and low prices of common stock of TCF Financial Corporation on the date the relevant transaction occurs. 

Item 3.  Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
    
  None. 

Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures 
    
  Not applicable. 

Item 5.  Other Information 
    
  None. 

Item 6.  Exhibits 
    
  See Index to Exhibits on page 65 of this report. 

63 

Table of Contents  

SIGNATURES 
    
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

/s/ Craig R. Dahl 

Craig R. Dahl,  

Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brian W. Maass 

Brian W. Maass, 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Susan D. Bode 

Susan D. Bode,  

Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Dated:   November 2, 2016 

64 

Table of Contents  

TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
  Index to Exhibits for Form 10-Q 
                      Exhibit 
  Number 
      
    Description 
      3.1 
      
    Amended and Restated Bylaws [incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to TCF Financial Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 26, 2016 (No. 161784576)] 
      31.1# 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      31.2# 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.1# 
      
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      32.2# 
      
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
      101# 
      
    Financial statements from the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the period ended September 30, 2016, formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

#  Filed herein 

65 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-3119301610q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Craig R. Dahl, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TCF Financial Corporation for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                     
    /s/ Craig R. Dahl 

Craig R. Dahl 

Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-3129301610q.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
  CERTIFICATION 
  I, Brian W. Maass, certify that: 
           1. 
    I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of TCF Financial Corporation for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016  ; 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
              5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
              (a) 
    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                     
    /s/ Brian W. Maass 

Brian W. Maass 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-3219301610q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
  TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350 
    
  I, Craig R. Dahl, Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of TCF Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify as follows: 
            2. 
    The Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              3. 
    The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                     
    /s/ Craig R. Dahl 

Craig R. Dahl 

Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

* 
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TCF Financial Corporation and will be retained by TCF Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-3229301610q.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
  TCF FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
  STATEMENT PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.  1350 
    
  I, Brian W. Maass, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TCF Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the  Company ), hereby certify as follows: 
            2. 
    The Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
              3. 
    The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods indicated therein. 
     Date:   November 2, 2016    
                     
    /s/ Brian W. Maass 

Brian W. Maass 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

* 
    A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to TCF Financial Corporation and will be retained by TCF Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 tcb-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 tcb-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 tcb-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 tcb-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 tcb-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 tcb-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

