<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161109_10-Q_edgar_data_867665_0000867665-16-000218_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4545436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123008</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>236021</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1548834</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1820837</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>717625</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>31</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000867665-16-000218.hdr.sgml : 20161109
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161109162009
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000867665-16-000218
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161109
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161109

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000867665
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				742584033
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16071
		FILM NUMBER:		161984503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18803 MEISNER DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78258
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2104904788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18803 MEISNER DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78258

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000867665-16-000218.txt : 20161109

10-Q
 1
 axas10-q09302016.htm
 10-Q

Document 

UNITED STATES 
  SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
  Washington, D.C. 20549 
    
  FORM 10-Q 
  (  Mark One) 

o 
      
    TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 001-16071 
     
  ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

18803 Meisner Drive, San Antonio, TX 78258 
      (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
        
      210-490-4788 
      (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
        
      Not Applicable 
      (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes   No   
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (  232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).        Yes   No   
    
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check One) 
                 Large accelerated filer          
    Accelerated filer         
      Non-accelerated filer        
  (Do not mark if a smaller reporting company) 
    Smaller reporting company      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes    No   
    
    The number of shares of the issuer s common stock outstanding as of November 7, 2016 was   135,088,301  . 

Forward-Looking Information 
    
  We make forward-looking statements throughout this report.  Whenever you read a statement that is not simply a statement of historical fact (such as statements including words like  believe,   expect,   anticipate,   intend,   will,   plan,   seek,   may,   estimate,   could,   potentially  or similar expressions), you must remember that these are forward-looking statements, and that our expectations may not be correct, even though we believe they are reasonable.  The forward-looking information contained in this report is generally located in the material set forth under the headings  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  but may be found in other locations as well.  These forward-looking statements generally relate to our plans and objectives for future operations and are based upon our management s reasonable estimates of future results or trends.  The factors that may affect our expectations regarding our operations include, among others, the following: 

the prices we receive for our production and the effectiveness of our hedging activities; 

the availability of capital including under our credit facility; 

our success in development, exploitation and exploration activities; 

declines in our production of oil and gas; 

our indebtedness and the significant amount of cash required to service our indebtedness; 

limits on our growth and our ability to finance our operations, fund our capital needs and respond to changing conditions imposed by our bank credit facility and restrictive debt covenants; 

our ability to make planned capital expenditures; 

ceiling test write-downs resulting, and that could result in the future, from lower oil and natural gas prices; 

political and economic conditions in oil producing countries, especially those in the Middle East; 

price and availability of alternative fuels; 

our ability to procure services and equipment for our drilling and completion activities; 

our acquisition and divestiture activities; 

weather conditions and events; 

the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of pipelines and other transportation facilities; and 

other factors discussed elsewhere in this report. 

GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
    
  Unless otherwise indicated in this report, gas volumes are stated at the legal pressure base of the State or area in which the reserves are located at 60 degrees Fahrenheit.  Oil and gas equivalents are determined using the ratio of six Mcf of gas to one barrel of oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. 
    
  The following definitions shall apply to the technical terms used in this report. 
    
  Terms used to describe quantities of oil and gas: 
    
     Bbl      barrel or barrels. 
    
     Bcf      billion cubic feet of gas. 
    
     Bcfe      billion cubic feet of gas equivalent. 

2 

     Table of Contents  

Boe      barrels of oil equivalent. 
    
     MBbl      thousand barrels. 
    
     MBoe            thousand barrels of oil equivalent. 
    
     Mcf      thousand cubic feet of gas. 
    
     Mcfe      thousand cubic feet of gas equivalent. 
    
     MMBbl      million barrels. 
    
   MMBoe      million barrels of oil equivalent. 
    
     MMBtu      million British Thermal Units of gas. 
    
     MMcf      million cubic feet of gas. 
    
     MMcfe      million cubic feet of gas equivalent. 
    
   NGL      natural gas liquids measured in barrels. 
    
     Terms used to describe our interests in wells and acreage: 
    
     Developed acreage    means acreage which consists of leased acres spaced or assignable to productive wells. 
    
     Development well    is a well drilled within the proved area of an oil or gas reservoir to the depth or stratigraphic horizon (rock layer or formation) noted to be productive for the purpose of extracting reserves. 
    
     Dry hole    is an exploratory or development well found to be incapable of producing either oil or gas in sufficient quantities to justify completion. 
    
     Exploratory well    is a well drilled to find and produce oil and or gas in an unproved area, to find a new reservoir in a field previously found to be producing in another reservoir, or to extend a known reservoir. 
    
     Gross acres    are the number of acres in which we own a working interest. 
    
     Gross well    is a well in which we own a working interest. 
    
     Net acres    are the sum of fractional ownership working interests in gross acres (e.g., a 50% working interest in a lease covering 320 gross acres is equivalent to 160 net acres). 
    
     Net well    is the sum of fractional ownership working interests in gross wells. 
    
     Productive well    is an exploratory or a development well that is not a dry hole. 
    
     Undeveloped acreage    means those leased acres on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of economic quantities of oil and gas, regardless of whether or not such acreage contains proved reserves. 
    
  Terms used to assign a present value to or to classify our reserves: 
    
     Developed oil and gas reserves  *  Developed oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that can be expected to be recovered: 
    
  (i)    Through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods or in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared to the cost of a new well; and 
    
  (ii)    Through installed extraction equipment and infrastructure operational at the time of the reserves estimate if the extraction is by means not involving a well.  
  
   3 

     Table of Contents  

Possible reserves  *      Possible reserves are those additional reserves that are less certain to be recovered than probable reserves 
    
   Proved developed non-producing reserves*         are those quantities of oil and gas reserves that are developed behind pipe in an existing well bore, from a shut-in well bore or that can be recovered through improved recovery only after the necessary equipment has been installed, or when the costs to do so are relatively minor. Shut-in reserves are expected to be recovered from (1) completion intervals which are open at the time of the estimate but which have not started producing, (2) wells that were shut-in for market conditions or pipeline connections, or (3) wells not capable of production for mechanical reasons. Behind-pipe reserves are expected to be recovered from zones in existing wells that will require additional completion work or future recompletion prior to the start of production. 
    
   Proved developed reserves  *      Reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods. 
    
     Proved reserves  *  Reserves that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. 
    
   Proved undeveloped reserves    or    PUDs*      Reserves that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage or from existing wells, in each case where a relatively major expenditure is required. 
    
     PV-10    means estimated future net revenue, discounted at a rate of 10% per annum, before income taxes and with no price or cost escalation or de-escalation, calculated in accordance with guidelines promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). 
    
     Standardized Measure    means estimated future net revenue, discounted at a rate of 10% per annum, after income taxes and with no price or cost escalation or de-escalation, calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ( ASC ) 932,  Disclosures About Oil and Gas Producing Activities.  
    
   Undeveloped oil and gas reserves  *  "         Undeveloped oil and gas reserves are reserves of any category that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion. 
  *  This definition is an abbreviated version of the complete definition set forth in Rule 4-10(a) of Regulation S-X. For the complete definition, see: http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/retrieveECFR?gp=1 SID=7aa25d3cede06103c0ecec861362497d ty=HTML h=L n=pt17.3.210 r=PART#se17.3.210_14_610 

4 

ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  FORM 10   Q 
  INDEX 

PART I  

ITEM 1 - 
     Financial Statements  

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets - September 30, 2016 (unaudited) and December 31, 2015  
    6 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations   (unaudited) Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    8 
        
     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows   (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 and 2015  
    9 
        
     Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements - (unaudited)  
    10 

ITEM 2 - 
     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  
    20 

ITEM 3 - 
     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  
    33 

ITEM 4 - 
     Controls and Procedures  
    33 

PART II  
      OTHER INFORMATION 
        
      ITEM 1 - 
     Legal Proceedings  
    34 
      ITEM 1A - 
     Risk Factors  
    34 
      ITEM 2 - 
     Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds  
    34 
      ITEM 3 - 
     Defaults Upon Senior Securities  
    34 
      ITEM 4 - 
     Mine Safety Disclosure  
    34 
      ITEM 5 - 
     Other Information  
    34 
      ITEM 6 - 
     Exhibits  
    34 
        
     Signatures  
    35 

5 

Table of Contents  

Part I 
  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
  (in thousands) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

6 

     Table of Contents  

A  BRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
  (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

7 

Table of Contents  

ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (in thousands except per share data) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

8 

Table of Contents  

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

9 

Table of Contents  

ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
  NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
  (Unaudited) 
  (tabular amounts in thousands, except  per share data) 

1. Basis of Presentation 
    
  The accounting policies followed by Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and its subsidiaries (the  Company ) are set forth in the notes to the Company s audited consolidated financial statements in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016. Such policies have been continued without change. Also, refer to the notes to those financial statements for additional details of the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. All material items included in those notes have not changed except as a result of normal transactions in the interim, or as disclosed within this report. The accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements have not been audited by our independent registered public accountants, and in the opinion of management, reflect all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position and results of operations. Any and all adjustments are of a normal and recurring nature. Although management believes the unaudited interim related disclosures in these condensed consolidated financial statements are adequate to make the information presented not misleading, certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. The results of operations and the cash flows for the period ended   September 30, 2016   are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. The condensed consolidated financial statements included herein should be read in conjunction with the consolidated audited financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  Consolidation Principles 
    
  The terms  Abraxas,   Abraxas Petroleum,   we,   us,   our  or the  Company  refer to Abraxas Petroleum Corporation and all of its subsidiaries, including Raven Drilling, LLC ( Raven Drilling ). 
    
  Rig Accounting 
    
  In accordance with SEC Regulation S-X, no income is to be recognized in connection with contractual drilling services performed in connection with properties in which the Company or its affiliates hold an ownership, or other economic interest. Any income not recognized as a result of this limitation is to be credited to the full cost pool and recognized through lower amortization as reserves are produced. 
    
  Use of Estimates 
    
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
    
  Reclassification of Prior Period Balances 
    
  Certain amounts in the prior period presented have been reclassified to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. These reclassifications have no effect on previously reported net loss. 
    
  New Accounting Standards and Disclosures           
  In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15,   Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments  . The amended guidance addresses specific cash flow issues with the objective of reducing existing diversity in practice.      The amendments in this update apply to all entities required to present a statement of cash flows.  The amendments in this update are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years.  Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period.  If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.  An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period.  Amendments should be applied using a retrospective transition method to each period presented.  If it is impracticable to apply the amendments retrospectively for some of the issues, the amendments for those issues would be applied prospectively as of  

10 

     Table of Contents  

the earliest date practicable.  The Company has not yet determined what the effects of adopting this updated guidance will be on its statement of cash flows. 
    
  In March 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-06,   Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815)  :   Contingent put and call options in debt instruments  , which clarifies the requirements for assessing whether contingent call (put) options that can accelerate the payment of principal on debt instruments are clearly and closely related to their debt hosts. The amendment will be effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning on or after December 31, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the ASU on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements.  
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-08,   Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)  :   Principal Versus Agent Considerations   (reporting revenue gross versus net), which clarifies the implementation guidance on principle versus agent considerations. The amendment will be effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning on or after December 31, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the ASU on the Company's  condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09,   Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718)  :   Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,   which includes provisions intended to simplify various aspects related to how share-based compensation payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. This amendment will be effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the ASU on the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  Stock-Based Compensation and Option Plans 
    
  Stock Options 
    
  The Company currently utilizes a standard option-pricing model (i.e., Black-Scholes) to measure the fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors. 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s stock-based compensation expense related to stock options for the periods presented:  

The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   (shares in thousands):  

Additional information related to stock options at September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 is as follows:  

11 

     Table of Contents  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $3.3 million   of unamortized compensation expense related to outstanding stock options that will be recognized in 2016 through 2020. 
    
  Restricted Stock Awards 
    
  Restricted stock awards are awards of common stock that are subject to restrictions on transfer and to a risk of forfeiture if the awardee terminates employment with the Company prior to the lapse of the restrictions. The fair value of such stock was determined using the closing price on the grant date and compensation expense is recorded over the applicable vesting periods. 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s restricted stock activity for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  :  

The following table summarizes the Company s stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock for the periods presented:  

As of   September 30, 2016  , there was approximately   $2.2 million   of unamortized compensation expense relating to outstanding restricted shares that will be recognized in 2016 through 2020. 
    
  Oil and Gas Properties 
    
  The Company follows the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties.  Under this method, all direct costs and certain indirect costs associated with acquisition of properties and successful as well as unsuccessful exploration and development activities are capitalized. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization of capitalized oil and gas properties and estimated future development costs, excluding unproved properties, are based on the unit-of-production method based on proved reserves.  Net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties, less related deferred taxes, are limited by country, to the lower of unamortized cost or the cost ceiling, defined as the sum of the present value of estimated future net revenues from proved reserves based on unescalated prices discounted at 10%, plus the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, plus the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties included in the costs being amortized, if any, less related income taxes. Costs in excess of the present value of estimated net revenue from proved reserves discounted at 10%  are charged to proved property impairment expense.  No gain or loss is recognized upon sale or disposition of oil and gas properties for full cost accounting companies with proceeds accounted for as an adjustment of capitalized cost. An exception to this rule occurs when the adjustment to the full cost pool results in a significant alteration of the relationship between capitalized cost and proved reserves. The Company applies the full cost ceiling test on a quarterly basis on the date of the latest balance sheet presented. At   September 30, 2015   our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the present value of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $59.9 million  , resulting in the recognition of an impairment for the three and nine months ended of   $59.9 million  .  At   September 30, 2016  , our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the cost ceiling of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $3.8 million  , resulting in the recognition of a proved property impairment for the three and nine months then ended  of   $3.8 million    and    $67.6 million   respectively. Impairment calculations did not consider the impact of our commodity derivative positions as generally accepted accounting principles only allow the inclusion of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges.  Further write-downs in subsequent quarters are reasonably likely to occur if the trailing 12-month commodity prices continue to fall as compared to the commodity prices used in prior quarters.  

12 

     Table of Contents  

Restoration, Removal and Environmental Liabilities 
    
  The Company is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and may require the Company to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal or release of petroleum substances at various sites.  Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending on their future economic benefit.  Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past operations and that have no future economic benefit are expensed. 
    
  Liabilities for expenditures of a non-capital nature are recorded when environmental assessments and/or remediation is probable, and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Such liabilities are generally undiscounted unless the timing of cash payments for the liability or component is fixed or reliably determinable. 
    
  The Company accounts for future site restoration obligations based on the guidance of ASC 410 which addresses accounting and reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the associated asset retirement costs. ASC 410 requires that the fair value of a liability for an asset's retirement obligation be recorded in the period in which it is incurred and the corresponding cost capitalized by increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the estimated useful life of the related asset. For all periods presented, we have included estimated future costs of abandonment and dismantlement in our full cost amortization base and amortize these costs as a component of our depletion expense in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
    
  The following table summarizes the Company s future site restoration obligation transactions for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and the year ended December 31, 2015:  

2.  Income Taxes 
    
  The Company records income taxes using the liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities and are measured using the tax rates and laws expected to be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. 
    
  For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , there was   no   income tax benefit due to the fact we are in a loss position and have recorded a full valuation allowance against our net deferred taxes. 
    
  The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of    September 30, 2016  , the Company did not have any accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. The tax years 2012     through 2015 remain open to examination by the tax jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.   
    
  At December 31, 2015, the Company had, subject to the limitation discussed below,   $201.9 million   of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes.  The loss carryforward will expire in varying amounts through 2035, if not utilized. 
    
  Uncertainties exist as to the future utilization of the operating loss carryforwards therefore, we have established a valuation allowance of   $103.7 million   for deferred tax assets at December 31, 2015.  

3. Long-Term Debt 
    
  The following is a description of the Company s debt as of September 30, 2016 and  December 31, 2015, respectively: 

13 

     Table of Contents  

Credit Facility 
    
  We have a senior secured credit facility with Soci t  G n rale, as administrative agent and issuing lender, and certain other lenders, which we refer to as the credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $90.0 million   was outstanding under the credit facility. 
    
  The credit facility has a maximum commitment of   $300.0 million   and availability is subject to a borrowing base. The borrowing base is determined semi-annually by the lenders based upon our reserve reports,   one   of which must be prepared by our independent petroleum engineers and   one   of which may be prepared internally. The amount of the borrowing base is calculated by the lenders based upon their valuation of our proved reserves securing the facility utilizing these reserve reports and their own internal decisions. In addition, the lenders, in their sole discretion, are able to make one additional borrowing base redetermination during any six-month period between scheduled redeterminations and we are able to request one redetermination during any six-month period between scheduled redeterminations. The borrowing base will be automatically reduced in connection with any sales of producing properties with a market value of   5%   or more of our then-current borrowing base and in connection with any hedge termination which could reduce the collateral value by   5%   or more. Our borrowing base can never exceed the $300.0 million maximum commitment amount.   
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a borrowing base of   $130.0 million  , based on an amendment on April 22, 2016, which we refer to as the April 2016 Amendment.  In accordance with the terms of the April 2016 Amendment, the borrowing base was automatically reduced to    $120.0 million   effective October 1, 2016. The borrowing base was further reduced to   $115.0 million   on October 31, 2016 in connection with the regularly scheduled redetermination, which we refer to as the Fall 2016 Redetermination.  
    
  Outstanding amounts under the credit facility bear interest (x) at any time an event of default exists, at   3%   per annum plus the amounts set forth below, (y) from April 1, 2016 to October 1, 2016    0.25%   per annum plus the rates set forth below and (z) at all other times, at (a) the greater of (1) the reference rate announced from time to time by Soci t  G n rale, (2) the Federal Funds Rate plus   0.5%  , and (3) a rate determined by Soci t  G n rale as the daily one-month LIBOR plus, in each case, (b)   0.75%  -  1.75%  , depending on the utilization of the borrowing base, or, if we elect, LIBOR plus, in each case,   1.75%  -  2.75%   depending on the utilization of the borrowing base. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the credit facility was approximately   3.02%   assuming LIBOR borrowings. 
    
  Subject to earlier termination rights and events of default, the stated maturity date of the credit facility is   June 30, 2018  . Interest is payable quarterly on reference rate advances and not less than quarterly on LIBOR advances. We are permitted to terminate the credit facility and are able, from time to time, to permanently reduce the lenders  aggregate commitment under the credit facility in compliance with certain notice and dollar increment requirements. 
    
  Each of our subsidiaries has guaranteed our obligations under the credit facility on a senior secured basis. Obligations under the credit facility are secured by a first priority perfected security interest, subject to certain permitted encumbrances, in all of our and our subsidiary guarantors  material property and assets, other than Raven Drilling. In connection with the April 2016 Amendment, we     also agreed to grant our     lenders a security interest in our headquarters building (in addition to the lien granted to the lender under our building loan described below) and two ranches we own, none of which had previously secured our obligations under the credit facility. One of the ranches was sold in September 2016 in connection with the sale of our Portilla oil and gas properties. 
    
  Under the credit facility, we are subject to customary covenants, including certain financial covenants and reporting requirements.  We are required to maintain a current ratio, as of the last day of each quarter of not less than   1.00   to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of not less than   2.50   to 1.00.  We are also required as of the last day of each quarter to maintain a total debt to EBITDAX ratio of not more than   4.00   to 1.00. The current ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities.  For the purposes of this calculation, current assets include the portion of the borrowing base which is undrawn but excludes any cash deposited with a counter-party to a hedging arrangement and any assets representing a valuation account arising from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20 and current liabilities exclude the current portion of long-term debt and  

14 

     Table of Contents  

any liabilities representing a valuation account arising from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20.  The interest coverage ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated EBITDAX to consolidated interest expense for the four fiscal quarters ended on the calculation date. For the purposes of this calculation, EBITDAX is defined as the sum of consolidated net income plus interest expense, oil and gas exploration expenses, income, franchise or margin taxes, depreciation, amortization, depletion and other non-cash charges including non-cash charges resulting from the application of ASC 718, ASC 815 and ASC 410-20 plus all realized net cash proceeds arising from the settlement or monetization of any hedge contracts plus expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of the credit facility plus expenses incurred in connection with any acquisition permitted under the credit facility plus expenses incurred in connection with any offering of senior unsecured notes, subordinated debt or equity plus up to $1.0 million of extraordinary expenses in any 12-month period plus extraordinary losses minus all non-cash items of income which were included in determining consolidated net loss, including all non-cash items resulting from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20. Interest expense includes total interest, letter of credit fees and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with any debt. The total debt to EBITDAX ratio is defined as the ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDAX for the four fiscal quarters ended on the calculation date.  For the purposes of this calculation, total debt is the outstanding principal amount of debt, excluding debt associated with the office building, Raven Drilling s rig loan and obligations with respect to surety bonds and derivative contracts  . 
    
   At   September 30, 2016  , we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest coverage ratio was   9.65   to 1.00, the total debt to EBITDAX ratio was   2.37   to 1.00, and our current ratio was   1.73   to 1.00. 
    
  The credit facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to:  
             
    incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
                
    transfer or sell assets; 
                
    create liens on assets; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates other than on an  arm s length  basis; 
                
    make any change in the principal nature of our business; and 
                
    permit a change of control. 
       
   The April 2016 Amendment, also included certain additional covenants including: 

100% of the net proceeds from any sale of any of our properties occurring between April 1, 2016 and October 1, 2016 must be used to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; 

100% of the net proceeds from any terminations of derivative contracts must be used to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; 

if the sum of our cash on hand plus liquid investments exceeds   $10.0 million  , then the amount in excess of   $10.0 million   must be used to pay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; and 

granting the lenders a security interest in at least 90% of the PV-10 of our proven reserves. 
       
  The credit facility also contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of principal or interest, violations of covenants, cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and material judgments and liabilities. 
    
  Rig Loan Agreement 
    
  On September 19, 2011, Raven Drilling entered into a rig loan agreement, secured by our Oilwell   2,000   HP diesel electric drilling rig (the  Collateral ). The original principal amount of the note was   $7.0 million   and bears interest at   4.26%  .  The note is payable in monthly interest and principal payments in the amount of   $179,695  . Subject to earlier prepayment provisions and events of default, the stated maturity date of the note is   February 14, 2017  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $1.1 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, were outstanding under the rig loan agreement. 
    
  The Company has guaranteed Raven Drilling s obligations under the rig loan agreement and associated note.  Obligations under the rig loan agreement are secured by a first priority perfected security interest, subject to certain permitted encumbrances, in the Collateral. 
    
  Real Estate Lien Note 

15 

     Table of Contents  

We have a real estate lien note secured by a first lien deed of trust on the property and improvements which serves as our corporate headquarters. The note bears interest at a fixed rate of   4.25%   and is payable in monthly installments of $  34,354  .  Beginning August 20, 2018, the interest rate will adjust to the bank's then current prime rate plus   1.00%   with a maximum rate of   7.25%  .  The maturity date of the note is   July 20, 2023  . As of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  ,   $3.9 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively, were outstanding on the note. 

4. Earnings per Share 
    
  The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share: 

Basic earnings per share, excluding any dilutive effects of stock options and unvested restricted stock, is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss per share is computed similar to basic; however diluted loss per share reflects the assumed conversion of all potentially dilutive securities. For the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,   1,766   and   1,724   potential shares related to unvested restricted shares and options were excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share since their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive due to losses incurred in the periods.  

5.      Hedging Program and Derivatives 
    
  The derivative contracts we utilize are based on index prices that may and often do differ from the actual oil and gas prices realized in our operations.  Our derivative contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting; therefore, fluctuations in the market value of the derivative contracts are recognized in earnings during the current period. There are no netting agreements relating to these derivative contracts and there is no policy to offset.  

16 

     Table of Contents  

The following table sets forth the summary position of our derivative contracts as of   September 30, 2016  : 
    
  Fixed price swaps: 

Subsequent to   September 30, 2016  , we entered into the following derivative contracts. 

The following table illustrates the impact of derivative contracts on the Company s balance sheet: 
                                       Fair Value of Derivative Contracts as of September 30, 2016 

Asset Derivatives 
      
    Liability Derivatives 
      Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      Commodity price derivatives 
      
    Derivatives   current 
      
    $ 
    1,962 

Derivatives   current 
      
    $ 
    1,586 
      
      Commodity price derivatives 
      
    Derivatives   long-term 
      
    914 

Derivatives   long-term 
      
    3,638 

$ 
    2,876 

$ 
    5,224 

Fair Value of Derivative Contracts as of December 31, 2015 

Asset Derivatives 
      
    Liability Derivatives 
      Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      
    Balance Sheet Location 
      
    Fair Value 
      Commodity price derivatives 
      
    Derivatives   current 
      
    $ 
    18,902 

Derivatives   current 
      
    $ 

Commodity price derivatives 
      
    Derivatives   long-term 
      
    8,463 

Derivatives   long-term 

$ 
    27,365 

$ 

Gains and losses from derivative activities are reflected as  (Gain) loss on derivative contracts  in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

6. Financial Instruments 
    
  Assets and liabilities measured at fair value are categorized into one of three different levels depending on the observability of the inputs employed in the measurement. The three levels are defined as follows: 

Level 1   inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 
                
    Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
                
    Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

17 

     Table of Contents  

A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The Company is further required to assess the creditworthiness of the counter-party to the derivative contract. The results of the assessment of non-performance risk, based on the counter-party s credit risk, could result in an adjustment of the carrying value of the derivative instrument. The following tables sets forth information about the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of   September 30, 2016   and   December 31, 2015  , and indicate the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value (in thousands): 

The Company s derivative contracts consisted of NYMEX-based fixed price swaps as of   September 30, 2016  , and NYMEX-based fixed price swaps and three-way collar contracts as of December 31, 2015.  Under fixed price swaps, we receive a fixed price for our production and pay a variable market price to the contract counter-party. Three-way collar contracts combine a long put, a short put and a short call. Under a collar, we pay the counterparty if the market price is above the ceiling price (short call) and the counterparty pays us if the market price is below the floor price (long put). The use of the long put combined with a short put allows us to sell a call at a higher price, thus establishing a higher ceiling and limits our exposure to future settlement payments while also restricting our downward risk to the difference between the long put and the short put if the price drops below the price of the short put.  This allows us to settle our contracts for the market price plus the spread between the short put and the long put in a case where the market price has fallen below the short put fixed price.  The NYMEX-based fixed price derivative contracts and three-way collars are indexed to NYMEX futures contracts, which are actively traded, for the underlying commodity and are commonly used in the energy industry. A number of financial institutions and large energy companies act as counter-parties to these type of derivative contracts. As the fair value of NYMEX-based fixed price swap contracts are based on a number of inputs, including contractual volumes and prices stated in each derivative contract, current and future NYMEX commodity prices, and quantitative models that are based upon readily observable market parameters that are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, we have characterized these derivative contracts as Level 2. In order to verify the third party valuation, we enter the various inputs into a model and compare our results to the third party for reasonableness. The fair value of the collar instruments are based on inputs that are not as observable as the fixed price swaps. In addition to the actively quoted market price, variables such as time value, volatility and other unobservable inputs are used. Accordingly, these instruments have been classified as Level 3. 
    
  The following is additional information for the Company's recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  

18 

     Table of Contents  

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
    
  The Company records certain assets and liabilities at fair value related to certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities that may be acquired in a business combination and thereby measured at fair value and the initial recognition of future site restoration obligations for which fair value is used. 
    
  The future site restoration obligation estimates are derived from historical costs as well as management s expectation of future cost environments. As there is no corroborating market activity to support the assumptions used, the Company has designated these liabilities as Level 3. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the Company s future site restoration is presented in Note 1. 
    
  Other Financial Instruments 
    
  The carrying amounts of our cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term maturities and/or liquid nature of these assets and liabilities. The carrying value of our debt approximates fair value as the interest rates are market rates and this debt is considered Level 2. 

7. Commitments and Contingencies 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was not involved in any legal proceedings that are expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. 

8. Subsequent Events 
    
  Subsequent to September 30, 2016 our Borrowing Base was redetermined to   $115.0 million  . This Borrowing Base is fully conforming and represents a   $5.0 million   reduction from the Company s previously fully conforming Borrowing Base of   $120.0 million  . All other terms of the borrowing base remain unchanged. 
    
  In connection with the redetermination of the Borrowing Base, we entered into the following derivative contracts. 

19 

     Table of Contents  

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
    
  The following is a discussion of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed with the SEC on March 15, 2016, and the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes of the Company included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report.  
    
  Except as otherwise noted, all tabular amounts are in thousands, except per unit values. 
    
  Critical Accounting Policies 
    
  There have been no changes from the Critical Accounting Policies described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
    
  General 
  We are an independent energy company primarily engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, development and production of oil and gas in the United States. We focus on assets with a high working interest and low geologic risk as well as operational and infrastructure control.  We seek strong full cycle rate of return and low risk exploitable upside using the Company's operating experience.  We believe that we have a number of development opportunities on our properties and intend to expand upon our development activities with complementary exploration projects in our core areas of operation. Success in our development and exploration activities is critical in the maintenance and growth of our current production levels and associated reserves. 
  Factors Affecting Our Financial Results 
    
  Our financial results depend upon many factors which significantly affect our results of operations including the following: 

commodity prices and the effectiveness of our hedging arrangements; 

the level of total sales volumes of oil, gas and NGL; 

the availability of and our ability to raise additional capital resources and provide liquidity to meet cash flow needs; 

the level of and interest rates on borrowings; and 

the level and success of exploration and development activity 
       
  Commodity Prices and Hedging Arrangements  .   The results of our operations are highly dependent upon the prices received for our oil and gas production. The prices we receive for our production are dependent upon spot market prices, differentials and the effectiveness of our derivative contracts, which we sometimes refer to as hedging arrangements. Substantially all of our sales of oil and gas are made in the spot market, or pursuant to contracts based on spot market prices, and not pursuant to long-term, fixed-price contracts. Accordingly, the prices received for our oil and gas production are dependent upon numerous factors beyond our control. Significant declines in prices for oil and gas could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and quantities of reserves recoverable on an economic basis.  
    
   Oil and gas prices have been volatile, and this volatility is expected to continue.  As a result of the many uncertainties associated with the world political environment, worldwide demand for, and supplies of oil, NGL and gas, the availability of other worldwide energy supplies and the relative competitive relationships of the various energy sources in the view of consumers, we are unable to predict what changes may occur in oil, NGL, and gas prices in the future.  The market price of oil, NGL and gas in 2015, and during the first nine months of 2016, have impacted the amount of cash generated from operating activities, and have in turn impacted our financial position.  

20 

     Table of Contents  

During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the NYMEX future price for oil averaged   $41.54   per Bbl as compared to   $50.98   per Bbl in 2015. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , the NYMEX future spot price for gas averaged   $2.35   per MMBtu compared to   $2.76     per MMBtu in 2015. Prices closed on   September 30, 2016   at   $48.24   per Bbl of oil and   $2.91   per MMBtu of gas, compared to closing on   September 30, 2015   at   $45.09   per Bbl of oil and   $2.52   per MMBtu of gas.  At November 7, 2016, prices closed at $44.89 per Bbl of oil and $2.82 per MMBtu of gas.  If commodity prices remain at these levels or decline further, our revenue and cash flow from operations will also likely decline.  In addition, lower commodity prices could also reduce the amount of oil and gas that we can produce economically.  If oil and gas prices remain depressed or continue to decline, our revenues, profitability and cash flow from operations will also likely decrease which could cause us to alter our business plans, including reducing our drilling activities. Such declines have required, and in future periods could also require us to write down the carrying value of our oil and gas assets which would also cause a reduction in net income. 
    
  The realized prices that we receive for our production differ from NYMEX futures and spot market prices, principally due to:  
             
    basis differentials which are dependent on actual delivery location; 
                
    adjustments for BTU content; 
                
    quality of the hydrocarbons; and 
                
    gathering, processing and transportation costs. 
       
  The following table sets forth our average differentials for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015: 

_____________________________________ 
   (1) Excludes the impact of derivative activities. 
    
   At   September 30, 2016  , our derivative contracts consisted of fixed price swaps. Under fixed price swaps, we receive a fixed price for our production and pay a variable market price to the contract counter-party.  
    
  Our derivative contracts equate to approximately 70% of the estimated oil production from our net proved developed producing reserves (based on our reserve estimates as of June 30, 2016) through December 31, 2016, 90% in 2017,  88% in 2018 and 81% for 2019. By removing a portion of price volatility on our future oil and gas production, we believe we will mitigate, but not eliminate, the potential effects of changing commodity prices on our cash flow from operations for those periods.  However, when prevailing market prices are higher than our contract prices, we will not realize increased cash flow. We have in the past and will in the future sustain losses on our derivative contracts if market prices are higher than our contract prices. Conversely, when prevailing market prices are lower than our contract prices, we will sustain gains on our commodity derivative contracts. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we realized a loss of   $10.3 million  , consisting of a gain of   $3.2 million   on closed contracts and a loss of   $13.5 million   related to open contracts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we realized a gain of   $13.1 million   consisting of a gain of   $6.9 million   on closed contracts and a gain of   $6.2 million   related to open contracts.  We have not designated any of these derivative contracts as hedges as prescribed by applicable accounting rules.  
    
  The following table sets forth our derivative contracts at   September 30, 2016  :  
    
  Fixed Price Swaps: 

21 

     Table of Contents  

Subsequent to   September 30, 2016   we entered into the following derivative contracts. 

At   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate fair market value of our commodity derivative contracts was a net liability of approximately   $2.3 million  .  
    
  Production Volumes.   Our proved reserves will decline as oil and gas is produced, unless we find, acquire or develop additional properties containing proved reserves or conduct successful exploration and development activities.   Based on the reserve information set forth in our reserve estimates as of December 31, 2015, we anticipate our proved developed producing reserves to decline 33%, 26% and 15% in 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Thereafter our reserves are expected to decline an estimated 10% annually.  These rates of decline are estimates and actual production declines could be materially higher.  While we have had some success in finding, acquiring and developing additional reserves, we have not always been able to fully replace the production volumes lost from natural field declines and property sales. Our ability to acquire or find additional reserves in the future will be dependent, in part, upon the amount of available funds for acquisition, exploration and development projects. 
    
  We had capital expenditures during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   of   $24.6 million   related to our exploration and development activities. We are authorized to make capital expenditures in 2016 of up to $40.0 million. Based on current service cost trends, we anticipate capital expenditures to be approximately $35.0 million in 2016.  The 2016 capital expenditure budget is subject to change depending upon a number of factors, including prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and gas, the availability and costs of drilling and service equipment and crews, economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling, the availability of sufficient capital resources, the results of our exploitation efforts, and our ability to obtain permits for drilling locations. 
    
  The following table presents historical net production volumes for the three and nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015: 

Availability of Capital  .    As described more fully under  Liquidity and Capital Resources  below, our sources of capital are cash flow from operating activities, borrowings under our credit facility, cash on hand,   and if appropriate opportunities are available, issuing debt or equity securities, selling assets or monetizing our derivative contracts, although we may not be able to complete any such transactions on terms acceptable to us, if at all.  On May 25, 2016, we completed a stock offering of 28.8 million shares of common stock for net proceeds of approximately $27.2 million. The net proceeds from this stock issuance were used to repay borrowings under our credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016   our borrowing base was $130.0 million. Under the terms of the April 2016 Amendment, the borrowing base was automatically reduced to $120.0 million on October 1, 2016. The borrowing base was further reduced to $115.0 million on October 31, 2016 in connection with the Fall 2016 Redetermination. 
    
  Borrowings and Interest  .    At   September 30, 2016  , we had a total of   $90.0 million   outstanding under our credit facility and total indebtedness of   $95.0 million   (including the current portion). If interest expense increases as a result of higher interest rates or increased borrowings, more cash flow from operations would be used to meet debt service requirements.  As a result, we would need to increase our cash flow from operations in order to fund the development of our drilling opportunities which, in turn, will be dependent upon the level of our production volumes and commodity prices.  
  
   22 

     Table of Contents  

Exploration and Development Activity.   We believe that our high quality asset base, high degree of operational control and inventory of drilling projects position us for future growth. At December 31, 2015, we operated properties accounting for approximately 95% of our PV-10, giving us substantial control over the timing and incurrence of operating and capital expenditures. We have identified numerous additional drilling locations on our existing leaseholds, the successful development of which we believe could significantly increase our production and proved reserves. Over the five years ended December 31, 2015, we drilled or participated in 145 gross (55.8 net) wells of which 97% were productive. 
    
  Our future oil and gas production, and therefore our success, is highly dependent upon our ability to find, acquire and develop additional reserves that are profitable to produce. The rate of production from our oil and gas properties and our proved reserves will decline as our reserves are produced unless we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful development and exploration activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves. We cannot assure you that our exploration and development activities will result in increases in our proved reserves. If our proved reserves decline in the future, our production may also decline and, consequently, our cash flow from operations and the amount that we are able to borrow under our credit facility may also decline. In addition, approximately 60% of our estimated proved reserves on a Boe basis (19% on a PV-10 basis) at December 31, 2015 were undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. We may be unable to acquire or develop additional reserves or develop our existing undeveloped reserves, in which case our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
    
  Operational Update 
    
  Williston Basin 
  At our North Fork prospect, in McKenzie County, North Dakota, the Stenehjem 10H, 12H and 14H wells targeting the Three Forks averaged 1,059 Boepd (786 barrels of oil per day, 1,642 Mcf of natural gas per day) over their first 30 days of production.   The Stenehjem 11H, 13H and 15H wells targeting the Middle Bakken averaged 1,226 Boepd (915 barrels of oil per day, 1,864 Mcf of natural gas per day) over their first 30 days of production.   We own a working interest of approximately 78% in Stenehjem 10H-15H.  
    
     T  he 30-day average rates represent the highest 30 days of production and do not include the impact of natural gas liquids and shrinkage at the processing plant and include flared gas.   
    
  Austin Chalk 
  At our Jourdanton prospect in Atascosa County, Texas, the Bulls Eye 101H is currently on production.  Although the well has not achieved the anticipated initial production rate to date, it did achieve reasonable production rates and has shown a very stable production profile.  The well continues to clean up having recovered approximately 40% of its load water and over 15,000 Boes to date.   We will update the market with more specific numbers once volumes stabilize.   We own a 100% working interest in the Bulls Eye 101H.   
    
  Permian 
  In Ward County, Texas, we successfully drilled the Caprito 99-101H to a total depth of 15,665 feet.  The completion of the Caprito 99-101H has been delayed due to completion issues on a third party s well, which has delayed the arrival of the frac fleet.  We have been advised by the third party frac company that the rig up date for our planned 25 stage completion of the Caprito 99-101H is now November 9.  We own a 100% working interest in the Caprito 99-101H. 
    
  2016 Outlook 
    
  Market prices for oil, gas and NGL are inherently volatile. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty the future prices for the commodities we produce and sell. Current market fundamentals indicate prices for oil, gas and NGL will continue to be depressed for the remainder of 2016. Although changes in OPEC production strategies, geopolitical risks or other factors could impact current forecasts, we anticipate weak commodity prices throughout 2016. Depressed prices for oil, gas and NGL will likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash flow from operations, borrowings under our credit facility, sales of non-core assets and other capital transactions, when available.  Cash flow from operations is sensitive to many variables, the most volatile of which is the price of the oil, gas and NGL we produce and sell. Our consolidated cash flow from operations increased in the first nine months of 2016 primarily as a result of the monetization of some of our derivative positions.  Availability under our credit facility is currently subject to a borrowing base of $115.0 million based on the Fall 2016 Redetermination . The amount of  
  
   23 

     Table of Contents  

the borrowing base is calculated by the lenders based upon their valuation of our proved reserves securing the facility utilizing these reserve reports and their own internal decisions.  The lenders under our credit facility can unilaterally adjust the borrowing base and the borrowings permitted to be outstanding under our credit facility.  
    
  As a result of the sharp decline in commodity prices, we recorded an impairment to our proved properties of $128.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 and an additional impairment of   $67.6 million   for the first nine months of 2016. The amount of any additional impairment is contingent upon many factors such as the price of oil, gas and NGL for the remainder of 2016, increases or decreases in our reserve base, changes in estimated costs and expenses, and oil and gas property acquisitions, which could increase, decrease or eliminate the need for such impairments. 
    
  While we will continue to operate and develop our portfolio of assets, we are committed to protecting our balance sheet and managing our capital programs. For 2017, Abraxas anticipates drilling expenditures to approximate cash flow.  As a result, we can significantly reduce our capital budget in response to lower commodity prices. We are also committed to reducing our general and administrative, or "(G A)" and field-level operating costs commensurate with our reduced, but focused, activity level. Abraxas President and CEO took a voluntary salary reduction of 20% effective September 1, 2015, and effective February 1, 2016, the remaining named executive officers of Abraxas took a voluntary salary reduction of 20%. 
    
  Results of Operations 
    
  Selected Operating Data  . The following table sets forth operating data from continuing operations for the periods presented. 

___________________ 
           (1) 
    Revenue and average sales prices are before the impact of hedging activities. 
       
     Comparison of Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 to Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 
    
  Operating Revenue  . During the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , operating revenue decreased to   $14.0 million   from   $16.1 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to lower prices for all products as well as lower sales volumes for oil.  Lower realized commodity prices had a negative impact on revenue of $1.0 million of which  $0.5 million was attributable to oil. Lower oil sales volumes had a negative impact on revenue of approximately $1.2 million for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
    
  Oil sales volumes decreased to   334   MBbl during the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   365   MBbl for the same period of 2015. The decrease in oil sales volume was primarily due to natural field declines and property sales. We sold non-core assets effective June 1, 2016 which contributed 14.4 MBbl in the third quarter of 2015. Production decreases  
  
   24 

     Table of Contents  

were partially offset by new wells brought on line since the third quarter of 2015 which contributed 150 MBbl for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  . Gas sales volumes increased to   765   MMcf for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   750   MMcf for the same period of 2015. The increase in gas production was due to new wells brought on line since September 30, 2015 which contributed 184 MMcf for the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , which was partially offset by natural declines as well as pipeline constraints. NGL sales volumes increased to   86   MBbl for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   from   62   MBbl for the same period of 2015. The increase in NGL sales was primarily due to more gas production in the Rocky Mountain Region which has a higher NGL content.  NGL sales were negatively impacted by plant and pipeline issues in North Dakota and West Texas. 
    
  Lease Operating Expenses ( LOE )  .   LOE for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $4.6 million   from   $5.2 million   for the same period in 2015.  Due to the decline in commodity prices, there has been a decrease in the cost of services. Additionally we have focused on lowering LOE and shutting in marginal wells, as well as sales of non-core properties. We have also significantly reduced our non-recurring projects. LOE per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $8.40   compared to   $9.48   for the same period of 2015.  The decrease per Boe was due to lower costs incurred for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of 2015. 
    
  Production and Ad Valorem Taxes.   Production and ad valorem taxes for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $1.2 million   from   $1.6 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease was due to lower commodity prices and lower sales volumes.  Production taxes for the three month ended   September 30, 2016   were 9% of total oil, gas and NGL sales compared to 10% for the same period of 2015.  
  General and Administrative ( G A ) Expense.   G A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   increased to   $2.0 million   from   $1.8 million   for the same period of 2015. The increase in G A expense was primarily the result of less G A expense being capitalized due to decrease drilling activities,  which was offset by cost savings measures, including salary reductions. G A expense per Boe, excluding stock-based compensation, was   $3.64   for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.29   for the same period of 2015. The increase per Boe was primarily due to higher costs and lower production.  
  Stock-Based Compensation.   Options granted to employees and directors are valued at the date of grant and expense is recognized over the options vesting period. In addition to options, restricted shares of the Company s common stock have been granted and are valued at the date of grant and expense is recognized over their vesting period. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015,  stock-based compensation was   $0.8 million   for each period.  
  Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization ( DD A ) Expense.   DD A expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $6.4 million   from   $10.2 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of a  reduction in the full cost pool as a result of the proved property impairment in 2015 and the first nine months  of 2016.  DD A expense per Boe for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $11.63   compared to   $18.40   in 2015.  
  Ceiling Limitation Write-Down  .   We record the carrying value of our oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties. Under this method, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore for and develop oil and gas properties.  Under the full cost accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of oil and gas properties less related deferred taxes, are limited by country, to the lower of the unamortized cost or the cost ceiling, defined as the sum of the present value of estimated unescalated future revenues from proved reserves, discounted at 10%, plus the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, plus the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties included in the costs being amortized, if any, less related income taxes.  If the net capitalized cost of oil and gas properties exceeds the ceiling limit, we are subject to a ceiling limitation write-down to the extent of such excess. A ceiling limitation write-down is a charge to earnings which does not impact cash flow from operating activities. However, such write-downs do impact the amount of our stockholders' equity and reported earnings.    As of   September 30, 2016  , our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the cost ceiling of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $3.8 million  , resulting in the recognition of a proved property impairment of the same amount. As of   September 30, 2015  , our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the cost ceiling of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $59.9 million  , resulting in the recognition of a proved property impairment of the same amount.  
    
  The risk that we will be required to write-down the carrying value of our oil and gas assets increases when oil and gas prices are depressed or volatile.  In addition, write-downs may occur if we have substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or if any of our proved reserves are revised downward, a further write-down of the carrying value of our oil and gas properties may be required. 
  
   25 

     Table of Contents  

Interest Expense.    Interest     expense for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 was constant at   $1.0 million  . Although overall debt levels were lower for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to 2015, our interest rate was slightly higher for the three months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to 2015. 
    
  Loss (Gain) on Derivative Contracts  .    Derivative gains or losses are determined by actual derivative settlements during the period and on the periodic mark to market valuation of derivative contracts in place. We have elected not to apply hedge accounting to our derivative contracts; therefore, fluctuations in the market value of the derivative contracts are recognized in earnings during the current period.  Our derivative contracts consisted of NYMEX-based fixed price swaps as of   September 30, 2016  , and NYMEX-based fixed price swaps and three-way collar contracts as of   September 30, 2015  .  The estimated value of our commodity derivative contracts was a net liability of approximately   $2.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . When our derivative contract prices are higher than prevailing market prices, we incur gains and conversely, when our derivative contract prices are lower than prevailing market prices, we incur losses. For the three months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized a gain on our commodity derivative contracts of   $2.4 million  , consisting of a loss on closed contracts of   $1.1 million   and a gain of   $3.5 million   relating to open contracts.  For the three months ended   September 30, 2015  , we recognized a gain on our commodity derivative contracts of   $12.2 million  , consisting of a gain of   $1.7 million   on closed contracts and a gain of   $10.5 million   related to open contracts. We monetized a portion of our derivative contracts in March and  April 2016.  Cash flows from future settlements are expected to decrease as a result. 
  Income Tax Expense.    For the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 there was no income tax expense recognized as a result of NOL carryforwards and a net loss in the three months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015. 
  Comparison of Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2016   to Nine Months Ended   September 30, 2015    
  Operating Revenue  .   During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , operating revenue decreased to $  34.5 million   from   $53.7 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to lower prices for all products as well as lower sales volumes for oil and gas. Lower realized commodity prices had a negative impact on revenue of $13.2 million, of which $9.7 million was attributable to oil. Lower sales volumes for oil and gas had a negative impact on revenue of $6.2 million.  
  Oil sales volumes decreased to   919   MBbl during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   from   1,100   MBbl for the same period of 2015. The decrease in oil sales volume was primarily due to natural field declines and sales of non-core properties. We sold non-core properties effective June 1, 2016 which contributed 43.8 MBbl during the first nine months of 2015. Production decreases were offset by new wells brought on line since the third quarter of 2015 which contributed 267 MBbl  for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . Gas sales volumes decreased to   2,232   MMcf for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   from   2,246   MMcf for the same period of 2015. The decrease in gas sales was primarily due to natural field declines. Production decreases were partially offset by new wells brought on line. New wells brought onto production contributed 364 MMcf for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  . NGL sales volumes increased to   239   MBbl for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   from   169   MBbl for the same period of 2015. The increase in NGL sales was primarily due to a higher percentage of our gas production from West Texas, North Dakota and the Eagle Ford that has a higher NGL content. 
  LOE  .   LOE     for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $13.6   million from   $17.8 million   for the same period of 2015. Due to the decline in commodity prices, there has been a decrease in the cost of services. Additionally, we have focused on lowering LOE and shutting in marginal wells. We have also significantly reduced non-recurring workover projects. LOE per Boe for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $8.89   compared to   $10.83   for the same period of 2015. The decrease per Boe was due to lower service costs for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   as compared to the same period of 2015. 
  Production and Ad Valorem Taxes  . Production and ad valorem taxes for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $3.6 million   from   $5.3 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of lower commodity prices and lower sales volumes. Production taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015 were 10% of total oil, gas and NGL sales.  
  G A Expenses.   G A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, decreased to   $5.8 million   for the first nine months of 2016 from   $6.1 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease in G A expense was primarily related to cost saving measures, including reduced salaries. G A expense per Boe, excluding stock-based compensation expense, was   $3.81   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to   $3.71   for the same period of 2015. The increase per Boe was primarily due to the decrease in volumes produced offset by the lower costs in the first nine months of 2016 compared to the same period in 2015. 
  
   26 

     Table of Contents  

Stock-Based Compensation.   Options granted to employees and directors are valued at the date of grant and expense is recognized over the options vesting period. In addition to options, restricted shares of the Company's common stock have been granted and are valued at the date of grant and expense is recognized over their vesting period. For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   stock based compensation was   $2.4 million   as compared to   $3.1 million   for the same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily due to option grants in 2016 at a lower stock price as compared to 2015. 
  DD A Expenses  . DD A expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   decreased to   $17.9 million   from   $31.0 million   for same period of 2015. The decrease was primarily the result of a reduction in the full cost pool as a result of impairments in 2015 and 2016. Our DD A expense per Boe for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $11.72   compared to   $18.89   in 2015. 
  Ceiling Limitation Write-Down  .   We record the carrying value of our oil and gas properties using the full cost method of accounting for oil and gas properties. Under this method, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore for and develop oil and gas properties.  Under the full cost accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of oil and gas properties less related deferred taxes, are limited by country, to the lower of the unamortized cost or the cost ceiling, defined as the sum of the present value of estimated unescalated future net revenues from proved reserves, discounted at 10%, plus the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, plus the lower of cost or estimated fair value of unproved properties included in the costs being amortized, if any, less related income taxes.  If the net capitalized cost of oil and gas properties exceeds the ceiling limit, we are subject to a ceiling limitation write-down to the extent of such excess. A ceiling limitation write-down is a charge to earnings which does not impact cash flow from operating activities. However, such write-downs do impact the amount of our stockholders' equity and reported earnings.   As of   September 30, 2016  , our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the cost ceiling of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $3.8 million  ,   resulting in the recognition of a proved property impairment of the same amount. Total impairment for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 was   $67.6 million  , which includes $63.8 recognized in the first half of 2016. As of   September 30, 2015  , our net capitalized costs of oil and gas properties exceeded the cost ceiling of our estimated proved reserves by approximately   $59.9 million  , resulting in the recognition of a proved property impairment of the same amount.  
  The risk that we will be required to write-down the carrying value of our oil and gas assets increases when oil and gas prices are depressed or volatile.  In addition, write-downs may occur if we have substantial downward revisions in our estimated proved reserves. We cannot assure you that we will not experience additional write-downs in the future. If commodity prices decline or if any of our proved reserves are revised downward, a further write-down of the carrying value of our oil and gas properties may be required. 
  Interest Expense.   Interest     expense for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   was   $3.3 million   as compared to   $2.8 million   for the same period of 2015. The increase in 2016 was due to higher interest rates during the nine months of 2016 as compared to the same period of 2015. 
  Loss (Gain) on Derivative Contracts  .   We account for derivative contract gains and losses based on realized and unrealized amounts. The realized derivative gains or losses are determined by actual derivative settlements during the period. Unrealized gains and losses are based on the periodic mark to market valuation of derivative contracts in place. Our derivative contract transactions do not qualify for hedge accounting; therefore, fluctuations in the market value of the derivative contracts are recognized in earnings during the current period. During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , our derivative contracts consisted of commodity swaps. The net estimated value of our commodity derivative contracts was a net liability of approximately   $2.3 million   as of   September 30, 2016  . When our derivative contract prices are higher than prevailing market prices, we incur realized and unrealized gains and conversely, when our derivative contract prices are lower than prevailing market prices, we incur realized and unrealized losses.  For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , we recognized a loss on our commodity derivative contracts of   $10.3 million  , consisting of a gain on closed contracts of   $3.2 million   and a loss of   $13.5 million   relating to open contracts.  For the nine months ended September 30, 2015, we recognized a gain on our commodity derivative contracts of   $13.1 million  , consisting of a gain of   $6.9 million   on closed contracts and a gain of   $6.2 million   related to open contracts. We monetized a portion of our derivative contracts in March and April 2016.  Cash flows from future settlements are expected to decrease as a result. 
  Income Tax Expense.    For the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 there was no income tax expense recognized as a result of NOL carryforwards and a net loss in the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  .  
  Liquidity and Capital Resources 
    
  General  . The oil and gas industry is a highly capital intensive and cyclical business. Our capital requirements are driven principally by our obligations to service debt and to fund the following: 

27 

     Table of Contents  

the development and exploration of existing properties, including drilling and completion costs of wells; 
                
    acquisition of interests in additional oil and gas properties; and 
                
    production and transportation facilities. 
       
  The amount of capital expenditures we are able to make has a direct impact on our ability to increase cash flow from operations and, thereby, will directly affect our ability to service our debt obligations and to grow the business through the development of existing properties and the acquisition of new properties. 
    
  Our principal sources of capital are cash flow from operations, borrowings under our credit facility, cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of properties, and if appropriate opportunities are available, selling of debt or equity securities, selling assets or monetizing derivative contracts, although we may not be able to complete any such transactions on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Based upon current oil, gas and NGL price expectations and our commodity derivatives positions, we anticipate that our cash on hand, cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility will provide us sufficient liquidity to fund our operations for the remainder of 2016 including our planned capital expenditures. 
    
  On September 20, 2016 we closed on the sale of our Portilla oil and gas properties as well as related surface for approximately $13.1 million. Proceeds from this sale were used to reduce amounts outstanding under our credit facility. 
    
  Capital Expenditures  . Capital expenditures for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 were   $24.6 million   and   $52.6 million  , respectively.  
    
  The table below sets forth the components of these capital expenditures: 

During the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 our expenditures were primarily for development of our existing properties.  We are authorized to make capital expenditures in 2016 of up to $40.0 million. Based on current service cost trends, we anticipate capital expenditures to be approximately $35.0 million in 2016.  The 2016 capital expenditure budget is subject to change depending upon a number of factors, including prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and gas, the availability and costs of drilling and service equipment and crews, economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling, the availability of sufficient capital resources, the results of our exploitation efforts, and our ability to obtain permits for drilling locations. 

Sources of Capital.   The net funds provided by and/or used in each of the operating, investing and financing activities are summarized in the following table and discussed in further detail below:  

Operating activities for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   provided   $22.2 million   in cash compared to providing   $0.1 million   in the same period of 2015. Non-cash expense items, net changes in operating assets and liabilities and the monetization of hedges accounted for most of these funds. Investing activities used   $7.0 million   during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  ,  capital expenditures of   $24.6 million  , and were offset by proceeds from sales of oil and gas properties of   $13.6 million   for the period. Investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2015 used   $52.5  
  
   28 

     Table of Contents  

million  . Funds used during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   and 2015 were primarily for the development of our existing properties.  Financing activities used   $18.7 million   for the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   compared to providing   $48.6 million   for the same period of 2015.  Funds used during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   were primarily payments on borrowings under our credit facility offset by proceeds from the equity offering in May 2016. Funds provided during the nine months ended September 30, 2015 were primarily proceeds from borrowings under our credit facility. 
     
  Future Capital Resources  . Our principal sources of capital going forward are cash flow from operating activities, borrowings under our credit facility, cash on hand,  and if appropriate opportunities are available, issuing  of debt or equity securities,  selling assets or monetizing our derivative contracts, although we may not be able to complete any such transactions on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
    
  Cash from operating activities is dependent upon commodity prices and production volumes.  Depressed commodity prices have reduced, and further decreases in commodity prices from current levels could reduce our cash flows from operations.  This could cause us to alter our business plans, including reducing our exploration and development plans.  Unless we otherwise expand and develop reserves, our production volumes may decline as reserves are produced.  In the future we may continue to sell producing properties, which could further reduce our production volumes. To offset the loss in production volumes resulting from natural field declines and sales of producing properties, we must conduct successful exploration and development activities, acquire additional producing properties or identify and develop additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves. We believe our numerous drilling opportunities will allow us to increase our production volumes; however, our drilling activities are subject to numerous risks, including availability of capital and the risk that no commercially productive oil and gas reservoirs will be found.  If our proved reserves decline in the future, our production could also decline and, consequently, our cash flow from operations and the amount that we are able to borrow under our credit facility could also decline. The risk of not finding commercially productive reservoirs will be compounded by the fact that 60% of our total estimated proved reserves on a Boe basis (19% on a PV-10 basis) at December 31, 2015 were classified as undeveloped. 
    
  We have in the past, and may in the future, sell producing properties. We have also sold debt and equity securities in the past, and may sell additional debt and equity securities in the future when the opportunity presents itself. 
    
  Contractual Obligations.   We are committed to making cash payments in the future on the following types of agreements: 

Long-term debt, and 
                
    Operating leases for office facilities. 
       
  Below is a schedule of the future payments that we are obligated to make based on agreements in place as of   September 30, 2016  : 

___________________________ 
           (1) 
    These amounts represent the balances outstanding under our credit facility, the rig loan agreement and the real estate lien note. These payments assume that we will not borrow additional funds. 
              (2) 
    Interest expense assumes the balances of long-term debt at the end of the period and current effective interest rates. 
        
  We maintain a reserve for costs associated with future site restoration related to the retirement of tangible long-lived assets. At   September 30, 2016  , our reserve for these obligations totaled   $8.6 million   for which no contractual commitments exist. For additional information relating to this obligation, see Note 1 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
  
   29 

     Table of Contents  

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.   At   September 30, 2016   we had no existing off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined under SEC regulations, that have, or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 
    
  Contingencies.   From time to time, we are involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. At   September 30, 2016  , we were not engaged in any legal proceedings that are expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on us. 
    
  Long-Term Indebtedness. 
    
  Long-term debt consisted of the following: 

Credit Facility 
    
  We have a senior secured credit facility with Soci t  G n rale, as administrative agent and issuing lender, and certain other lenders, which we refer to as the credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  ,   $90.0 million   was outstanding under the credit facility. 
    
  The credit facility has a maximum commitment of   $300.0 million   and availability is subject to a borrowing base. The borrowing base is determined semi-annually by the lenders based upon our reserve reports, one of which must be prepared by our independent petroleum engineers and one of which may be prepared internally. The amount of the borrowing base is calculated by the lenders based upon their valuation of our proved reserves securing the facility utilizing these reserve reports and their own internal decisions. In addition, the lenders, in their sole discretion, are able to make one additional borrowing base redetermination during any six-month period between scheduled redeterminations and we are able to request one redetermination during any six-month period between scheduled redeterminations.  The borrowing base will be automatically reduced in connection with any sales of producing properties with a market value of 5% or more of our then-current borrowing base and in connection with any hedge termination which could reduce the collateral value by 5% or more. Our borrowing base can never exceed the $300.0 million maximum commitment amount.   
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , we had a borrowing base of   $130.0 million  , based on  the April 2016 Amendment.  In accordance with the terms of the April 2016 Amendment, the borrowing base was automatically reduced to    $120.0 million   effective October 1, 2016. The borrowing base was further reduced to   $115.0 million   on October 31, 2016 in connection with the Fall 2016 Redetermination. 
    
  Outstanding amounts under the credit facility bear interest (x) at any time an event of default exists, at   3%   per annum plus the amounts set forth below, (y) between April 1, 2016  and October 1, 2016 , 0.25% per annum plus the rates set forth below and (z) at all other times, at (a) the greater of (1) the reference rate announced from time to time by Soci t  G n rale, (2) the Federal Funds Rate plus   0.5%  , and (3) a rate determined by Soci t  G n rale as the daily one-month LIBOR plus, in each case, (b)   0.75%  -  1.75%  , depending on the utilization of the borrowing base, or, if we elect, LIBOR plus, in each case,   1.75%  -  2.75%   depending on the utilization of the borrowing base. At   September 30, 2016  , the interest rate on the credit facility was approximately   3.02%   assuming LIBOR borrowings. 
    
  Subject to earlier termination rights and events of default, the stated maturity date of the credit facility is   June 30, 2018  . Interest is payable quarterly on reference rate advances and not less than quarterly on LIBOR advances. We are permitted  
  
   30 

     Table of Contents  

to terminate the credit facility and are able, from time to time, to permanently reduce the lenders  aggregate commitment under the credit facility in compliance with certain notice and dollar increment requirements. 
    
  Each of our subsidiaries has guaranteed our obligations under the credit facility on a senior secured basis. Obligations under the credit facility are secured by a first priority perfected security interest, subject to certain permitted encumbrances, in all of our and our subsidiary guarantors  material property and assets, other than Raven Drilling. In connection with the April 2016 Amendment, we also agreed to grant our lenders a security interest in our headquarters building (in addition to the lien granted to the lender under our building loan described below) and two ranches we own, none of which had previously secured our obligations under the credit facility. One of the ranches was sold in September 2016 in connection with the sale of our Portilla oil and gas properties. 
    
  Under the credit facility, we are subject to customary covenants, including certain financial covenants and reporting requirements.  We are required to maintain a current ratio, as of the last day of each quarter of not less than   1.00   to 1.00 and an interest coverage ratio of not less than   2.50   to 1.00.  We are also required as of the last day of each quarter to maintain a total debt to EBITDAX ratio of not more than   4.00   to 1.00. The current ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated current assets to consolidated current liabilities.  For the purposes of this calculation, current assets include the portion of the borrowing base which is undrawn but excludes any cash deposited with a counter-party to a hedging arrangement and any assets representing a valuation account arising from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20 and current liabilities exclude the current portion of long-term debt and any liabilities representing a valuation account arising from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20.  The interest coverage ratio is defined as the ratio of consolidated EBITDAX to consolidated interest expense for the four fiscal quarters ended on the calculation date. For the purposes of this calculation, EBITDAX is defined as the sum of consolidated net income plus interest expense, oil and gas exploration expenses, income, franchise or margin taxes, depreciation, amortization, depletion and other non-cash charges including non-cash charges resulting from the application of ASC 718, ASC 815 and ASC 410-20 plus all realized net cash proceeds arising from the settlement or monetization of any hedge contracts plus expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance of the credit facility plus expenses incurred in connection with any acquisition permitted under the credit facility plus expenses incurred in connection with any offering of senior unsecured notes, subordinated debt or equity plus up to $1.0 million of extraordinary expenses in any 12-month period plus extraordinary losses minus all non-cash items of income which were included in determining consolidated net income (loss), including all non-cash items resulting from the application of ASC 815 and ASC 410-20. Interest expense includes total interest, letter of credit fees and other fees and expenses incurred in connection with any debt. The total debt to EBITDAX ratio is defined as the ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDAX for the four fiscal quarters ended on the calculation date.  For the purposes of this calculation, total debt is the outstanding principal amount of debt, excluding debt associated with the office building, Raven Drilling s rig loan and obligations with respect to surety bonds and derivative contracts  . 
    
   At   September 30, 2016   we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants. As of   September 30, 2016  , the interest coverage ratio was   9.65   to 1.00, the total debt to EBITDAX ratio was   2.37   to 1.00, and our current ratio was   1.73   to 1.00. 

The credit facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to:  
             
    incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 
                
    transfer or sell assets; 
                
    create liens on assets; 
                
    engage in transactions with affiliates other than on an  arm s length  basis; 
                
    make any change in the principal nature of our business; and 
                
    permit a change of control. 
     The April 2016 Amendment also included certain additional covenants including: 

100% of the net proceeds from any sale of any of our properties occurring between April 1, 2016 and October 1, 2016 must be used to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; 

100% of the net proceeds from any terminations of derivative contracts must be used to repay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; 

if the sum of our cash on hand plus liquid investments exceeds $10.0 million, then the amount in excess of $10.0 million must be used to pay amounts outstanding under the credit facility; and 

31 

     Table of Contents  

granting the lenders a security interest in at least 90% of the PV-10 of our proven reserves. 

The credit facility also contains customary events of default, including nonpayment of principal or interest, violations of covenants, cross default and cross acceleration to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and material judgments and liabilities.  
    
  Rig Loan Agreement 
    
  On September 19, 2011 Raven Drilling entered into a rig loan agreement, secured by our Oilwell   2,000   HP diesel electric drilling rig (the  Collateral ). The principal amount of the note was   $7.0 million   and bears interest at   4.26%  .  The note is payable in monthly interest and principal payments in the amount of   $179,695  . Subject to earlier prepayment provisions and events of default, the stated maturity date of the note is   February 14, 2017  . As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015,   $1.1 million   and   $2.6 million  , respectively, were outstanding under the rig loan agreement. 
    
  The Company has guaranteed Raven Drilling s obligations under the rig loan agreement and associated note.  Obligations under the rig loan agreement are secured by a first priority perfected security interest, subject to certain permitted encumbrances, in the Collateral. 
    
  Real Estate Lien Note 
    
  We have a real estate lien note secured by a first lien deed of trust on the property and improvements which serves as our corporate headquarters. The note bears interest at a fixed rate of   4.25%   and is payable in monthly installments of $  34,354  .  Beginning August 20, 2018, the interest rate will adjust to the bank's then current prime rate plus   1.00%   with a maximum rate of   7.25%  .  The maturity date of the note is July 20, 2023. As of   September 30, 2016   and December 31, 2015,   $3.9 million   and   $4.1 million  , respectively, were outstanding on the note. 
    
  Hedging Activities 
    
  Our results of operations are significantly affected by fluctuations in commodity prices and we seek to reduce our exposure to price volatility by hedging our production through swaps, options and other commodity derivative instruments. We have entered into commodity swaps on approximately 79% of our estimated oil production from our net proved developed producing reserves (based on reserve estimates as of June 30, 2016) through December 31, 2016, 90% for 2017, 88% for 2018 and 81% for 2019. 
    
  By removing a portion of price volatility on our future oil and gas production, we believe that we will mitigate, but not eliminate, the potential effects of changing commodity prices on our cash flow from operations.  However, when prevailing market prices are higher than our contract prices, we will not realize increased cash flow on the portion of the production that has been hedged.  We have sustained, and in the future will sustain, losses on our derivative contracts when market prices are higher than our contract prices. Conversely, when prevailing market prices are lower than our contract prices, we will sustain gains on our commodity derivative contracts.  
    
  If the disparity between our contract prices and market prices continues, we will sustain gains or losses on our derivative contracts. While gains and losses resulting from the periodic mark to market of our open contracts do not impact our cash flow from operations, gains and losses from settlements of our closed contracts do impact our cash flow from operations.  
    
    In addition, as our derivative contracts expire over time, we expect to enter into new derivative contracts at then-current market prices.  If the prices at which we hedge future production are significantly lower than our existing derivative contracts, our future cash flow from operations would likely be materially lower.   
  
   32 

Table of Contents  

Item 3.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
    
  Commodity Price Risk 
    
  As an independent oil and gas producer, our revenue, cash flow from operations, other income and profitability, reserve values, access to capital and future rate of growth are substantially dependent upon the prevailing prices of oil and gas. Declines in commodity prices will adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and operating results. Lower commodity prices may reduce the amount of oil and gas that we can produce economically. Prevailing prices for such commodities are subject to wide fluctuation in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand and a variety of additional factors beyond our control, such as global, political and economic conditions. Historically, prices received for our oil and gas production have been volatile and unpredictable, and such volatility is expected to continue. Most of our production is sold at market prices. Generally, if the commodity indexes fall, the price that we receive for our production will also decline. Therefore, the amount of revenue that we realize is partially determined by factors beyond our control. Assuming the production levels we attained during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016  , a 10% decline in oil and gas prices would have reduced our operating revenue, cash flow and net income by approximately   $3.5 million  . If commodity prices remain at their current levels the impact on operating revenues and cash flow, could be much more significant.  However, we do have derivative contracts in place that will mitigate the impact of low commodity prices. 
    
  Derivative Instrument Sensitivity 
    
  At   September 30, 2016  , the aggregate fair market value of our commodity derivative contracts was a liability of approximately   $2.3 million  . The fair market value of our commodity derivative contracts is sensitive to changes in the market price for oil and gas. When our derivative contract prices are higher than prevailing market prices, we incur gains and conversely, when our derivative contract prices are lower than prevailing market prices, we incur losses. A 10% increase or decrease in commodity price futures could cause an equivalent change in fair value of our contracts and accordingly our gains and losses on the contracts. 
    
  Interest Rate Risk 
    
  We are subject to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under our credit facility.  As of   September 30, 2016  , we had   $90.0 million   of outstanding indebtedness under our credit facility. Effective April 1, 2016, outstanding amounts under the credit facility bear interest (x) at any time an event of default exists, at 3% per annum plus the amounts set forth below, (y) between April 1, 2016 to the earlier of October 1, 2016 and the effective date of the  Fall 2016 Redetermination, 0.25% per annum plus the rates set forth below and (z) at all other times, at (a) the greater of (1) the reference rate announced from time to time by Soci t  G n rale, (2) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.5%, and (3) a rate determined by Soci t  G n rale as the daily one-month LIBOR plus, in each case, (b) 0.75%-1.75%, depending on the utilization of the borrowing base, or, if we elect, LIBOR plus, in each case, 1.75%-2.75% depending on the utilization of the borrowing base. At   September 30, 2016   the interest rate on the credit facility was approximately   3.02%   assuming LIBOR borrowings. For every percentage point that the LIBOR rate rises, our interest expense would increase by approximately   $0.9 million   on an annual basis, based on our outstanding indebtedness as of   September 30, 2016  . 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures  . 
    
  As of the end of the period covered by this report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of Abraxas   disclosure controls and procedures  (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e)and 15d-15(e)) and concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
    
  There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the nine months ended   September 30, 2016   covered by this report that could materially affect, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our financial reporting. 

33 

Table of Contents  

PART II 

Item 1.  Legal Proceedings. 
    
  From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of its operations in the normal course of business. At   September 30, 2016  , the Company was not engaged in any legal proceedings that are expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material adverse impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
    
  In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider 4he factors discussed in Part I,  Item 1A. Risk Factors  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future results. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing Abraxas. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Item 2.    Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
    
  None 

Item 3.    Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
    
  None 

Item 4.    Mine Safety Disclosure. 
    
  Not applicable 

Item 5.    Other Information. 
    
  None 

Item 6.    Exhibits. 
    
           (a) 
    Exhibits 

34 

Table of Contents  

ABRAXAS PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
    
  SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By:     /s/Robert L.G. Watson                                                       

ROBERT L.G. WATSON, 

President and 

Principal Executive Officer 

Date 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By  : /s/Geoffrey R. King                                                      

GEOFFREY R. KING, 

Vice President and 

Principal Financial Officer 

Date 
    November 9, 2016 
      
    By  : /s/G. William Krog, Jr.                                                

G. WILLIAM KROG, JR., 

Principal Accounting Officer 

35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 axas10-q09302016ex311.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.1 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Robert L. G. Watson, certify that:     
       
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly 
      report on Form 10-Q of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation. 
           2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
              (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
              (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:   November 9, 2016    
  /s/ Robert L.G. Watson 
  Robert L.G. Watson 
  Chairman of the Board, President and 
  Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 axas10-q09302016ex312.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 31.2 
    
  CERTIFICATIONS 
    
  I, Geoffrey R. King, certify that:     
       
           1. 
    I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation. 
              2. 
    Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 
              3. 
    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report. 
              4. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
       
           (a) 
    designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
              (b) 
    designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
              (c) 
    evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
              (d) 
    disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
           5. 
    The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
       
           (a) 
    all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
              (b) 
    any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
       
  Date:    November 9, 2016    
  /s/ Geoffrey R. King 
  Geoffrey R. King  
  Vice President and  
  Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 axas10-q09302016ex321.htm
 CEO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.1 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Robert L.G. Watson, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
              (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Robert L.G. Watson 
  Robert L.G. Watson 
  Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
    November 9, 2016    

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 axas10-q09302016ex322.htm
 CFO CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 

Exhibit 32.2 
    
  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Abraxas Petroleum Corporation (the  Company ) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended   September 30, 2016   as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), I, Geoffrey R. King, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
    
           (1) 
    The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
       
           (2) 
    The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/Geoffrey R. King 
  Geoffrey R. King 
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
    November 9, 2016    

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of  18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
    
  A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 axas-20160930.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 axas-20160930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 axas-20160930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 axas-20160930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 axas-20160930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 axas-20160930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

