<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20161031_10-K_edgar_data_1602813_0001549727-16-000160_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1337787</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>80316</NetFileSize>
    <ASCII_Embedded_Chars>209755</ASCII_Embedded_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>282233</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>356281</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>322121</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>16</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001549727-16-000160.hdr.sgml : 20161031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20161028181712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001549727-16-000160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161028

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRONTERA GROUP INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001602813
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742]
		IRS NUMBER:				464429598
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198524
		FILM NUMBER:		161959713

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8670 W.CHEYENNE, SUITE 120
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89129
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7027180140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8670 W.CHEYENNE, SUITE 120
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001549727-16-000160.txt : 20161031

10-K
 1
 frtgform10kjune302016.htm
 FORM 10-K

Converted by EDGARwiz 

UNITED STATES   
   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION   
   Washington, D.C. 20549   
     
   FORM 10-K   
     
  (Mark One)  

For the fiscal year ended    June 30, 2016   
  or  
     
  [   ]          TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  For the transition period from _____________________ to ___________________________  
     
  Commission file number 333-198524  

FRONTERA GROUP INC.   
  (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)  

Registrant s telephone number including area code:    909-374-5750   
     
   Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:   

Title of each class  
       
    Name of each exchange on  
  which registered  
  
     Common Stock   

$0.001 par value   
         
     None   

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:   
     
   None   
  (Title of class)  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act     Yes [   ]   No [ X ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. [   ]  
     
  Note - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections.  
       
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.           
  Yes [ X ]   No [    ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T ( 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).            Yes [ X ]   No [   ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendments to this From 10-K.  [   ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  and  smaller reporting company  in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.     
     
  Large accelerated filer [   ]                                                                                        Accelerated filer [   ]  
  Non-accelerated filer [   ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)               Smaller reporting company [ X ]  
     
  Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [   ]   No [ X ]  
     
  State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal quarter  
     
  As of December 31, 2015, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the price at which the common equity was sold, was $820,000.  
     
  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
     
  Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, Subscription Agreement and Management Consultant Agreements are incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS   

Part I   

Item 1.  
    Business  

Item  1.A  
    Risk Factors  

Item 2.  
    Properties  

Item 3.  
    Legal Proceedings  

Item 4.  
    Mine Safety Disclosures  

Part II   

Item 5.  
    Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Item 6.  
    Selected Financial Data  

Item 7.  
    Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  

Item 7A.  
    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.  

Item 8.  
    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Item 9.  
    Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

Item 9 A.  
    Controls and Procedures  

Part III   

Item 10.  
    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  

Item 11.  
    Executive Compensation  

Item 12.  
    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.  

Item 13.  
    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  

Item 14.  
    Principal Accounting Fees and Services.  

Part IV   

Item 15.  
    Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.  

Signatures  

2 

FRONTERA GROUP INC.   
   FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS   
   
  This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are projections of events, revenues, income, future economic performance or management s plans and objectives for our future operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as  may ,  should ,  expects ,  plans ,  anticipates ,  believes ,  estimates ,  predicts ,  potential  or  continue  or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled  Risk Factors  and the risks set out below, any of which may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks include, by way of example and not in limitation:  
     
  the uncertainty of profitability based upon our history of losses;  
     
  risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis and on acceptable terms to continue as going concern;  
     
  risks related to our international operations and currency exchange fluctuations; and  
     
  other risks and uncertainties related to our business plan and business strategy.  
     
  This list is not an exhaustive list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.  
     
  Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars (US$) and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. All references to  common stock  refer to the common shares in our capital stock.  
     
  As used in this annual report, the terms  we ,  us ,  our , the  Company  and  Frontera Group  mean Frontera Group Inc. unless otherwise indicated.  
     
   Item 1.   BUSINESS   
     
    Our Business    
     
  Frontera Group Inc. is an export management company providing business development and market consultancy services. Our target clients are manufacturers of food products, who are looking for assistance in the areas of marketing, sales and logistics as they expand their sales territories. We specifically target these types of companies because of experience of our management in providing marketing and distribution services to manufacturer of food products.  
     
  We generate revenue by providing consulting services to small and medium businesses.  We acquire customers through direct marketing and referrals.  
     
  Our current services include:  
     
   Market and Competitor Research   
     
  Breaking into new markets is inherently risky due to the unfamiliarity of the competition and consumer demand. Our comprehensive market and competitor research allows our customers to have insight into their new target market. Our customers are better able to price their products and services competitively and position their brand effectively. Market research services include market, economic and political overview, logistics and cost environment, partnership identification, competitor research including availability of distribution channels, competitor promotional strategies and identification of specific differentiation opportunities. Market and competitor research is the first step for a client's launch into a new market. These services are billed on a project basis, with the scope determined in collaboration with the client. Research can be done as a one-off service prior to a new launch, or as an on-going project with a smaller scope to monitor competition in a particular market.  
     
   Marketing Strategy Development   
     
  Essential to the success of entering a new market is an appropriate and effective marketing strategy. After establishing a budget and target market, we develop a marketing plan that can help our clients reach their potential customers. A core part of our marketing services is the design and deployment of specialized reports that capture, measure and analyze target market data to provide insights into market opportunities, value proposition, positioning and messaging development. The result is a custom Business Development plan that addresses overall marketing strategy for a launch to a new market.  
     
   Translation Services   
     
  Launching a product in a new market often requires adaptation of packaging, corporate identity documents, and marketing materials to a new language. Our translation services ensure complete compatibility with local culture and market conditions for any corporate communication materials.  
     
   Trade show and commercial event management   
     
  An important part of a product or service launch is effective presentation at industry and consumer trade shows. We ensure an effective presentation at trade shows by developing target market appropriate booth design and sales material, as well as helping to manage staffing and logistics. We also consult and manage other commercial events, such as marketing events, product demos, and public relations events.  
     
   Administration and On-Going Business services   
     
  We provide services offering ongoing assistance with marketing, sales, and distribution after initial product launch. The scope of services depends on customer requirements. We can provide one-off consultations regarding marketing or distribution strategies, resulting in short-term engagements. For customers who require extra support, we can act as broker of record for a line of products in a specific geographic area. We customarily charge the client a flat monthly fee, with an additional commission depending on a portion of sales made in the target market.  
     
    Patent, Trademark, License and Franchise Restrictions and Contractual Obligations and Concessions    
     
  We do not own, either legally or beneficially, any patents or trademarks.  
           
    Research and Development Activities    
     
  Other than time spent researching our proposed business we have not spent any funds on research and development activities to date. We do not currently plan to spend any funds on research and development activities in the future.  
   
    Compliance with Environmental Laws    
     
  We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business.   
     
    Employees    
     
  As of the date of this Annual Report we have one employee, Gan Ren, who is the sole officer of the Company.  
     
    Reports to Securities Holders    
     
  We provide an annual report that includes audited financial information to our shareholders. We will make our financial information equally available to any interested parties or investors through compliance with the disclosure rules for a small business issuer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We are subject to disclosure filing requirements including filing Form 10K annually and Form 10Q quarterly. In addition, we will file Form 8K and other proxy and information statements from time to time as required. We do not intend to voluntarily file the above reports in the event that our obligation to file such reports is suspended under the Exchange Act. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, ( SEC ), at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549.  
     
  The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.  
     
   Item 1A. RISK FACTORS   
     
  We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.  
   
   Item 2.    PROPERTIES   
     
  We do not hold ownership or leasehold interest in any property and pay our office rent on a monthly basis.  
     
   Item 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS   
     
  We are not currently a party to any legal proceedings, and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions.  
     
   Item 4.    MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES   
     
  Not applicable to our Company.  
   PART II   

Item 5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.   
     
   Market Information   
     
  There is a limited public market for our common shares.  Our common stock has been quoted on the OTCQB Board since April 22, 2015, under the symbol  FRTG .  Because we are quoted on the OTCQB Board, our securities may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if they were listed on a national securities exchange.  
     
   Holders.   
     
  As of June 30, 2016, there were approximately 10 record holders of 307,280,000 shares of the Company's common stock.  
     
   Dividends.   
     
  The Company has not paid any cash dividends to date and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company's business.  
     
   Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans   
     
  None.  
     
   Recent sales of unregistered securities.   
      
  On March 12, 2016, the Company issued 300,000,000 shares of common stock to Nanjing Dayu Xianneng Foods Co, Ltd for the Purchase Price of US $ 0.00003 per share, total of US$ 9,000. The issuance of these shares is pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of1933.  
     
    Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities    
     
  We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
   Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA   
     
  We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.  
     
   Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   
     
   The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the  safe harbor  provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.   
     
   Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.   
   
     Emerging Growth Company  Status    
   
  Frontera Group Inc. is an  emerging growth company  under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act and will remain an  emerging growth company  until the earliest to occur of (a) the last day of the fiscal year during which its total annual revenues equal or exceed $1 billion (subject to adjustment for inflation), (b) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of its initial public offering, (c) the date on which Frontera Group has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities, or (d) the date on which Frontera Group is deemed a  large accelerated filer  (with at least $700 million in public float) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the  EXCHANGE ACT ).  
   
  For so long as Frontera Group remains an  emerging growth company  as defined in the JOBS Act, it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not  emerging growth companies  as described in further detail in the risk factors below. Frontera Group cannot predict if investors will find its shares of common stock less attractive because Frontera Group will rely on some or all of these exemptions. If some investors find Frontera Group's shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for its shares of common stock and its stock price may be more volatile.  
   
  If Frontera Group avails itself of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements, its reduced disclosure may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate Frontera Group and may result in less investor confidence.  
   
  The recently enacted JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on  emerging growth companies . Frontera Group meets the definition of an  emerging growth company  and so long as it qualifies as an  emerging growth company,  it will not be required to:  
     
    have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;  
    comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis);  
    submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as  say-on-pay  and  say-on-frequency;  and  
    disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation.  
     
  In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an  emerging growth company  can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.  
            
  In other words, an  emerging growth company  can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. However, Frontera Group is choosing to  opt out  of such extended transition period, and as a result, Frontera Group will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that its decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable.  
     
  Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently a  smaller reporting company , meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75 million and annual revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a  smaller reporting company , at such time are we cease being an  emerging growth company , we will be required to provide additional disclosure in our SEC filings.  However, similar to  emerging growth companies ,  smaller reporting companies  are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings; are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting; are not required to conduct say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013; and have certain other decreased disclosure obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial statements in annual reports.  
   
    Results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2016, and for the year ended June 30, 2015.    
     
   Revenue   
     
  Our gross revenue for the year ended June 30, 2016 and for the year ended June 30, 2015 was $2,000 and $16,800 respectively. Our cost of revenues for the year ended June 30, 2016 was $1,050 (June 30, 2015: $4,500) resulting in a gross profit of $950 (June 30, 2015: $12,300). All of our revenues derived from consulting services related to market research, feasibility studies and translation.  
     
   Costs and Expenses   
     
  The major components of our expenses for the year ended June 30, 2016, and for the year endedJune 30, 2015 are outlined in the table below:  

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company incurred $39,993 in operating expenses compared to $66,318 for the year ended June 30, 2015. The decrease of $26,325 in operating expenses is due to the decrease in professional fees and general and administrative expense.  
     
   Liquidity and Capital Resources   

Liquidity   
     
  If we are not successful in expanding our clientele base, maintaining profitability and positive cash flow, additional capital may be required to maintain ongoing operations. We have explored and are continuing to explore options to provide additional financing to fund future operations as well as other possible courses of action. Such actions include, but are not limited to, securing lines of credit, sales of debt or equity securities (which may result in dilution to existing shareholders), loans and cash advances from our directors or other third parties, and other similar actions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding (if needed), on acceptable terms or at all, through a sale of our common stock, loans from financial institutions, our directors, or other third parties, or any of the actions discussed above. If we cannot sustain profitable operations, and additional capital is unavailable, lack of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business viability, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  

3 

Cash Flows   
     
  The table below, for the period indicated, provides selected cash flow information:  

Cash Flows from Operating Activities    
     
  Our cash used in operating activities as of June 30, 2016 of $30,888 (June 30, 2015: $47,228). The decrease is due to the decrease in professional fees and general and administrative expenses.  
      
    Cash Flows from Investing Activities    
     
  We did not generate any cash from investing activities during the year ended June 30, 2016       
   
    Cash Flows from Financing Activities    
     
  During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company sold 300,000,000 common shares for $9,000 and received advances from officer in the total amount of $30,500.  
     
  Management expects to keep operating costs to a minimum until cash is available through financing or operating activities. Management plans to continue to seek, in addition to equity financing, other sources of financing (e.g. bank loan, line of credit, shareholder loan) on favorable terms; however, there are no assurances that any such financing can be obtained on favorable terms, if at all.     
     
  If we are unable to generate profits sufficient to cover our operating costs or to obtain additional funds for our working capital needs, we may need to cease or curtail operations.  Furthermore, there is no assurance the net proceeds from any successful financing arrangement will be sufficient to cover cash requirements during the initial stages of the Company s operations.  
     
   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   
     
  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders.  

Item 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   
     
  We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item.  

4 

Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA   

FRONTERA GROUP INC.   
     
   June 30, 2016   
     
   Index to the Financial Statements   

5 

Pritchett, Siler   Hardy, P.C. 
 Certified Public Accountants 
 1438 N Highway 89, Suite 130 
 Farmington, UT 84025 
 Office: (801)447-9572 Fax: (801)447-9578 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
   
  To The Board of Directors and shareholders of  
  Frontera Group, Inc.  
  Pomana, California  
   
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Frontera Group, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2016 and the related statements of operations, stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2016. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. The financial statements as of June 30, 2015 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders' deficit and cash flows for the year ended June 30 were audited by another auditor who expressed an unqualified opinion on July 28, 2015. Our opinion, in so far as it relates to the year ended June 30, 2015, is based solely on the report of the other auditor.  
   
  We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.   
   
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2016 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2016, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  
   
  Emphasis of Matter  
   
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements the Company suffered a loss from operations during the year ended June 30, 2016, has yet to establish a reliable, consistent and proven source of revenue to meet its operating costs on an ongoing basis and currently does not have sufficient available funding to fully implement its business plan. These factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.  

Pritchett, Siler   Hardy P.C.  
  Salt Lake City, Utah  
  October 28, 2016  

6 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM  
   
  To The Board of Directors and shareholders of  
  Frontera Group, Inc.  
  Las Vegas, Nevada  
   
  We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Frontera Group, Inc. (the  Company ) as of June 30, 2015 and the related statements of operations, stockholders  deficit and cash flows for the year then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.  
   
  We conducted our audit in accordance the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.  
   
  In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Frontera Group Inc. as of June 30, 2015 and the related statement of operations and cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  

Cutler   Co., LLC  
  Wheat Ridge, Colorado  
  July 28, 2015  

9605 West 49 th  Ave. Suite 200 Wheat Ridge, Colorado 80033  ~ Phone 303-968-3281  ~  Fax 303-456-7488  ~  www.cutlercpas.com 
 7 

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

8 

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

9 

See accompanying notes to financial statements.  

10 

FRONTERA GROUP INC.   
   Notes to the Audited Financial Statements   
   For the Year Ended June 30, 2016   
     
   Note 1   Organization and Operations   
     
  Frontera Group Inc. (the  Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 21, 2013, Frontera Group Inc. is an export management company providing business development and market consultancy services that assist small and medium-sized businesses in entering new markets in Central and South America.  
     
   Note 2   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies   
     
    Basis of Presentation    
     
  The Company s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ).  
     
    Use of Estimates and Assumptions and Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions    
  
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date(s) of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period(s).  
     
  Critical accounting estimates are estimates for which (a) the nature of the estimate is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and (b) the impact of the estimate on financial condition or operating performance is material. The Company s critical accounting estimates and assumptions affecting the financial statements were:  
   
   (i)   
   Assumption as a going concern   :   Management assumes that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business  .  
   
       (ii)      Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets:    Management assumes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets resulting from its net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes that may be offset against future taxable income was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are offset by a full valuation allowance. Management made this assumption based on (a) the Company has incurred recurring losses, (b) general economic conditions, and (c) its ability to raise additional funds to support its daily operations by way of a public or private offering, among other factors;  
   
  These significant accounting estimates or assumptions bear the risk of change due to the fact that there are uncertainties attached to these estimates or assumptions, and certain estimates or assumptions are difficult to measure or value.  
     
        Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  
     
  Management regularly evaluates the key factors and assumptions used to develop the estimates utilizing currently available information, changes in facts and circumstances, historical experience and reasonable assumptions. After such evaluations, if deemed appropriate, those estimates are adjusted accordingly.  
     
  Actual results could differ from those estimates.  
     
    Fair Value of Financial Instruments    
     
  The Company follows paragraph 825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ( Paragraph 820-10-35-37 ) to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements.   
       
  The carrying amount of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, accounts payable and accrued expenses, approximate their fair value because of the short maturity of those instruments.   
     
  Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm's-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated.  
     
    Cash Equivalents    
     
  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.  
     
    Related Parties    
     
  The Company follows subtopic 850-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions.  
     
  Pursuant to Section 850-10-20 the related parties include: a. affiliates ( Affiliate  means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act)  of the Company; b. entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required, absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of Section 825 10 15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing entity; c. trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d. principal owners of the Company; e. management of the Company; f. other parties with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g. other parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.  
     
  The financial statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of financial statements is not required in those statements.  
     
        The disclosures shall include:  a. the nature of the relationship(s) involved; b. a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c. the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding period; and d. amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of settlement.  
     
    Commitments and Contingencies    
     
  The Company follows subtopic 450-20 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur.  The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment.  In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein.  
     
  If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in the Company s financial statements.  If the assessment indicates that a potential material loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed.  
     
  Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed.   
     
    Revenue Recognition    
     
  Our revenues for the year ended June 30, 2016 were from only one customer. The revenue concentrations were high for the year ended June 30, 2016.  
   
  The Company applies paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue recognition.  The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  The Company considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.  
     
  The Company derives its revenues from sales contracts with its customer with revenues being generated upon rendering of services.  Persuasive evidence of an arrangement is demonstrated via invoice; service is considered provided when the service is delivered to the customers; and there is no separate sales rebate, discount, or volume incentive.  
     
    Deferred Tax Assets and Income Tax Provision    
     
  The Company accounts for income taxes under Section 740-10-30 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.   
     
  Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.   
     
  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates      expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.  The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statements of operations in the period that includes the enactment date.  
     
  The Company adopted the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.  Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.  
     
  The estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary.  
     
  Management makes judgments as to the interpretation of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liability. In addition, the Company operates within multiple taxing jurisdictions and is subject to audit in these jurisdictions. In management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates, additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary.  
     
  The Company discloses tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions pursuant to the ASC Paragraph 740-10-50-15.  
     
    Earnings per Share    
     
  Earnings Per Share is the amount of earnings attributable to each share of common stock. For convenience, the term is used to refer to either earnings or loss per share.  Earnings per share ( EPS ) is computed pursuant to section 260-10-45 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification.  Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-10 through 260-10-45-16 Basic EPS shall be computed by dividing income available to common stockholders (the numerator) by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (the denominator) during the period.   
     
  Income available to common stockholders shall be computed by deducting both the dividends declared in the period on preferred stock (whether or not paid) and the dividends accumulated for the period on cumulative preferred stock (whether or not earned) from income from continuing operations (if that amount appears in the income statement) and also from net income.   
     
  The computation of diluted EPS is similar to the computation of basic EPS except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been outstanding if the dilutive potential common shares had been issued during the period to reflect the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through contingent shares issuance arrangement, stock options or warrants.  
     
  Pursuant to ASC Paragraphs 260-10-45-45-21 through 260-10-45-45-23 Diluted EPS shall be based on the most advantageous conversion rate or exercise price from the standpoint of the security holder.  The dilutive effect of outstanding call options and warrants (and their equivalents) issued by the reporting entity shall be reflected in diluted EPS by application of the treasury stock method unless the provisions of paragraphs 260-10-45-35 through      45-36 and 260-10-55-8 through 55-11 require that another method be applied. Equivalents of options and warrants include non-vested stock granted to employees, stock purchase contracts, and partially paid stock subscriptions (see paragraph 260 10 55 23). Anti-dilutive contracts, such as purchased put options and purchased call options, shall be excluded from diluted EPS.  Under the treasury stock method: a. Exercise of options and warrants shall be assumed at the beginning of the period (or at time of issuance, if later) and common shares shall be assumed to be issued. b. The proceeds from exercise shall be assumed to be used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. (See paragraphs 260-10-45-29 and 260-10-55-4 through 55-5.) c. The incremental shares (the difference between the number of shares assumed issued and the number of shares assumed purchased) shall be included in the denominator of the diluted EPS computation.  
     
  There were no potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued and outstanding at any time during the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
    Subsequent Events    
     
  The Company follows the guidance in Section 855-10-50 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for the disclosure of subsequent events. The Company will evaluate subsequent events through the date when the financial statements were issued.  Pursuant to ASU 2010-09 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, the Company as an SEC filer considers its financial statements issued when they are widely distributed to users, such as through filing them on EDGAR.  
     
    Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements    
     
  Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting pronouncements, if adopted, will have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements.  
     
   Note 3   Going Concern   
     
  The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.  
     
  As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company had accumulated deficit at June 30, 2016, a net loss and net cash used in operating activities for the reporting period ended June 30, 2016. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.  
     
  The Company is attempting to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue; however, the Company s cash position may not be sufficient to support the Company s daily operations.  Management intends to raise additional funds by way of a private or public offering.  While the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to commence operations and generate sufficient revenue and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be no assurances to that effect.  The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability to further implement its business plan and generate sufficient revenue and its ability to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering.  
     
  The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.  
   
   Note 4   Related Party Transactions   
     
    Consulting services from President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer    
     
  Consulting services provided by the former President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Advances         from         President and CEO    
   
  From time to time, the President, CEO and significant stockholder of the Company advances funds to the Company for working capital purposes. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2015, the advance balance was $4,698 and $7,500, respectively.  
   
    Accrued Compensation    
   
 Prior to January 2016, the former President and former Chief Financial Officer provided management consulting services to the Company. On February 1, 2014, we have entered into consulting agreements with Michael Krichevcev, our former President, and Tatiana Varuha, our former Chief Financial Officer. These agreements were extended for the period from February 1, 2015 to January 31, 2016 on the same terms and conditions as the agreements dated February 1, 2014.  In January 2016, when Michael Krichevcev and Tatiana Varuha were no longer the officers of the Company, the Company terminated the management consulting engagement with them. 
   
  During the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company incurred $5,400 and $10,800, respectively, in management consulting services with the former President and the former CFO of the Company. The outstanding balance of accrued compensation was converted into additional paid in capital in January 2016. As of the June 30, 2016 and 2015, the balance of accrued compensation was $0 and $15,300, respectively.  
   
   Note 5   Stockholders  Deficit   
     
    Shares authorized    
     
  The number of shares of common stock the Company is authorized   to issue is 1,000,000,000 shares, par value $0.00001 per share.  
   
  In February 2016, the Company increased its authorized stock from 75,000,000 shares authorized, par value $0.001 per share, to 1,000,000,000 shares, par value $0.00001 per share.  
     
    Common stock    
     
  During the year ended June 30, 2015, the Company sold 3,280,000 common shares at $0.0125 per share for total proceeds of $41,000.  
   
  In the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company sold 300,000,000 common shares at $0.00003 per share for a total proceeds of $9,000.  
   
    Change in Control    
   
  On January 12, 2016, Mr. Michael Krichevcev, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Director, and Ms.Tatiana Varuha, the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Director, sold all of their 4,000,000 shares of commonstock of the Company to Mr. Gan Ren. The 4,000,000 shares of common stock sold represented a majority ofthe total issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the time of sale.  
   
   Note 6   Income Tax Provision   
     
    Deferred Tax Assets    
     
  As of June 30, 2016 and 2015, the Company had net operating loss ( NOL ) carry forwards for Federal income tax purposes of $110,346 and $71,303, respectively that may be offset against future taxable income which begin to expire in 2034.  No tax benefit has been reported with respect to these net operating loss carry-forwards in the accompanying financial statements because the Company believes that the realization of the Company s net deferred tax assets was not considered more likely than not and accordingly, the potential tax benefits of the net loss carry-forwards are fully offset by a full valuation allowance.  
     
  Components of deferred tax assets are as follows:  

Deferred tax assets consist primarily of the tax effect of NOL carry-forwards.  The Company has provided a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets because of the uncertainty regarding its realizability.   
     
  We follow ASC 740    Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   . Under ASC 740, tax benefits are recognized only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. Unrecognized tax benefits are tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. We had no liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits at June 30, 2016 and 2015.  
     
  Our policy is to recognize potential interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense. For the years ended June 30, 2016 and 2015, we did not recognize any interest or penalties in our statement of operations, nor did we have any interest or penalties accrued in our balance sheet at June 30, 2016 and 2015 relating to unrecognized tax benefits.  
     
  The tax years 2014 to 2016 remain open to examination for federal income tax purposes and by the other major taxing jurisdictions to which we are subject.  
     
   Note 7   Subsequent Events   
     
  The Company has evaluated all events that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date when the financial statements were issued to determine if they must be reported.  The Management of the Company determined that there were no reportable subsequent events to be disclosed.  
     
   Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND    FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   
     
  On November 12, 2015,   Cutler   Co., LLC   ( Cutler   Co. ) informed us that it had   sold its SEC auditing practice to Pritchett, Siler   Hardy PC  . As a result of the transaction, the Cutler   Co. resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm.  
     
  The Company had appointed Cutler   Co. as it independent registered public accounting firm on June 17, 2015 and Cutler   Co. completed the audit of our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2015 and the review of our quarterly financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2015.  
   
  On November 16, 2015, the Company approved the engagement of   Pritchett, Siler and Hardy PC ( Pritchett, Siler and Hardy PC )   as its principal accountant to audit the Company's financial statements.    
   
   Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   
     
   Evaluation of Disclosure Controls   
     
  We evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the 2016 fiscal year.  This evaluation was conducted with the participation of our chief executive officer and our principal accounting officer.  
     
  Disclosure controls are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information that we are required to be disclosed in the reports we file pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported.   
     
   Limitations on the Effective of Controls   
  Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and fraud.  A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, but no absolute, assurance that the objectives of a control system are met.  Further, any control system reflects limitations on resources, and the benefits of a control system must be considered relative to its costs.  These limitations also include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake.  Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of a control.  A design of a control system is also based upon certain assumptions about potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.  Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.  
     
   Conclusions   
     
  Based upon their evaluation of our controls, the chief executive officer and principal accounting officer have concluded that, subject to the limitations noted above, the disclosure controls are not effective providing reasonable assurance that material information relating to us is made known to management on a timely basis during the period when our reports are being prepared.  There were no changes in our internal controls that occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls.  

11 

PART III   
     
   Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   
     
  The following table presents information with respect to our officers, directors and significant employees as of the date of this Report:  

Name    
       
      Position    
  
     Gan Ren  
       
     President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director  

Each director serves until our next annual meeting of the stockholders or unless they resign earlier. The Board of Directors elects officers and their terms of office are at the discretion of the Board of Directors.  
     
  Each of our directors serves until his or her successor is elected and qualified. Each of our officers is elected by the board of directors to a term of one (1) year and serves until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified, or until he or she is removed from office. At the present time, members of the board of directors are not compensated for their services to the board.  
     
    Biographical Information Regarding Officers and Directors    
     
    Gan Ren    , age 29, graduated from Nanchang Aero University Business Administration major with a bachelor degree in 2010. He received a MBA degree from University of Laverne in 2016.  
   
   Item 11:  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION   
     
    Compensation of Officers    
     
  The following summary compensation table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during 2016 awarded to, earned by or paid to our executive officers.  
     
    Summary Compensation Table    

12 

Retirement, Resignation or Termination Plans    
     
  We sponsor no plan, whether written or verbal, that would provide compensation or benefits of any type to an executive upon retirement, or any plan that would provide payment for retirement, resignation, or termination as a result of a change in control of our company or as a result of a change in the responsibilities of an executive following a change in control of our company.  
     
    Directors  Compensation    
     
  The persons who served as members of our board of directors, including executive officers, did not receive any compensation for services as directors for 2016 and 2015.  
     
   Option Exercises and Stock Vested   
     
  None  
     
   Pension Benefits and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation   
     
  The Company does not maintain any qualified retirement plans or non-nonqualified deferred compensation plans for its employees or directors.  
     
    Executive Officer Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End    
     
      None  
   
   Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND   RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS   
     
  The following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 30, 2016: (i) by each of our directors, (ii) by each of the Named Executive Officers, (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) by each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than five percent (5%) of any class of our outstanding shares. As of June 30, 2016 there were 307,280,000 shares of our common stock outstanding:  

(1)     Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 307,280,000 shares of common stock outstanding on October 13, 2016.  
  Percentage ownership is determined based on shares owned together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of October 13, 2016, for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities.  Shares of common stock subject to securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 13, 2016, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person.  Our common stock is our only issued and outstanding class of securities eligible to vote.  
     
  As of October 13, 2016, there were 307,280,000 shares of common stock outstanding owned by our officers and directors.  
     
   Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE   
     
    Consulting services from President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer    
     
  Consulting services provided by the former President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the year ended June 30, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:  

Director Independence   
     
  Under NASDAQ rule 4200(a)(15), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she is also an executive officer or employee of the corporation.  
     
  Our director, Gan Ren, is also our chief executive officer and chief financial officer. As a result, we do not have independent directors on our Board of Directors.  
     
   Item 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES   
     
  On June 17, 2015 the Company engaged Cutler   Co., LLC as its new independent registered public accounting firm. During the year ended June 30, 2014 and prior to June 17, 2015 (the date Cutler   Co. was engaged), the company did not incur any fees with Cutler   Co.  
   
  On November 12, 2015,   Cutler   Co., LLC   ( Cutler   Co. ) informed us that it had   sold its SEC auditing practice to Pritchett, Siler   Hardy PC  . As a result of the transaction, the Cutler   Co. resigned as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm.  
     
  The Company had appointed Cutler   Co. as it independent registered public accounting firm on June 17, 2015 and Cutler   Co. completed the audit of our financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2015 and the review of our quarterly financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2015.  
   
  On November 16, 2015, the Company approved the engagement of   Pritchett, Siler and Hardy PC ( Pritchett, Siler and Hardy PC )   as its principal accountant to audit the Company's financial statements.    

PART IV   
   Item 15.  EXHIBITS   
     
   EXHIBIT   
   NUMBER      DESCRIPTION   

3.1  

Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  
  
    3.2  
       
    Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  
  
    4.2  
       
    Subscription Agreement. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  
  
    10.1  
       
    Consulting Agreement (President). Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  
  
    10.2  
       
    Consulting Agreement (C.F.O.). Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014.  
  
    31.1  
       
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  
  
    31.2  
       
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  
  
    32.1  
       
    Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*  
  
    32.2  
       
    Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*  
  
    101.INS   
       
    XBRL Instance Document **  
  
    101.SCH   
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document **  
  
    101.CAL   
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document **  
  
    101.DEF   
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document **  
  
    101.LAB   
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document **  
  
    101.PRE   
       
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document **  

*  Filed herewith.                                                                       
  ** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.  
     
   SIGNATURES   
     
  Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
     
  Gan Ren  
  CEO, CFO  
   
  October 28, 2016  

13 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex312.htm
 EX 31

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, Gan Ren, certify that:  
     
 1.                   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Frontera Group Inc; 
     
  2.                   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a. 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Gan Ren 

Gan Ren 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 3
 ex311.htm
 EX 31

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14 AND 15d-14 
  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934   
     
  I, Gan Ren, certify that:  
     
 1.                   I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Frontera Group Inc; 
     
  2.                   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;  
     
  3.                   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;  
     
  4.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  

a. 
   Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
   Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Financial Statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
   Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
   Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.                   The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  

a. 
   All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
   Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 26, 2016 

/s/ Gan Ren 

Gan Ren 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex322.htm
 EX 32

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Frontera Group Inc (the  Company ) for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Gan Ren, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
   the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed.  
     
  Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Gan Ren 

Gan Ren 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex321.htm
 EX 32

Converted by EDGARwiz 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
  AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
  PURSUANT TO 
  18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
  AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002   
     
  In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Frontera Group Inc (the  Company ) for the year ended June 30, 2016, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the  Report ), the undersigned, Gan Ren, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certifies that, to the best of my knowledge:  

(1) 
   the Report fully complies, in all material respects, with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
   all information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, this certification is being furnished and is not deemed filed.  
     
  Date: October 26, 2016  

/s/ Gan Ren 

Gan Ren 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 6
 frtg-20160630.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 frtg-20160630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 frtg-20160630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 frtg-20160630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 frtg-20160630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 frtg-20160630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

